## EGGRICULTURE FOODS LTD.

## 永續農業發展有限公司

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock code: 8609

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (the 'Directors') of Eggriculture Foods Ltd. (the 'Company') and together with its subsidiaries (the 'Group') collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that, to the best of their knowledge and belief the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## Contents

| Corporate Information  3  Chairman's Statement  4  Management Discussion and Analysis  6  Biographies of Directors and Senior Management  14  Corporate Governance Report  17  Report of the Directors  27  Independent Auditor's Report  36  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  41  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  43  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  44  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  45  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  47  Financial Summary  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Information

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ma Chin Chew

(Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Lim Siok Eng Mr. Tang Hong Lai

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest Mr. Sneddon Donald William

Mr. Tan Jia Kien

## BOARD COMMITTEES Audit Committee

Mr. Sneddon Donald William (Chairman) Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest Mr. Tan Jia Kien

## Remuneration Committee

Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest (Chairman) Mr. Sneddon Donald William Mr. Tan Jia Kien

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest (Chairman) Mr. Sneddon Donald William Mr. Tan Jia Kien

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Ching Kim Fung

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Ma Chin Chew Mr. Ching Kim Fung

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Ms. Lim Siok Eng

## AUDITOR

Mazars LLP Certified Public Accountants 135 Cecil Street # 10-01, Singapore 069536

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE

1 Lim Chu Kang Lane 9A, Singapore 718845

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Unit 1104, 11/F, Keybond Commercial Building 38 Ferry Street, Jordan, Kowloon, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands

## HONG  KONG  BRANCH  SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISOR

Jun He Law Offices Suite 3701-10, 37/F, Jardine House 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

DBS Bank Limited 12 Marina Boulevard, Level 43 DBS Asia Central @ Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3, Singapore 018982

Maybank Singapore Limited 2 Battery Road, Maybank Tower Singapore 049907

United Overseas Bank Limited 80 Raffles Place, UOB Plaza, Singapore 048624

## COMPANY WEBSITE

www.eggriculturefoods.com

## GEM STOCK CODE

8609

<!-- image -->

## Chairman's Statement

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the 'Board') of Eggriculture Foods Ltd. (the 'Company'), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group') for the year ended 31 March 2022 (the 'FY2022').

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group continues to focus on its core business of egg production and distribution in Singapore. Group revenue has increased by approximately 28% from approximately S$52.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 (the 'FY2021') to approximately S$67.1 million for the FY2022. The higher sales are mainly attributable to more eggs sold to a larger customer base, as a result of past acquisitions of egg distributors.

Egg prices continue to be volatile during the financial year as the Singapore government continues its policies to strengthen the country's food resilience, obligating egg suppliers to source its eggs imports from non-traditional sources. The lingering effects of COVID-19 have disrupted supply chains and increased prices of commodities, which impacted our feed costs. Egg prices have increased rapidly during the financial year as a consequence. These developments have compressed our gross margins as there was a time lag for us to translate these costs increases into our selling prices. As a result of increase in our business activities, our operating costs have also increased.

Our chicken egg farm expansion continued as planned. During the year, we completed the construction of one pullet house and one layer house. The remaining two layer houses were completed after the end of the financial year and will be operational by the end of 2022. The construction of the quail farm continued during the financial year, and it will be operational in 2023.

To fund the expansions, the Group's bank borrowings have increased to approximately S$22.4 million.

As a result of the above, the Group's net profit after tax decreased by approximately S$4.0 million from approximately S$7.5 million for FY2021 to approximately S$3.5 million for FY2022. Our total assets base has increased from S$58.7 million as at 31 March 2021, to S$72.8 million as at 31 March 2022.

## FUTURE OUTLOOK

With the expanded chicken egg farm scheduled to be operational in the next two years, our own eggs production will increase which will enable us to reduce our reliance on sourced eggs. This would enhance our control over the cost and quality of our eggs and the reliability of our supplies.

In conjunction with the expanded egg laying capacity, the Group is expanding its existing egg sorting, packing and processing facilities to cope with the increased egg production. It will also start the construction of chicken slaughtering facilities to cope with the increased layer population.

The completion of the quail farm will enhance our revenue stream in the quail space. We are likely to face some start up challenges when the quail farm starts operations. When fully operational, the quail farm will enable us to diversify our revenue.

Management will continue to focus to complete the construction of all these facilities and to operationalise them to achieve the costs savings and efficiencies. These investments will build resilience in our business model and strengthen our competitive position as a reliable egg supplier in Singapore.

Our operating costs and capital expenditure are likely to affected by inflationary pressure caused by prevailing uncertainties in the world economies and conflicts in Europe. Our profitability will continue to be affected by our continuing efforts and ability to translate these costs increases into our selling prices.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to our shareholders, suppliers, customers and business associates for their support and trust placed in us. I would also like to express our sincere gratitude to the management and staff for their commitment and contribution throughout the year.

## Eggriculture Foods Ltd. Ma Chin Chew

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Singapore, 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

The Group's total revenue increased by approximately S$14.6 million, or approximately 28% from approximately S$52.5 million in the FY2021 to approximately S$67.1 million in the FY2022.

## (i) Fresh Eggs

In the FY2022, approximately 71% (FY2021: 70%) of the revenue was derived from the sales of fresh eggs. Revenue increased by approximately S$10.7 million from approximately S$37.0 million for the FY2021 to approximately S$47.7 million for the FY2022. The increase was primarily driven by enlargement in the customer base arising from the acquisitions of eggs distributors made last year.

## (ii)  Processed Eggs

In the FY2022, approximately 29% (FY2021: 30%) of the revenue was derived from the sales of processed eggs. Revenue increased by approximately S$3.9 million from approximately S$15.5 million for the FY2021 to approximately S$19.4 million for the FY2022. Such increase was primarily due to the increase in sales to Foods &amp; Beverages customers due to the gradual COVID-19 recovery in Singapore.

## Cost of Sales

The Group's total cost of sales increased by approximately S$12.8 million, or approximately 25% from S$52.1 million in the FY2021 to S$64.9 million in the FY2022 primarily due to the increase in the costs of sourced eggs. Arising from the enlargement of our customer base arising from the acquisitions made in last financial year, we have increased the purchases of sourced eggs to fulfil the sales to these customers.

## Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The gross profit before agricultural produce fair value adjustments decreased by approximately S$0.6 million from approximately S$13.7 million for the FY2021 to S$13.1 million for the FY2022. The gross profit after agricultural produce fair value adjustments increased by approximately S$1.8 million from approximately S$0.4 million for the FY2021 to approximately S$2.2 million for the FY2022. Separately, gross profit margin after agricultural produce fair value adjustments increased to approximately 3% for the FY2022 from approximately 1% for the FY2021. The gross profit margin before agricultural produce fair value adjustments decreased to approximately 20% for the FY2022 from approximately 26% for the FY2021 primarily due to higher operating costs such as animal feeds.

## Other losses - net - others

The other losses - net - others has decreased from approximately S$120,000 in the FY2021 to approximately S$2,000 in the FY2022 primarily due to lower net currency exchange losses in the FY2022.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

## Gain arising from initial recognition of agricultural produce at fair value less estimated costs to sell at point of harvest

The gain arising from initial recognition of agricultural produce at fair value less estimated costs to sell at point of harvest decreased by approximately S$2.4 million, or approximately 18% from approximately S$13.3 million in the FY2021 to approximately S$10.9 million in the FY2022 primarily due to the increase in price of agricultural produce at the point of harvest in the FY2022.

## Gain arising from changes in fair value of biological assets less estimated costs to sell

The gain arising from changes in fair value of biological assets less estimated costs to sell decreased by approximately S$1.3 million from approximately S$3.1 million in the FY2021 to approximately S$1.8 million in the FY2022. The gain is lesser for this financial year as compared to the previous financial year as the Group has to cull part of its flock due to Newcastle Disease in February 2022. Around that time, like the other egg farms in Singapore, two batches of our growers (about 170,000) were detected to have been exposed to Newcastle Disease which affect the respiratory, nervous and digestive systems of birds leading to higher mortality rates and eventual low eggs production. This disease posed no food safety concerns as there are no known transmission to humans. These affected growers were culled. Consequently, our flock size were lower than expected as at 31 March 2022 as compared to 31 March 2021. As we have been insured for such an occurrence, our losses have been mitigated by insurance claims.

## Selling and distribution expenses

Selling and distribution expenses increased by approximately S$0.9 million or approximately 17% from approximately S$5.4 million in the FY2021 to approximately S$6.3 million in the FY2022 primarily due to the increase in headcount and the enlargement of the delivery fleet to cater for the increase in sales.

## Administrative expenses

Administrative expenses increased from approximately S$4.5 million in the FY2021 to approximately S$5.1 million in the FY2022, primarily due to increase in employee benefits in the FY2022.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

During the FY2022, the Group financed its operations by cash flow generated from operating activities and banking facilities.

The current ratio, being the ratio of current assets to current liabilities, was approximately 1.9 times as at 31 March 2022 (31 March 2021: 1.9 times). The gearing ratio, being the ratio of net debt to total capital, was approximately 26% as at 31 March 2022 (31 March 2021: 6%).

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately S$10.1 million and S$10.9 million, respectively.

<!-- image -->

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES (Continued)

As at 31 March 2022, total borrowings which included lease liabilities and bank borrowings amounted to approximately S$23.5 million (31 March 2021: S$13.0 million). There was no material seasonality in relation to the borrowing requirements of the Group. Below is a breakdown of the total borrowings:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Non-current  Lease liabilities  475  839  Bank borrowings  16,567  8,408  17,042  9,247  Current  Lease liabilities  612  777  Bank borrowings  5,821  3,012  6,433  3,789  Total borrowings  23,475  13,036  Maturity of Bank Borrowings  Within 1 year  5,821  3,012  Between 1 and 2 years  5,897  2,907  Between 2 and 5 years  10,670  5,320  Over 5 years  -  181  22,388  11,420   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had undrawn borrowing facilities of approximately S$11.7 million which included unutilised loan facilities, trade facilities and non-revolving hire purchase facilities.

The range of interest rates of the Group's term loans as at 31 March 2022 is 1.90% to 7.75% (2021: 1.70% to 7.75%).

## PLEDGE OF ASSETS

Bank borrowings amounting to approximately S$1,205,000 as at 31 March 2022 (31 March 2021: S$1,453,000) are secured by assignment over the investments in insurance contracts with a carrying amount of approximately S$2,265,000 (FY2021: S$2,211,000).

Lease of the Group amounting to approximately S$626,000 as at 31 March 2022 (31 March 2021: S$1,145,000) are effectively secured over the leased machinery and motor vehicles with a carrying amount of approximately S$1,566,000 (31 March 2021: S$2,365,700).

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no change in the capital structure of the Group during the year. The share capital of the Company only comprises ordinary shares.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

The Group did not have any material disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the FY2022. As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not invest in any significant investments.

## FUTURE PLAN FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENT AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group did not have any plans for material investment or acquisition of capital assets as at the date of this annual report. The Company will make further announcement in accordance with the GEM Listing Rules, where applicable, if any investments and acquisition opportunities materialise.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not have material capital commitments other than disclosed in Note 26 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this annual report.

## EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had a total of 268 employees (31 March 2021: 255). Staff cost, including Directors' remuneration, of the Group amounted to approximately S$9.9 million in the FY2022 (FY2021: S$8.4 million).

The remuneration package offered by the Group to our employees includes salary, bonus and staff benefits. In general, the Group determines the level of salaries based on each employee's qualification, experience, position, seniority and the prevailing market remuneration rate. The Group reviews its remuneration of employee annually and adjust them as needed to ensure that they are competitive to attract and retain talents and having regards to the Group's profitability.

Details of the employee benefit scheme of the Group and five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes 2.18 and 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this annual report.

## GUARANTEE PERFORMANCE IN RELATION TO THE ACQUISITIONS

The Group did not enter into any acquisition, which is required to be disclosed under the GEM Listing Rules, that the party in contract required to commit or guarantee on the financial performance in any kinds for the FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE

Currency risk arises when transactions are denominated in a currency that is not the entity's functional currency. The Group's business is mainly exposed to the United States dollar ('USD'), Hong Kong dollar ('HKD') and Euro ('EUR'). The Group monitors exchange rate movements to ensure this risk is kept within an acceptable level. This exposure is not hedged by any financial instruments. As the future exchange rates is uncertain, the sensitivity analysis is prepared based on the assumption of actual changes during the year, with all other variables including tax rate being held constant.

The Group's currency exposure to USD is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets  Cash and bank deposits  1,017  885  Trade and other receivables  -  124  1,017  1,009  Financial liabilities  Borrowings  (1,205)  (1,453)  Trade and other payables  (462)  (278)  (650)  (722)  Less:  Borrowings designated for insurance contracts  1,205  1,453  555  731   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis of the exposure to USD, after taking into consideration the USD borrowings designated for the investments in insurance contracts are as follows:

As at 31 March 2022, if USD had strengthened/weakened by 1% (2021: 5%) against Singapore dollar ('SGD') with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$5,000 higher/lower (FY2021: S$30,000 higher/lower), respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the USD-denominated financial assets/liabilities and insurance contracts.

## FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE (Continued)

The Group's currency exposure to HKD is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cash and bank deposits  1,984  2,205  Trade and other payables  (17)  (16)  1,967  2,189   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, if HKD had strengthened/weakened by 1% (2021: 6%) against SGD with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$16,000 (FY2021: S$109,000) higher/lower, respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the HKD-denominated assets/liabilities.

The Group's currency exposure to EUR is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cash and bank deposits  837  713   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, if EUR had strengthened/weakened by 5% (FY2021: 1%) against SGD with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$35,000 (FY2021: S$6,000) higher/lower, respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the EUR-denominated financial assets.

## PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group uses its best efforts to ensure that its risk management practices adequately mitigate the risks present in its operations and financial position as efficiently and effectively as possible. Major risks and uncertainties are set out as follows:

- (1) Our business is subject to risks of poultry-related diseases and infection.
- (2) We face the risks of food contamination and deterioration and we may be subject to product liability claim on our egg products.
- (3) Our business may be affected by any revocation or non-renewal of our licences.

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES (Continued)

- (4) A substantial part of our sales revenue was generated in Singapore and a significant decrease of our market share in Singapore may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and business performance.
- (5) We may be affected by the prices of eggs imported from overseas.
- (6) Disruption to our production facilities may adversely affect our business.
- (7) Our business may be affected by fluctuations in the costs of raw materials for feeds.
- (8) We are dependent on foreign workers.
- (9) Our continuing and future success depends on the ability of our senior management and our business may be harmed if we lose their services.
- (10)  We do not have long term contracts with our major customers and suppliers.
- (11)  We are exposed to credit risk and defaults in payments by our customers.
- (12)  Our insurance coverage may be inadequate.
- (13)  We may encounter difficulty in achieving our specific business strategies.
- (14)  The fair value of our biological assets may fluctuate significantly from period to period, causing our results of operations to be highly volatile.
- (15)  Our business may be affected by competition in the industry.
- (16)  Our business may be affected by any changes in laws and regulations.
- (17)  Social, political, regulatory, economic and legal developments, as well as any changes in Singaporean government policies, could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
- (18)  Any loss of or reduction in the government grants offered by the Government of Singapore may adversely affect our Group's financial performance and results of operations.

An analysis of the Group's financial risk management (including foreign currency risk, credit risk and impairment assessment, liquidity risk and interest rate risk) objectives and policies are set out in Note 3 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Group's risk management activities are performed by the management on an ongoing basis. The effectiveness of our risk management framework is evaluated at least annually, and periodic management meetings are held to update the progress of risk monitoring efforts. The management is committed to ensuring that risk management forms part of the daily business operation processes in order to align risk management with corporate goals in an effective manner.

<!-- image -->

## PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES (Continued)

The Company will continue to engage external independent professionals to review the Group's system of internal controls and risk management annually and further enhance the Group's internal control and risk management systems as appropriate.

There is currently no internal audit function within the Group. The Board has reviewed the need for an internal audit function and are of the view that, in light of the size, nature and complexity of the business of the Group, it is more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform the internal audit function for the Group. The Board will continue to reassess this need for an internal audit function and to adapt accordingly to meet its goals.

## IMPACT OF COVID-19

The lingering effects of COVID-19 continued to affect our business. Egg costs have increased rapidly during the financial year, and they are expected to continue to be volatile. Our operating costs are expected to be continued to be impacted by disruptions in the supply chains of the commodities that we purchased for our feeds. The Group will continue to monitor its operations and the market as the effects COVID-19 create and prolong uncertainties in the Singapore economy. Management will evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group. As at the date on which this set of consolidated financial statements was authorised for issue, the Group was not aware of any material adverse effects on the consolidated financial statements as a result of the COVID-19 that have not already been disclosed.

<!-- image -->

## Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Ma Chin Chew ( 馬琼就 ) , aged 54, was appointed as the Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Group on 7 March 2018. He joined the Group as a director on 19 July 2006. He is also a director of a number of companies in the Group.

Mr. Ma is an engineering graduate and has more than 20 years of experience in management and food industry. He has been the key driver of the Group's business since 2006 and has grown and expanded the business manifolds after his takeover. He is overall responsible for the day to day operations and the strategic direction of the Group.

Currently, Mr. Ma is the secretary of the Poultry Merchants' Association in Singapore and the deputy secretary general of the Singapore Livestock Farmers' Association.

Save as being the spouse of Ms. Lim, Mr. Ma does not have any relationship with other Directors and senior management.

Ms. Lim Siok Eng (Lin Shuying) ( 林淑英 ) , aged 50, is an engineering graduate. She joined the Group as administrator on April 2009 and was appointed as the Executive Director and the compliance officer of the Company on 7 March 2018, responsible for general administration, ensuring the Group's compliance with internal policies and financial control of the Group. She is also a director of a company in the Group.

Save as being the spouse of Mr. Ma, Ms. Lim does not have any relationship with other Directors and senior management.

Mr. Tang Hong Lai ( 陳鴻來 ) , aged 62, joined the Group as operations manager in 2002. He was appointed as the Executive Director on 7 March 2018, primarily responsible for supervising the Group's production, maintenance of production facilities, feedstocks, waste and inventory management.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest ( 袁家樂 ) , aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 August 2018. He is responsible for providing independent judgement to the Board, ensuring legal compliance, safeguarding the Group's assets and reputation and enhancing shareholders' value. Mr. Yuen has over 30 years of experience in corporate law, civil litigation and conveyancing. He has been a partner in Messrs. Yuen &amp; Partners since August 1997.

Mr. Yuen has been the director of China Metro-Rural Holdings Limited since 1 September 2010, the shares of which was listed on the New York Stock Exchange market and was subsequently delisted on 18 August 2016. He was also the independent non-executive Director of Man Sang International Limited (stock code: 938), the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from August 1997 to October 2004 and the director of China Digital Culture (Group) Limited (formerly known as KanHan Technologies Group Limited) (stock code: 8175), the shares of which were listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange from July 2002 to May 2005.

Mr. Yuen graduated from University of Toronto, Canada with a bachelor's degree in Commerce on 21 November 1985. Mr. Yuen was admitted as a Solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong on 28 March 1992.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (Continued)

Mr. Sneddon Donald William ( 邵廷文 ) ,  aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 15 August 2018. He is responsible for providing independent judgement to the Board, ensuring legal compliance, safeguarding the Group's assets and reputation and enhancing shareholders' value.

Mr. Sneddon has over 35 years of experience in audit, management and compliance. He joined Pricewaterhouse in Calgary in September 1985 and left as a assistant manager in September 1989. He then joined Pricewaterhouse in Hong Kong as an audit supervisor in September 1989 and became an audit manager from July 1990 to November 1991. Thereafter, he joined The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. in January 1992 and left as a supervising auditor in July 1995. In September 1995, he joined Citibank, N.A. and left as a business risk and compliance officer within the North Asia compliance office in September 1998. In September 1998, he joined Bankers Trust, which was later acquired by Deutsche Bank in 1999 as a regional compliance manager in the corporate banking division and left Deutsche Bank as the regional compliance product head in Asia in June 2001. He joined the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority in August 2001 as a senior manager and became a consultant for investment projects from May 2003 to September 2003. He has been a senior consultant in Ho, Sneddon, Chow, C.P.A. Limited since September 2003. Mr. Sneddon joined Super Strong Holdings Limited (stock code: 8262), the shares of which are listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange, as an independent non-executive Director in April 2017.

Mr. Sneddon graduated from the University of Alberta in Canada, with a bachelor's degree in commerce in June 1985. He was admitted as chartered accountant by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Alberta in January 1989.

Mr. Tan Jia Kien ( 陳奕君 ) , aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 4 January 2021. He is responsible for providing independent judgement to the Board, ensuring legal compliance, safeguarding the Group's assets and reputation and enhancing shareholders' value.

Mr. Tan graduated from Kent State University, Ohio (USA) in 1988 with a Bachelor of Science (Computer Science). He has more than over 15 years of experiences in the fields of market entry and business development. Since October 2019, he has been an independent non-executive director of Y Ventures Group Ltd. (stock code: SGX:1F1), the shares of which are listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Stock Exchange. He is currently providing mentorship to selected companies in The Finlab Pte. Ltd.'s new online initiative across Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand. From December 2015 to July 2020, he was the Managing Director of The Finlab Pte. Ltd. He was the Business Development Director of Wong Fong Research and Innovation Centre in 2015. From 2011 to 2015, he served Evolusia LLP as Senior Consultant responsible to help its stakeholder to identify and map out holistic strategies to achieve goals. Prior to that, he was active in Performance Leadership Pte. Ltd. and NTU Ventures Private Limited (now known as Nanyang Technological University - Ntuitive Pte. Ltd.) as Associate Director and Mentor, respectively, to entrepreneurs and aspiring in process and business management. From 2007 to 2009, he was the Vice President (Deposits) and Head of finatiQ.com at Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited ('OCBC'), responsible for strategic and business planning. Before his stint at OCBC, he was one of the founders of SilkRoute Ventures Pte Ltd, one of the pioneering internet companies during the initial dotcom boom.

<!-- image -->

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Garvin Rozario , aged 47, is the Group's chief operating officer. Mr. Rozario joined the Group in August 2021. He is responsible for overseeing the Group's daily operations, administrative policies and functions, managing communication channels, supply chain steps.

Mr. Rozario previously served as military officer in the Singapore Armed Forces (SAF) and has more than 20 years of diverse experience in operational control and strategic planning, before joining the Group. He served in several operational tours such as the Tsunami Humanitarian Aid Disaster Relief (HADR) Ops in Indonesia in 2005, Medical Ops as part such as of ISAF coalition Forces in Afghanistan in 2009 and COVID-19 Frontline Operations@ Singapore Expo in 2020. He obtained MSc in Industrial Systems Engineering from National University of Singapore in November 2011 and MSc in Human Capital Management from Nanyang Technological University in July 2016.

Ms. Yeoh Shi Yi ( 楊詩儀 ) , aged 34, joined the Group in May 2018, and is currently the Group's finance manager. She is primarily responsible for overseeing the financial and accounting functions of the Group.

Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Yeoh was an assurance professional in Reliance Audit LLP, a mid-size public accounting practice based in Singapore. She has more than 10 years of professional experience in financial audits of enterprises from diverse industries. Her experience extends to financial consultancy in initial public offerings of companies, financial due diligence and outsourced internal audit assignments.

Ms. Yeoh has been admitted as a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) since August 2015 and Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants (ISCA) since June 2016.

Mr. Chen Zebin ( 陳澤濱 ) , aged 43, is the Group's farm manager who assists the CEO, Mr. Chen in the production and daily operations of layer farm. Mr. Chen joined the Group in 2009 as an assistant of general manager and was promoted to his current position in 2014.

Mr. Shan GuangLong ( 單廣龍 ) ,  aged 33, joined the Group in 2017, and is the Group's Veterinarian. Mr. Shan is primarily responsible and support the veterinary operation in the layer farm. He provides care for hens, monitors their health conditions throughout their lifespan. He holds a Diploma in Animal and Veterinary Medicine from the Shandong Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Vocational College in China.

## Corporate Governance Report

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company is committed to achieving high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of its shareholders and to enhance corporate value. To accomplish this, the Company has adopted the principles and the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the 'CG Code') set out in Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules then in force in the FY2022. In particular, the Company regards a pre-eminent board of directors, sound internal controls and accountability to all shareholders as the core elements of its corporate governance principles. The Board will review at least annually the corporate governance practices of the Company to ensure its continuous compliance with the CG Code, and make appropriate changes if considered necessary.

Save for the deviation from code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022) as disclosed in the section headed 'Chairman and Chief Executive Officer' of this corporate governance report in this annual report, the Company, to the best knowledge of the Board, has complied with all applicable code provisions throughout the FY2022.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors on terms no less exacting than the required standard of dealings set out in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules. Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors adopted by the Company during the FY2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board oversees the businesses, strategic decisions and performance of the Group and makes decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company and stakeholders.

The Board regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them.

During the FY2022, the chairman of the Board (the 'Chairman'), being the chief executive officer of the Company (the 'Chief Executive Officer'), has held an annual meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the other executive Directors.

## Board Composition

As at 31 March 2022 and the date of this annual report, the Board comprises three executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board during the FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report was as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ma Chin Chew (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Lim Siok Eng Mr. Tang Hong Lai

## Independent non-executive Directors

- Mr.   Sneddon Donald William (Chairman of the Audit Committee, and member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee)
- Mr.   Yuen Ka Lok Ernest (Chairman of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, and member of the Audit Committee)
- Mr.   Tan Jia Kien (Member of each of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee)

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

## Board Composition (Continued)

The biographical information of each of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' on pages 14 to 15 of this annual report. To the best knowledge of the Board, there is no financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship amongst the Directors, except that Ms. Lim Siok Eng is the spouse of Mr. Ma Chin Chew.

Other than the independent non-executive Directors, all executive Directors were appointed on a full-time basis. All Directors are required to comply with their responsibilities as Directors and their common law duties as directors.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022) stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company has not had a separate Chairman and Chief Executive Officer during the FY2022, and both are now held by Mr. Ma Chin Chew ('Mr. Ma'). Mr. Ma, the founder and an Executive Director, has served as the Group's chief executive officer since 2009 and was appointed as Chairman in September 2018. Mr. Ma has been providing leadership to the Board and is responsible for overseeing the daily operations of the Group.

The Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Group to continue to have Mr. Ma acting as the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer for effective and efficient strategic planning and execution of plans for the Group. The Company has put in place a sound check-and-balance mechanism through the Board and the independent non-executive Directors. In light of the above, the Board considers that the deviation from code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022) is appropriate in the circumstances of the Company.

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

During the FY2022, the Company has at all times met the requirements of the Rules 5.05(1), 5.05(2) and 5.05A of the GEM Listing Rules relating to the appointment of three independent non-executive Directors representing more than onethird of the Board and with at least one of whom having appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors of his independence pursuant to the requirements set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Board is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in the GEM Listing Rules for the FY2022.

## Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of two years with automatic renewal for successive terms of one year unless terminated by either party. Either party has the right to give not less than six months' written notice or six months' payments in lieu of notice to terminate the respective service contract.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a specific term of two years.

Save as disclosed aforesaid, none of the Directors has a service agreement or letter of appointment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than the contracts/letters of appointment expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

## Appointment and Re-Election of Directors (Continued)

In compliance with the code provision A.4.2 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022), all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Furthermore, pursuant to article 84 of the articles of association of the Company (the 'Articles'), at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors for the time being, or if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than one-third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of meeting at which he/she retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat.

By virtue of article 84 of the Articles, Ms. Lim Siok Eng and Mr. Sneddon Donald William will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at such meeting.

## Responsibilities of the Directors

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company's affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group's operational and financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The Board considers its current composition to have achieved good diversity in terms of educational background and professional experience.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company's expense, for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board is responsible for decision-making in all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.

## Directors' and Officers' Liabilities

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal actions against the Directors that may arise out of the corporate activities, which is in compliance with the CG Code. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD AND GENERAL MEETINGS

The Board schedules four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals and organises additional meetings as and when required. The Directors can attend meetings in persons or through other means of electronic communication in accordance with the Articles. Notice of at least fourteen days is given of a regular Board meeting to give all Directors an opportunity to attend. For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice time is generally given. Board papers are circulated at least three days (or other agreed period) before the regular Board meetings and/or other Board/ Committees meetings to enable the Directors to make informed decisions on matters to be raised at the Board meetings. The company secretary of the Company (the 'Company Secretary') prepares minutes and/or written resolutions and keeps records of matters discussed and decisions resolved at all Board/Committees meetings. The Company Secretary also keeps the minutes, which are open for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by any Director.

An annual general meeting of the Company was held on 16 September 2021 (the '2021 AGM'). The Company announced the poll results of the 2021 AGM in the manner prescribed under the GEM Listing Rules. The Chairman and respective chairman of Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee have attended the 2021 AGM to ensure effective communication with shareholders.

During the FY2022, four Board meetings and one general meeting were held. The attendance of the respective Directors at the Board meetings and general meeting are set out below:

| Name of Directors  Number of  Board meetings  attended/held  Number of  general meetings  attended/held  Executive Directors  Mr. Ma Chin Chew  (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  4/4  1/1  Ms. Lim Siok Eng  4/4  1/1  Mr. Tang Hong Lai  4/4  1/1  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Sneddon Donald William  4/4  1/1  Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest  4/4  1/1  Mr. Tan Jia Kien  4/4  1/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established, with written terms of reference, three board committees, namely audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee, to oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs. The Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties. All Board committees are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of reference of the Board committees are in line with the GEM Listing Rules and are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company, respectively.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee was established on 15 August 2018 with written terms of reference which are not less exacting than those set out in Rules 5.28 to 5.33 of the GEM Listing Rules and code provision C.3 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision D.3 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022). The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Sneddon Donald William, who serves as the chairman of the Audit Committee, Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest and Mr. Tan Jia Kien. Mr. Sneddon Donald William has the appropriate accounting and financial related management expertise.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are (but without limitation) to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the effectiveness of our Company's financial reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Group to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Group.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

## Audit Committee (Continued)

The Audit Committee held four meetings during the FY2022. The Audit Committee had reviewed the Company's annual financial statements, interim and quarterly reports; reviewed the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and considered these risk and management and internal control systems effective and adequate; met with the independent external auditors and reviewed reports from the independent external auditors regarding their audit on annual financial statements. Details of the attendance of members of the Audit Committee meeting are as follows:

| Name of Members  Number of Attendance/  Number of Meetings  Mr. Sneddon Donald William  (Chairman of the Audit Committee)  4/4  Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest  4/4  Mr. Tan Jia Kien  4/4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee was established on 15 August 2018 with written terms of reference which are not less exacting than those set out in Rules 5.34 to 5.36 of the GEM Listing Rules and code provision B.1 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision E.1 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022). The Remuneration Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest, who serves as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, Mr. Sneddon Donald William and Mr. Tan Jia Kien.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (but without limitation): (i) making recommendations to the Board on the policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policies; (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration package of the Directors and senior management; (iii) reviewing and approving management's remuneration proposals with reference to the Board's corporate goals and objectives.

During the FY2022, one Remuneration Committee meeting was held for, inter alia, reviewing and making recommendations to the Board for considering certain remuneration-related matters of the Directors and senior management. Details of the attendance of members of the Remuneration Committee meeting are as follows:

| Name of Members  Number of Attendance/  Number of Meetings  Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest  (Chairman of Remuneration Committee)  1/1  Mr. Sneddon Donald William  1/1  Mr. Tan Jia Kien  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

## Remuneration Committee (Continued)

## Remuneration Policy for Directors and Senior Management

Each of the Directors will receive a fee which is subject to an annual adjustment at a rate to be reviewed and recommended by the Remuneration Committee and be determined at the discretion of the Board. The Company's policy concerning the remuneration of the Directors is that the amount of remuneration is determined by reference to the relevant Director's experience, responsibilities, workload and the time devoted to the Group. The Group has adopted incentive bonus schemes and continues to maintain these schemes, seeking to align the financial well-being of the Group with that of the employees, and to retain the Directors and staff of high caliber.

Particulars of the Directors' remuneration for the FY2022 are set out in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022), the remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than the Directors) whose particulars are contained in the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report for the FY2022 by band is set out below:

| Remuneration band (in HK$)  Number of individuals  Nil to HK$1,000,000  4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee was established on 15 August 2018 with written terms of reference which are not less exacting than those set out in code provision A.5 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision B.3 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022). The Nomination Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest, who serves as the chairman of the Nomination Committee, Mr. Tan Jia Kien and Mr. Sneddon Donald William.

The primary function of the Nomination Committee includes making recommendations to the Board to fill vacancies on the same, assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and reviewing of the diversity, structure, size and composition of the Board.

During the FY2022, one Nomination Committee meeting was held for, inter alia, reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and board diversity policy. Details of the attendance of members of the Nomination Committee meeting are as follows:

| Name of Members  Number of Attendance/  Number of Meetings  Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest  (Chairman of Nomination Committee)  1/1  Mr. Sneddon Donald William  1/1  Mr. Tan Jia Kien  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued) Nomination Committee (Continued) Board Diversity Policy

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of diversity in the boardroom and has adopted the board diversity policy ('Board Diversity Policy'). The Board Diversity Policy sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board.

The Board has set measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee has primary responsibility for identifying and giving recommendation suitably qualified candidates to become members of the Board. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate Board decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee will review the implementation and effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy annually, and where appropriate, revisions will be made with the approval from the Board.

The Board considers that the current composition of the Board is appropriate for the businesses of the Company. The Board will review its composition from time to time taking into consideration of the specific needs for the overall Company and its subsidiaries' businesses.

## Nomination Procedures, Process and Criteria

The Nomination Committee leads the process and makes recommendations for re-election and appointment to the Board, whether as additional appointment or to fill up the casual vacancy of directorship as and when they arise, in light of the challenges and opportunities facing by the Group, as well as the business development and requirements of the Group. In evaluating and selecting candidate(s) for directorship, the Nomination Committee considers the merit and contribution that the candidate(s) will bring to the Board, having due regard for the election criteria set out in the Nomination Policy including, inter alia, the character and integrity; the accomplishment and experience; the commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; the cultural and educational background, the gender, qualification, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service; the benefits of diversity on the existing Board as well as the independence of the candidates (for independent non-executive Director). The Nomination Committee makes recommendation to the Board to appoint the appropriate person among the candidates nominated for directorship. Suitable candidate(s) shall be appointed by the Board in accordance with the Articles and the GEM Listing Rules.

## CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

According to the code provision A.6.5 of the CG Code (which has been renumbered as code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2022), all directors shall participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the FY2022, the Group has arranged training in relation to updates on the GEM Listing Rules and the ESG reporting guidance for the Directors. All existing Director, namely, Mr. Ma Chin Chew, Ms. Lim Siok Eng, Mr. Tang Hong Lai, Mr. Sneddon Donald William, Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest and Mr. Tan Jia Kien have received such training. The Group continuously updates the Directors on the latest developments regarding the GEM Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

<!-- image -->

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Directors' and Auditor's Responsibilities for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for each financial period. The Directors continue to adopt the going concern approach in preparing the consolidated financial statements and are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The responsibilities of Mazars LLP in Singapore, the external auditor of the Company ('Auditor'), are set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 36 to 40 in this annual report.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid or payable to the Auditor in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the Group was as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Statutory audit services  155  270  Non-audit services  - Reporting of factual findings in connection with  HKICPA Practice Note 730  -  1  155  271   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the Group's risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their effectiveness at least annually.

As a part of the Group's risk management and internal control systems, appropriate policies and controls have been designed and established by the Group to ensure that assets are safeguarded against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting requirements, and key risks that may impact on the Group's performance are appropriately identified and managed.

However, the risk management and internal control systems can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.

The Group has adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks. The operating units of the Group, as the first line of defense, identify, evaluate, mitigate and monitor the risks, and report such risk management activities to the Group's management on a regularly basis. The Group's management, as the second line of defense, provides support to the operating units and ensures that the significant risks are properly managed and within the acceptable range and reports the situation to the Board at each regularly scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee assists the Board, as the final line of defense, conducts an annual review of the overall effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

During the FY2022, the management had outsourced its internal audit function to an independent internal audit firm ('Internal Auditor'). The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Audit Committee on all internal audit matters. The internal audit plan was submitted to the Audit Committee for approval prior to the commencement of the internal audit work. The Audit Committee reviewed the internal audit report and monitored the implementation of the improvements required on internal control weaknesses identified.

The Board has, through the management and the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the FY2022. Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by appointed Internal Auditor, the reviews performed by the management and the Audit Committee, the Board, with the concurrence of the Audit Committee, is of the opinion that the risk management and internal control systems were adequate and effective.

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Board acknowledges its responsibilities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong and the GEM Listing Rules that any inside information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The Group has established appropriate procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information. The Company regulates the handling and dissemination of inside information as set out in the Group's policy, which has covered the related disclosure requirement under the GEM Listing Rules as well as the 'Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information' published by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong in June 2012 to ensure inside information remains confidential until the disclosure of such information is appropriately approved, and the dissemination of such information is efficiently and consistently made.

## COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the Group's business performance and strategies. The Board is committed to provide clear, detailed, timely manner and on a regular basis, information of the Group to shareholders through the publication of quarterly, interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circular, notices, and other announcements.

The general meetings of the Company provide a forum for communication between the Board and shareholders. The Chairman and other members of the respective committees are available to answer questions at the general meeting of shareholders. The Company recognises the importance of maintaining on-going communications with shareholders and encourages them to attend general meetings to stay informed of the Group's businesses and convey any concerns they may have to the Directors and senior management.

The Company maintains a website at www.eggriculturefoods.com where extensive information and updates on the Company's financial information, corporate governance practices and other useful information are posted and available for access by the public investors.

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting and to put forward proposal at general meetings

Pursuant to article 58 of the Articles, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary general meeting. Extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company Secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within 2 months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Article 85 of the Articles provides that no person other than a retiring Director, shall, unless recommended by the Board for election, be eligible for election to the office of Director at any general meeting, unless notice in writing of the intention to propose that person for election as a Director and notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall have been lodged at the head office or at the registration office. The period for lodgment of the notices required under this Article will commence no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and end no later than 7 days prior to the date of such general meeting and the minimum length of the period during which such notices to the Company may be given will be at least 7 days. The written notice must state that person's biographical details as required by Rule 17.50(2) of the GEM Listing Rules. The procedures for shareholders of the Company to propose a person for election as director is posted on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

## Shareholders' Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing them to the Company Secretary by mail to the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong. The Company Secretary forwards communications relating to matters within the Board's purview to the Board and communications relating to ordinary business matters, such as suggestions, inquiries and complaints, to the Chief Executive Officer. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company engages Mr. Ching Kim Fung, a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an associate member of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries, as Company Secretary who supports the Board by ensuring good information inflow within the Board and that board policy and procedures are followed. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary on corporate governance and board practices and matters. For the FY2022, Mr. Ching Kim Fung has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Ms. Lim Siok Eng was appointed as the compliance officer of the Company on 7 March 2018. Please refer to the Section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' on page 14 for her biographical information.

## MANAGEMENT FUNCTIONS

The management, under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for implementing the strategies and plans established by the Board and reporting on the Company's operations to the Board on a regular basis to ensure effective performance of the Board's responsibilities. The management has an obligation to supply the Directors with adequate information in a timely manner to enable the Directors to perform their responsibilities.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There was no change in the constitutional documents of the Company during the FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## Report of the Directors

The Board of the Company is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the FY2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production and sale of fresh eggs and processed egg products in Singapore.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Further discussion and analysis of the activities of the Group in the FY2022, and an indication of likely future developments in the Group's business as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance, Chapter 622, can be found in the sections headed 'Chairman's Statement' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' of this annual report. Those discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.

## RESULT AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the FY2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend to shareholders of the Company for the FY2022.

The Company intends to strike a balance between maintaining sufficient capital to grow the business and rewarding the shareholders of the Company. The Board has adopted a dividend policy, which will be reviewed by the Board from time to time, pursuant to which in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, the following factors:

- the Group's actual and expected financial results;
- the Group's retained earnings and distributable reserves;
- the Group's results of operation and cash flows;
- the level of debts to equity ratio and return on equity of the Group;
- Shareholders' interests;
- general business conditions and strategies;
- the Group's capital requirements;
- contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends by the Company to Shareholders or by the Group's subsidiaries to the Company;
- taxation considerations;
- possible effects on the Group's creditworthiness;
- general economic conditions;
- other internal and external factors;
- statutory and regulatory restrictions; and
- any other factors the Board may deem relevant.

The above factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Board has the discretion to determine, as it considers appropriate.

<!-- image -->

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

As the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company ('AGM') will be held on 15 September 2022 (Thursday), the register of members of the Company will be closed from 9 September 2022 to 15 September 2022 (both days inclusive) for the said AGM or any adjournment thereof. All transfer of the Company's shares together with the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's branch share registrar and transfer office no later than 4:30 p.m. on 8 September 2022 in order to qualify for the right to attend and vote at the meeting (or any adjournment thereof). The share registrar and transfer office is at:

Address: Tricor Investor Services Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the five financial years ended 31 March 2022 are set out on page 100 in this annual report.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements of the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the FY2022 are set out in Note 15 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group values the importance of protecting the environment in its process of operation. The Group has complied with the laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and adopted effective measures to achieve efficient use of resources and energy saving. The Group is committed to ensuring that the Group's operation is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As far as the Directors are aware of, the Group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 are set out in Note 28 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

The Company's total issued share capital as at 31 March 2022 was 500,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each. Details of share capital of the Company during the FY2022 are set out in Note 24 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

A remuneration committee is set up for reviewing the Group's emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group. The remuneration of the Directors is determined with reference to the economic situation, the market condition, the responsibilities and duties assumed by each Director as well as their individual performance.

Details of the Directors' remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME

Details of the Group's retirement benefit scheme are set out in Note 9 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group in the FY2022 are set out in Note 25 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

As at 31 March 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution to the shareholders were approximately S$12.7 million. Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the share premium of the Company is available for paying distributions or dividends to shareholders subject to the provisions of its Articles and provided that immediately following the distribution or dividend payment, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with the Articles, dividends shall be distributed out of the retained earnings, including the share premium, of the Company.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company during the FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Ma Chin Chew (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Lim Siok Eng (Compliance Officer) Mr. Tang Hong Lai

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yuen Ka Lok Ernest Mr. Sneddon Donald William Mr. Tan Jia Kien

There is no significant change to the information of the Directors of the Company during their tenure required to be disclosed under Rule 17.50A(1) of the GEM Listing Rules.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

An annual confirmation of independence pursuant to the requirements under Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules has been received from each of the INEDs.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on in the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' in this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY

In the FY2022, the Company has arranged Directors' and officers' liability insurance for all Directors and senior management of the Company. The insurance covers the corresponding costs, charges, expenses and liabilities for legal action of corporate activities against them.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group during FY2022 or existed at the end of FY2022.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTEREST AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND/OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As at 31 March 2022, the interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meanings of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Law of Hong Kong) (the 'SFO')) held by the Directors and chief executive of the Company which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests of short positions which any such Director or chief executive is taken or deemed to have under such provision of the SFO) or have been entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.45 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, were as follows:

## Long positions in shares of the Company

| Name of the Directors  Capacity/Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares Held (1)  Approximate  Percentage  Mr. Ma Chin Chew (2)  Interest of controlled corporation  294,800,000 (L)  58.96%  Ms. Lim Siok Eng (1)  Interest of spouse  294,800,000 (L)  58.96%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) The letter 'L' denotes a person's long position (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in the shares.

(2) Radiant Grand International Limited is held as to 100% by Mr. Ma. Therefore, Mr. Ma is deemed to be interested in the shares which Radiant Grand International Limited is interested in by virtue of the SFO. Ms. Lim Siok Eng is the spouse of Mr. Ma. Under the SFO, Ms. Lim Siok Eng is deemed to be interested in the shares of the Company held by Mr. Ma through Radiant Grand International Limited.

Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this annual report, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which was required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 31 March 2022, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:

## Long positions in shares of the Company

| Name  Capacity/Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares Held (1)  Approximate  Percentage  Radiant Grand International Limited (2)  Beneficial owner  294,800,000 (L)  58.96%  Elite Ocean Ventures Limited (3)  Beneficial owner  80,200,000 (L)  16.04%  Mr. Lim Joo Boon (3)  Interest of controlled corporation  80,200,000 (L)  16.04%  Ms. Tan Bee Hong (4)  Interest of spouse  80,200,000 (L)  16.04%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) The letter 'L' denotes a person's long position (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in the shares.

- (2) Radiant Grand International Limited is held as to 100% by Mr. Ma. Therefore, Mr. Ma is deemed to be interested in the shares which Radiant Grand International Limited is interested in by virtue of the SFO.
- (3) Elite Ocean Ventures Limited is held as to 100% by Mr. Lim Joo Boon. Therefore, Mr. Lim is deemed to be interested in the shares which Elite Ocean Ventures Limited is interested in by virtue of the SFO.

(4) Ms. Tan Bee Hong is the spouse of Mr. Lim Joo Boon. Under the SFO, Ms. Tan Bee Hong is deemed to be interested in the shares of the Company held by Mr. Lim Joo Boon through Elite Ocean Ventures Limited.

Save as disclosed above, as at the date of this annual report, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which were acquired to be notified to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or were recorded in the register to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

<!-- image -->

## KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## Employees

The Group recognises employees as our valuable assets. The Group provide competitive remuneration package to attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group have also adopted an annual review system to assess the performance of staff, which forms the basis of our decisions with respect to salary raises and promotions.

## Customers

We have established long-term business relationships with some of customers for over 10 years. The Group's sales and marketing team maintains contacts with these customers on a regular basis to understand their needs and to provide support to their business. The credit terms granted to the Group's major customers are in line with those granted to the Group's other customers. For a detailed discussion of the credit terms granted to the Group's customers, and the recoverability and the concentration of credit risk of the Group's trade receivables, please refer to Notes 3 and 20 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements respectively.

## Suppliers

The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers to meet customers' needs in an effective and efficient manner. The Group communicate with suppliers regularly to ensure that they are committed to delivering high-quality and sustainable products and services. We select suppliers from our pre-approved list of suppliers. The Group is committed to establishing close and long-term cooperation relationships with its business partners.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In the year under review, sales to the Group's five largest customers accounted for approximately 25% of the total sales for the year and sales to the largest customer included therein amounted to approximately 10%. Purchases from the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 63% of the total purchases for the year and purchase from the largest supplier included therein amounted to approximately 22%. None of the Directors or any of their associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## DIRECTORS' MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY'S BUSINESS

No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company's subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the FY2022 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective associates, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the FY2022, the Group had no transactions which need to be disclosed as connected transactions in accordance with the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules.

## COMPETING BUSINESS AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS

As at the date of report, none of the Directors, substantial shareholders of the Company and any of their respective associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) has engaged in any business that competes or may compete, either directly, or indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other conflict of interests with the Group.

## DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

As disclosed in the section headed 'Relationship with Controlling Shareholders - Non-Competition undertakings' in the Prospectus, the controlling shareholders of the Company have entered into a deed of non-competition dated 15 August 2018, which contains certain non-compete undertakings (the 'Non-Compete Undertakings') in favour of the Company (for itself and as trustee for each member of the Group).

Pursuant to these Non-Compete Undertakings, the controlling shareholders of the Company have unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken to the Company (for itself/himself and for the benefits of members of our Group) that it/he would not, and would procure that its/his close associates (other than any members of our Group) would not, directly or indirectly, either on its/his own account or in conjunction with or on behalf of any person, firm or company, among other things, carry on, participate or be interested or engaged in or acquire or hold (in each case whether as a shareholder, director, partner, agent, employee, or otherwise, and whether for profit, reward or otherwise) any activity or business which is or may be in competition, directly or indirectly, with the business carried on or contemplated to be carried on by any member of our Group from time to time.

The Company has received written confirmation from each of the controlling shareholders of the Company which confirmed that he/it has complied with the Deed of Non-Competition for the FY2022.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's securities during the FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE (THE 'CODE')

Details of the corporate governance practice adopted by the Company are set out on pages 17 to 26 of this annual report.

<!-- image -->

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has conditionally adopted a share option scheme (the 'Scheme') on 15 August 2018, the principal terms of which are set out in the Appendix V to the Prospectus. The terms of the Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 23 of the GEM Listing Rules.

For the FY2022, no share option was granted, exercised, expired or lapsed or cancelled and there is no outstanding share option under the Scheme.

- (1) The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is a share incentive scheme and is established to recognise and acknowledge the contributions of the eligible participant (as defined in paragraph (b) below) have had or may have made to our Group.
- (2) Eligible participant includes (i) any Directors (including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors) and any employee (whether full time or part time) of the Group; (ii) any advisers, consultants, suppliers, customers and agents to our Group; and (iii) any other person, who at the sole discretion of the Board, has contributed to the Group.
- (3) The total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under this Scheme and any other share option schemes shall not in aggregate exceed 50,000,000 shares, being 10% of the total number of shares in issue.
- (4) Unless there is prior approval from the Company's shareholders, the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each eligible participant (including both exercise and outstanding options under the Scheme) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued shares. Where any further grant of options to an eligible participant would result in excess of such limit, such further grant must be subject to the approval of the Company's shareholders at general meeting with such eligible participant and his close associates abstaining from voting.
- (5) Upon acceptance of an option to subscribe for shares granted pursuant to the Scheme, the eligible participant shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company by way of consideration for the grant. To the extent that the offer to grant an option is not accepted by any prescribed acceptance date, it shall be deemed to have been irrevocably declined.
- (6) Options may be exercised at any time during a period commencing on or after the date on which the option is accepted and granted and expiring on a date to be notified by the Board to each grantee which shall not be more than 10 years from the date on which the option is accepted and granted.
- (7) The subscription price shall be such price as determined on the date of grant by the Board, and shall be at least the highest of: (a) the closing price per share as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet on the offer date; (b) the average of the closing prices per share as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (c) the nominal value of the share.
- (8) The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from the date of adoption, after which no further options will be offered or granted but the provisions of the Scheme shall remain in full force and effect in all other aspects with respect to options granted during the life of the Share Option Scheme.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

To the best knowledge of the Directors and based on information that is publicly available to the Company, at least 25% of the Company's issued share capital were held by the public as at the date of this annual report.

## AUDITOR

Mazars LLP in Singapore was appointed as auditors of the Company with effect from 5 January 2022 to fill the causal vacancy arising from the resignation of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in Singapore. Save as disclosed above, there have been no change of auditors of the Company for the past three years.

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 were audited by Mazars LLP in Singapore, who shall retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the AGM. A resolution for the re-appointment of Mazar LLP in Singapore as auditors of the Company will be proposed at the AGM.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee has discussed and reviewed the annual report for the FY2022, and is of the opinion that such results complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the GEM Listing Rules and other applicable legal requirements, and that adequate disclosures has been made.

On behalf of the Board

Eggriculture Foods Ltd. Mr. Ma Chin Chew Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Singapore, 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## Independent Auditor's Report

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF EGGRICULTURE FOODS LTD.

(INCORPORATED IN CAYMAN ISLANDS WITH LIMITED LIABILITY)

## OUR OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Eggriculture Foods Ltd. (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 41 to 99, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ('ISA'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants ('IESBA Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis of our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTER

Key audit matter is that matter, in our professional judgement, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current financial year. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.

| Key Audit Matter  Our audit response  Valuation of biological assets  Our audit procedures include, and are not limited to, the following:   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer to Note 14 of the consolidation financial statements.

As at 31 March 2022, the fair value of the Group's biological assets amounts to S$7.9 million, accounting for 10.85% of the Group's total assets.

The value of biological assets is measured at fair value less costs to sell. The fair value is derived based on the discounted cash flow of the underlying biological assets which requires estimates for market price of the agriculture produce, purchase price of immature hens, mortality rate and expenses incurred to bring these hens to maturity when commercial egg production commences.

- Assessed the competence, capabilities, and objectivity of the professional valuer engaged by the Group;
- Validated, on a sample basis, the accuracy of underlying financial information provided by management to the valuer;
- Engaged valuation specialist to independently assess the appropriateness of valuation methodologies and selected valuation assumptions adopted for the underlying valuation; and
- Assessed the appropriateness of the presentation and disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.

We focused on this area due to the significant judgement and estimation uncertainties included in the valuation of the biological assets.

<!-- image -->

## OTHER MATTER

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 March 2021 were audited by another firm of auditors who expressed an unmodified opinion on those statements on 22 June 2021.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and the independent auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISA will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISA, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine that matter was that of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe this matter in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Lai Keng Wei.

## MAZARS LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore 135 Cecil Street #10-01, Singapore 069536 22 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Biological assets  14  4,173  4,204  Property, plant and equipment  15  31,086  21,576  Intangible assets  17  1,199  1,429  Investments in insurance contracts  18  2,265  2,211  Other receivables  20  1,943  2,994  40,666  32,414  Current assets  Biological assets  14  3,737  2,896  Inventories  19  2,965  3,080  Trade and other receivables  20  15,348  9,447  Cash and cash equivalents  21  10,069  10,875  32,119  26,298  Total assets  72,785  58,712  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Other payables  22  -  76  Lease liabilities  16  475  839  Bank borrowings  23  16,567  8,408  Deferred income tax liabilities  11  1,130  1,210  18,172  10,533  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  22  8,904  4,667  Deferred grant income  909  4,501  Current income tax liabilities  591  979  Lease liabilities  16  612  777  Bank borrowings  23  5,821  3,012  16,837  13,936  Total liabilities  35,009  24,469  NET ASSETS  37,776  34,243   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  EQUITY  Share capital  24  890  890  Share premium  25(a)  8,544  8,544  Other reserve  25(b)  9,767  9,767  Retained earnings  18,575  15,042  Total equity  37,776  34,243   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 41 to 99 were approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 22 June 2022 and were signed on its behalf:

| Ma Chin Chew Director  Lim Siok Eng Director   |
|------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 47 to 99 are an integral of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Results  before  biological  assets and  agricultural  produce  fair value  adjustments  Biological  assets and  agricultural  produce  fair value  adjustments  Total  Results  before  biological  assets and  agricultural  produce  fair value  adjustments  Biological  assets and  agricultural  produce  fair value  adjustments  Total  Note  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  5  67,058  -  67,058  52,453  -  52,453  Cost of sales  8  (53,996)  (10,898)  (64,894)  (38,739)  (13,318)  (52,057)  Gross profit  13,062  (10,898)  2,164  13,714  (13,318)  396  Other income  - Interest  6  39  -  39  54  -  54  - Others  6  693  -  693  1,961  -  1,961  - Insurance claim  6  877  -  877  -  -  -  Other gains/(losses) - net  - Reversal of impairment loss/  impairment loss on  financial assets  7  -  7  (6)  -  (6)  - Others  7  (2)  -  (2)  (120)  -  (120)  Write-off of biological assets  14  -  (864)  (864)  -  -  -  Gain arising from initial recognition  of agricultural produce at fair value  less estimated costs to sell at  point of harvest  -  10,931  10,931  -  13,372  13,372  Gain arising from changes in fair  value of biological assets less  estimated costs to sell  14  -  1,746  1,746  -  3,073  3,073  Selling and distribution expense  8  (6,264)  -  (6,264)  (5,386)  -  (5,386)  Administrative expenses  8  (5,066)  -  (5,066)  (4,472)  -  (4,472)  Finance costs  10  (475)  -  (475)  (361)  -  (361)  Profit before income tax  2,871  915  3,786  5,384  3,127  8,511  Income tax expense  11  (253)  -  (253)  (1,049)  -  (1,049)  Profit after tax and total  comprehensive income for the  year attributable to equity holders  of the Company  2,618  915  3,533  4,335  3,127  7,462  Earnings per share ('EPS') for profit  attributable to equity holders of  the Company for the year:  - Basic and diluted (S$ - in cents)  12  0.71  1.49   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 47 to 99 are an integral of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  Equity  (Note 24)  (Note 25(a))  (Note 25(b))  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 31 March 2020 and  1 April 2020  890  8,544  9,767  7,580  26,781  Profit for the year and total  comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  7,462  7,462  At 31 March 2021 and  1 April 2021  890  8,544  9,767  15,042  34,243  Profit for the year and total  comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  3,533  3,533  At 31 March 2022  890  8,544  9,767  18,575  37,776   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 47 to 99 are an integral of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Profit for the year  3,533  7,462  Adjustments for:  - Income tax expense  11  253  1,049  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  15  2,848  2,853  - Amortisation of intangible assets  17  270  204  - Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  7  10  18  - Write-off of biological assets  14  864  -  - (Reversal of impairment loss)/Impairment  loss on financial assets  (7)  6  - Gain arising from initial recognition of agriculture  produce at fair value less estimated costs to sell  at point of harvest - unrealised  (144)  (111)  - Gain arising from changes in fair value of biological  assets less estimated costs to sell  14  (1,746)  (3,073)  - Interest income  6  (39)  (54)  - Finance expenses  10  475  361  - Unrealised currency translation (gains)/losses  (5)  31  - Gain on investments in insurance contracts  18  (43)  (41)  6,269  8,705  Changes in working capital:  - Inventories  259  (1,328)  - Trade and other receivables  (5,192)  732  - Trade and other payables  4,161  (1,402)  Cash generated from operations  5,497  6,707  Income tax paid  (721)  (673)  Net cash provided by operating activities  4,776  6,034  Cash flows from investing activities  Additions to property, plant and equipment  15  (14,140)  (6,780)  Additions to intangible assets  17  (40)  (192)  Acquisition of businesses  29  -  (725)  Additions to biological assets  14  (462)  (341)  Proceeds from sale of biological assets  14  534  584  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  15  33  46  Grants received relating to assets under construction  909  4,501  Prepayment for property, plant and equipment  (2,071)  (2,975)  Interest received  6  39  54  Net cash used in investing activities  (15,198)  (5,828)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 47 to 99 are an integral of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from bank borrowings  15,490  7,000  Repayment of bank borrowings  (4,528)  (3,811)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (840)  (1,102)  Interest paid  10  (506)  (429)  Net cash provided by financing activities  9,616  1,658  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash  equivalents  (806)  1,864  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  10,875  9,011  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  21  10,069  10,875   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 47 to 99 are an integral of these consolidated financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1.  GENERAL INFORMATION, REORGANISATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

## 1.1 General information

Eggriculture Foods Ltd. (the 'Company') was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 12 February 2018 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of its registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is Unit 1104, 11/F., Keybond Commercial Building, 38 Ferry Street, Jordan, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production and sale of fresh eggs and processed egg products in Singapore. The immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company is Radiant Grand International Limited ('Radiant Grand'), a company which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. The ultimate controlling party of the Group is Mr. Ma Chin Chew ('Mr. Ma'). The shares of the Company are listed on the GEM (the 'Listing') of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 7 September 2018.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Singapore Dollars ('S$') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the 'IASB') and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of biological assets and agricultural produce. The investments in insurance contracts are subsequently stated at the cash surrender value.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.1.  Basis of preparation (Continued)

In the current year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised IFRSs that are relevant to its operations and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021. The adoption of these new or revised IFRSs did not result in changes to the Group's accounting policies, and has no material effect on the current or prior year's consolidated financial statements and is not expected to have a material effect on future periods.

## IFRSs issued but not yet effective

At the date of authorisation of these statements, the following new/revised IFRSs that are relevant to the Group were issued but not yet effective:

| IFRSs  Title  Effective date  (annual periods  beginning on  or after)  IFRS 10, IAS 28  Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution  of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint  Venture  To be determined  IAS 1  Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of Liabilities as Current  or Non-current  1 January 2023  IFRS 3  Amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual  Framework  1 January 2022  IAS 12  Amendments to IAS 12: Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  IAS 16  Amendments to IAS 16: Property, Plant and Equipment -  Proceeds before Intended Use  1 January 2022  IAS 37  Amendments to IAS 37: Onerous Contracts - Cost of  Fulfilling a Contract  1 January 2022  IAS 8  Amendments to IAS 8: Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Various  Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020  1 January 2022  Various  Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  IFRS 17  Insurance contracts  1 January 2023  IFRS 17, IFRS 9  Amendments to Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 -  Comparative Information  1 January 2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consequential amendments were also made to various standards as a result of these new/revised standards.

The Group does not intend to early adopt any of the above new/revised standards, interpretations and amendments to the existing standards. Management anticipates that the adoption of the aforementioned revised/new standards will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group in the period of their initial adoption.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.2 Changes in accounting policies

The Group had early adopted Amendments to IFRS 16 COVID-19-related Rent Concessions retrospectively from 1 April 2020. The amendment provides an optional practical expedient allowing lessees to elect not to assess whether a rent concession related to COVID-19 is a lease modification. Lessees adopting this election may account for qualifying rent concessions in the same way as they would if they were not lease modifications. The practical expedient only applies to rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and only if all of the following conditions are met:

- a) the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- b) any reduction in lease payments affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2021; and
- c) there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

The Group had applied the practical expedient to all qualifying COVID-19-related Rent Concessions. Rent concessions totalling S$51,000 have been accounted for as negative variable lease payments and recognised in other income in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2021. There is no impact on the opening balance of equity at 1 April 2020.

## 2.3 Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries are all entities (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

## (a) Business combinations

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Subsidiaries (Continued)

## (a) Business combinations (Continued)

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previously held equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is recognised separately as intangible assets and carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held equity interest measured is less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss.

Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated. When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group's accounting policies.

## (b) Separate financial statements

Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee's net assets including goodwill.

## 2.4 Revenue recognition

## (a) Sales of fresh eggs and other egg-related products

Revenue from the sales of fresh eggs and other egg-related products represent the invoiced value, net of value-added tax, rebates and discounts. Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at a point in time when control of the goods has transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the goods to the customer. Delivery occurs when the goods have been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted the goods in accordance with the sales contracts. In determine the transaction price, the Group refer it back to sales contracts. No significant element of financing is deemed present as the sales are typically made with a credit term of within 60 days, which is consistent with market practice.

A receivable (financial asset) is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before payment is due.

## (b) Interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.5 Government grants

Grants from the government are recognised as a receivable at their fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all the attached conditions.

Government grants receivable are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic basis. Government grants relating to expenses are shown separately as other income.

Government grants relating to assets are deducted against the carrying amount of the assets.

## 2.6 Biological assets

Biological assets represent laying hen stocks held for production of eggs and they include immature and matured hens. A hen is considered mature when it starts producing eggs. Non-current biological assets refer to hens which are expected to produce eggs for more than twelve months from the period end date, while current biological assets refer to hens which are expected to produce eggs for less than twelve months from the period end date.

These assets are stated at fair value less estimated costs to sell such as transaction costs. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair values are recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year in which they arise. The determination of fair value is based on the discounted cash flow of the underlying biological assets.

The expected cash flow from the biological assets is determined based on the expected market price and the estimated yield of the agricultural produce, being fresh eggs, mortality rate, estimated egg laying period, selling price of mature hens, and expenses incurred to bring these hens to maturity when commercial egg production commences. The agricultural produce is measured at its fair value less estimated costs to sell and transferred to inventories at these values when harvested.

Finance charges are not capitalised. All expenses incurred, including vaccines and medicines, in maintaining the immature and matured hens are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Proceeds from the sale of mature hens are recognised as a deduction to the carrying amount of the biological assets.

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment initially recognised includes its purchase price and any cost that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Cost also includes borrowing costs (refer to Note 2.9 on borrowing costs).

Assets under construction represent chicken egg laying facilities and quail egg farm under development which is stated at cost less any accumulated impairments losses, and is not depreciated.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

Depreciation on items of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their depreciable amounts over their estimated useful lives as follows:

| Useful lives  Leasehold buildings and improvements  Over the shorter of  the lease terms or  useful lives  of 5 to 10 years  Leasehold land  Over the shorter of  the lease terms  Plant and machinery  5 to 10 years  Equipment and furniture  5 to 10 years  Motor vehicles  5 to 10 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated useful lives and depreciation method of property, plant and equipment are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each reporting period. The effects of any revision are recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income when the changes arise.

Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment that has already been recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when incurred.

On disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment, the difference between the disposal proceeds and its carrying amount is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within 'Other gains/ (losses) - net'.

## 2.8 Intangible assets

## (a) Goodwill

Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the goodwill arose.

## (b) Customer relationship

Customer relationship acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. They have a finite useful life and are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.

Management assesses that the Group's products are common food and that the nature of this industry is relatively stable. With the Group's ability to ensure stability of products supply, in view of the long-term relationship with its customers and historical attrition rate of the business, the useful lives of the customer relationship is estimated to be 5 years by the management.

Customer relationship recognised as assets are amortised using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 5 years.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.8 Intangible assets (Continued)

## (c) Acquired computer software

Acquired computer software are initially capitalised at cost which includes the purchase prices (net of any discounts and rebates) and other directly attributable costs of preparing the asset for its intended use. Direct expenditures including employee costs, which enhance or extend the performance of computer software beyond its specifications and which can be reliably measured, are added to the original cost of the software. Costs associated with maintaining the computer software are expensed off when incurred.

Computer software are subsequently carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. These costs are amortised to profit or loss using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of 5 years.

The amortisation period and amortisation method of intangible assets other than goodwill are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. The effects of any revision are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise.

## 2.9 Borrowing costs

General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the construction of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use. Borrowing costs on general borrowings are capitalised by applying a capitalisation rate to construction expenditures that are financed by general borrowings.

Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.10 Impairment of non-financial assets

Goodwill are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any objective evidence or indication that these assets may be impaired.

For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less costs to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets. If this is the case, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash generating unit ('CGU') to which the asset belongs.

If the recoverable amount of the asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. The difference between the carrying amount and recoverable amount is recognised as an impairment loss in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

An impairment loss for an asset other than goodwill is reversed if, and only if, there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The carrying amount of this asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any accumulated amortisation or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of impairment loss for an asset is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.11 Financial assets

## (a) Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets as those to be measured at amortised cost.

The classification depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows of the financial asset.

The Group reclassifies debt instruments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

## At initial recognition

At initial recognition, financial asset at amortised cost are measured at transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

## At subsequent measurement

## Debt instruments

Debt instruments mainly comprise of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables.

Debt instruments that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. A gain or loss on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at amortised cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is included in interest income using the effective interest rate method.

## (b)  Impairment

The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt financial assets carried at amortised cost.

For trade receivables, the Group applied the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

For cash and cash equivalents, deposits and other receivables, the general 3-stage approach is applied. Credit loss allowance is based on 12-month expected credit loss if there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the assets. If there is a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, lifetime expected credit loss will be calculated and recognised.

Note 3 details how the Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.11 Financial assets (Continued)

## (c) Recognition and derecognition

Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade date - the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

## 2.12 Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or its subsidiaries, or the counterparty.

## 2.13 Borrowings

Borrowings are presented as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the end of reporting period, in which case they are presented as non-current liabilities.

Borrowings are initially recognised at their fair values (net of transaction costs) and subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and their redemption values is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

Borrowings are derecognised when the obligation is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.14 Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year which are unpaid. They are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). Otherwise, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value, and subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

## 2.15 Leases

## When Group is the lessee

Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.

Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. For lease of storage buildings for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable,
- variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date.

Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease.

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

- where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received, and
- makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.15 Leases (Continued)

## When Group is the lessee (Continued)

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received, and
- any initial direct costs.

Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Right-of-use assets are presented within 'Property, plant and equipment'.

## When Group is the lessor - subleases

In classifying a sublease, the Group as an intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance or an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, rather than the underlying asset.

When the sublease is assessed as a finance lease, the Group derecognises the right-of-use asset relating to the head lease that it transfers to the sublessee and recognised the net investment in the sub-lease within 'Trade and other receivables'. Any differences between the right-of-use asset derecognised and the net investment in sub-lease is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Lease liability relating to the head lease is retained in the consolidated statement of financial position, which represents the lease payments owed to the head lessor.

## 2.16 Inventories

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.

Fresh eggs are agricultural produce harvested from the Group's biological assets. Upon harvest, agricultural produce are initially recognised at their fair values less costs to sell at the point of harvest. Any gain or loss arising on initial recognition of such fair values (i.e. the difference between the fair values less costs to sell of the agricultural produce at the point of harvest and the breeding costs incurred to bring such agricultural produce to harvest) is recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the period of harvest. Agricultural produce is then transferred to inventories and are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Upon subsequent sales, such amount of the inventories initially recognised is charged to the cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.17 Income taxes

Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

## (a) Current income tax

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the financial year-end in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## (b) Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes. However, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or a liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the financial year-end and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

## (c) Offsetting

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

## 2.18 Employee compensation

Employee benefits are recognised as an expense, unless the cost qualifies to be capitalised as an asset.

## (a) Defined contribution plans

Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid.

## (b) Employee leave entitlement

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. An accrual is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to end of reporting year.

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.18 Employee compensation (Continued)

## (c) Bonus plan

The expected cost of bonus payments is recognised as a liability when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities of bonus plan are expected to be settled within twelve months and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

## 2.19 Currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars, which is the functional currency of the Group.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Transactions in a currency other than the functional currency ('foreign currency') are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Currency exchange differences resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the closing rates at the end of financial year are recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within 'finance expenses'. All other foreign exchange gains and losses impacting the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are presented within 'Other gains/(losses) - net'.

## (c) Group companies

The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

- (i) assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate as at financial year end,
- (ii) income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transactions), and
- (iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities, and of borrowings, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.

<!-- image -->

## 2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.20 Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, deposits with financial institutions which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

## 2.21 Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction from the proceeds.

## 2.22 Dividends

Dividends to the Group's shareholders are recognised when the dividends are approved for payment.

## 2.23 Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating-decision maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company who makes strategic decisions.

## 2.24 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

## 2.25 Investments in insurance contracts

The Group acquired two key management insurance contracts, which include both investment and insurance elements. The life insurance contracts are initially recognised at the amount of premium paid, and subsequently measured at each financial year end at its cash surrender value. Changes to the cash surrender value at each financial year end will be recognised in profit or loss as a gain/loss on investment. In the event of death of the insured person, the surrender of the policies, or the policies mature, the investment will be de-recognised and any resulting gains/losses will be recognised in profit or loss. Exchange differences arising from the investments will be recognised as part of 'gain/loss on investments'.

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1 Financial risk factors

The Group's activities expose it to market risk (including currency risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management strategy focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance.

## (a) Market risk

## (i) Currency risk

Currency risk arises when transactions are denominated in a currency that is not the entity's functional currency. The Group's business is mainly exposed to the United States dollar ('USD'), Hong Kong dollar ('HKD') and Euro ('EUR'). The Group monitors exchange rate movements to ensure this risk is kept within an acceptable level. This exposure is not hedged by any financial instruments. As the future exchange rates are uncertain, the sensitivity analysis is prepared based on the assumption of actual changes during the year, with all other variables including tax rate being held constant.

The Group's currency exposure to USD is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets  Cash and bank deposits  (Note 21)  1,017  885  Trade and other receivables  (Note 20)  -  124  1,017  1,009  Financial liabilities  Borrowings  (Note 23)  (1,205)  (1,453)  Trade and other payables  (Note 22)  (462)  (278)  (650)  (722)  Less:  Borrowings designated for insurance contracts  1,205  1,453  Net exposure from financial instruments  555  731   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis of the exposure to USD, after taking into consideration the USD borrowings designated for the investments in insurance contracts are as follows:

As at 31 March 2022, if USD had strengthened/weakened by 1% (2021: 5%) against Singapore dollar ('SGD') with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$5,000 higher/lower (2021: S$30,000 higher/lower), respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the USD-denominated financial assets and insurance contracts.

<!-- image -->

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (a) Market risk (Continued)

## (i) Currency risk (Continued)

The Group's currency exposure to HKD is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets  Cash and bank deposits  (Note 21)  1,984  2,205  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (Note 22)  (17)  (16)  1,967  2,189   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, if HKD had strengthened/weakened by 1% (2021: 6%) against SGD with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$16,000 (2021: S$109,000) higher/lower, respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the HKD-denominated financial assets/liabilities.

The Group's currency exposure to EUR is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets  Cash and bank deposits  (Note 21)  837  713   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, if EUR had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2021: 1%) against SGD with all other variables including tax rate being held constant, the Group's results would have been S$35,000 (2021: S$6,000) higher/lower, respectively, as a result of currency translation gains/losses on the EUR-denominated financial assets.

## (ii) Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in interest rates arises mainly from the Group's borrowings. The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets, hence, the Group's income is substantially independent of changes in market interest rate. The Group does not use derivatives to hedge the interest rate risk on its borrowings.

Certain of the Group's borrowings are at variable rates. For the year ended 31 March 2022, if the interest rates increase/decrease by 1% per annum (2021: 1% per annum) with all other variables, including tax rate being held constant, the results would have been lower/higher by S$38,000 (2021: S$36,000) respectively, as a result of higher/lower interest expenses of these borrowings.

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk

Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks and trade and other receivables.

## (i) Risk management

Credit risk is managed on a group basis and is continuously monitored and reported to management and the Chief Executive Officer. Credit exposure to an individual customer is restricted by the credit limit approved by the Chief Executive Officer. Management considers the Group has limited credit risk with its banks which are leading and reputable and are assessed as having low credit risk. Majority of bank balances are deposited with reputable banks. The Group has not incurred significant loss from non-performance by these parties in the past and management does not expect so in the future.

The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit evaluation procedures. Receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

## (ii) Impairment of financial assets

The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to IFRS 9's expected credit loss model:

- -Trade receivables
- -Cash and cash equivalents
- -Deposits and other receivables.

## Trade receivables

The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by IFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.

To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and days past due.

Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 365 days past due.

Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.

The expected credit loss rates are based on the aging profiles of trade receivables over a period of 24 months before the end of the financial year and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The historical credit loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

The provision for and write-off of trade receivables were taken into consideration of the expected credit loss rates.

<!-- image -->

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Trade receivables (Continued)

The loss allowance of trade receivables excluding credit impaired balances as at 31 March 2022 was determined as follows:

| Past due  Current  Between  0 to 30 days  Between  31 to 60 days  Between  61 to 90 days  Between  91 to 365 days  More than  365 days  Total  At 31 March 2022  Expected loss rate  0.1%  0.2%  1.1%  1.0%  6.3%  43%  Gross carrying amount (S$'000)  6,838  2,777  857  295  126  7  10,900  Loss allowance (S$'000)  (5)  (5)  (10)  (3)  (8)  (3)  (34)  6,833  2,772  847  292  118  4  10,866   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loss allowance of trade receivables excluding credit impaired balances as at 31 March 2021 was determined as follows:

| Past due  Current  Between  0 to 30 days  Between  31 to 60 days  Between  61 to 90 days  Between  91 to 365 days  More than  365 days  Total  At 31 March 2021  Expected loss rate  0.1%  0.2%  1.7%  4.2%  8.3%  25.7%  Gross carrying amount (S$'000)  4,641  2,445  458  71  24  602  8,241  Loss allowance (S$'000)  (4)  (4)  (8)  (3)  (2)  (155)  (176)  4,637  2,441  450  68  22  447  8,065   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The closing loss allowances for trade receivables reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At the beginning of the year  176  188  (Decrease)/Increase in loss allowance recognised  in profit or loss during the year  (7)  6  Utilisation of loss allowance  (135)  (18)  At the end of the year  34  176   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents, deposits and other receivables

The Group and the Company held cash and cash equivalents with banks which are rated A+ and above based on Standard &amp; Poor and are considered to have low credit risk. Impairment on cash and cash equivalents, deposits and other receivables is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit loss, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit loss. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the deposits and other receivables as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 90 days past due, except for the financial instrument which the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that previous non-payments were an administrative oversight, instead of resulting from financial difficulty of the borrower, or that there is no correlation between significant increases in the risk of a default occurring and financial assets on which payments are more than 90 days past due.

The maximum exposure to credit risk as of the reporting date was the carrying value of each type of receivables mentioned above. The Group did not hold any collateral as security as of each reporting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on each type of receivables mentioned above has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date.

<!-- image -->

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (c) Liquidity risk

Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities (Note 23). At the end of the year, assets held by the Group for managing liquidity risk included cash and cash equivalents as disclosed in Note 21.

The Group has contractual commitments to incur capital expenditure on its property, plant and equipment (Note 26).

The table below analyses the Group's non-derivative financial liabilities of the Group into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the date of the consolidated statement of financial position to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay. Balances due within twelve months equal their carrying balances, as the impact of discounting is not significant.

Specifically, for the bank borrowings which contain a repayment on demand clause which can be exercised at the banks' sole discretion, the analysis shows the cash outflow based on the earliest period in which the Group can be required to pay, that is if the lenders were to invoke their unconditional rights to call the loans with immediate effect.

| On demand  Less than  1 year  Between  1 to 2 years  Between  2 to 5 years  More than  5 years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 31 March 2022  Trade and other payables  -  (8,785)  -  -  -  Bank borrowings  (227)  (5,777)  (5,996)  (10,729)  -  Lease liabilities  -  (633)  (262)  (227)  -  (227)  (15,195)  (6,258)  (10,956)  -  At 31 March 2021  Trade and other payables  -  (4,512)  (76)  -  -  Bank borrowings  (274)  (3,007)  (3,082)  (5,475)  (181)  Lease liabilities  -  (821)  (467)  (390)  (10)  (274)  (8,340)  (3,625)  (5,865)  (191)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (c) Liquidity risk (Continued)

The table below analyses the borrowings with a repayment on demand clause based on agreed repayment schedules set out in the loan agreements. The amounts include interest payments computed using contractual rates.

| Less than  1 year  Between  1 to 2 years  Between  2 to 5 years  More than  5 years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 31 March 2022  (49)  (50)  (128)  -  At 31 March 2021  (49)  (49)  (147)  (29)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d)  Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to ensure that the Group is appropriately capitalised and to maintain an optimal capital structure by issuing or redeeming additional equity and debt instruments where appropriate and necessary.

The gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as total equity plus net debt. The gearing ratios are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Net debt  13,406  2,161  Total equity  37,776  34,243  Total capital  51,182  36,404  Gearing ratio  26%  6%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group also monitors the debt covenants for borrowings and is in compliance with all externally imposed capital requirements for the year end.

<!-- image -->

## 3.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)

## (e) Financial instruments by category

The aggregate carrying amounts of financial assets, at amortised cost and financial liabilities, at amortised cost are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets per consolidated  statement of financial position  Financial assets measured at amortised cost  - Cash and bank balances  10,069  10,875  - Trade and other receivables  12,559  8,704  22,628  19,579  Financial liabilities per consolidated  statement of financial position  Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  - Trade and other payables  8,785  4,588  - Bank borrowings  22,388  11,420  - Lease liabilities  1,087  1,616  32,260  17,624   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (f) Fair value measurements

The table below presents assets and liabilities measured and carried at fair value and classified by level of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

- (a) Quoted process (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);
- (b) Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observables for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e derived from prices) (Level 2); and
- (c) Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 31 March 2022  Assets  Biological assets (  Note a)  -  -  7,910  7,910  Investments in insurance contracts  (Note b)  -  -  2,265  2,265  At 31 March 2021  Assets  Biological assets  (Note a)  -  -  7,100  7,100  Investments in insurance contracts  (Note b)  -  -  2,211  2,211   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note a: See Note 14 for disclosure of biological assets.

Note b: See Note 18 for disclosure of investments in insurance contracts.

There were no transfer between levels during the year.

<!-- image -->

## 4.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS AND JUDGEMENTS

Estimates, assumptions and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimate will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next year are addressed below.

## (a)  Fair value of biological assets

The fair value of biological assets is determined with reference to the discounted cash flows of the underlying biological assets. The management's key estimates and assumptions used in the discounted cash flows of the underlying biological assets could impact the fair value of the assets and these include selling price of the mature hens and fresh eggs, estimated egg laying period, post-tax discount rate and mortality rate. The carrying value of biological assets as at 31 March 2022 is S$7,910,000 (2021: S$7,100,000).

If the selling price of fresh eggs applied to the discounted cash flows increases or decreases by 5% from the management estimates, the fair value of the biological assets will be higher or lower by S$1,020,000 as at 31 March 2022 (2021: S$1,070,000).

If the egg laying period applied to the discounted cash flows decreases by 5 weeks from the management estimates, the fair value of the biological assets will be lower by S$1,875,000 as at 31 March 2022 (2021: S$1,637,000).

## (b)  Fair value of agricultural produce

The fair value of agricultural produce is determined with reference to market approach at the point of harvest. Agricultural produce refers to the eggs produced by the laying hens. As at 31 March 2022, the fair value of the agricultural produce (unrealised) is S$144,000 (2021: S$111,000).

## (c)  Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

The Group's management determines the estimated useful lives, and related depreciation and amortisation charges for its property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The estimates are based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of similar nature and functions. Management will increase the depreciation and amortisation charges where useful lives are shorter than previously estimated lives. It will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or redeployed. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable and amortisable lives and therefore affect the depreciation and amortisation charges in future periods. The useful lives of the property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are disclosed in Note 2.7 and Note 2.8 respectively.

## (d)  Business combination

The consolidated financial statements reflected all the acquisitions of businesses. The Group accounts for the acquired businesses using the acquisition method which requires the use of accounting estimates and assumptions to allocate the purchase price to the fair values of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition date, particularly the fair value of the intangible assets identified from the acquisition. Estimates and assumptions such as revenue growth rate, customer attrition rate, and discount rate used in the valuation methodology have an impact on its fair value. The initial accounting of the business combinations were based on the amounts disclosed in Note 29.

## (e)  Measurement of expected credit losses ('ECL') of trade receivables

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by IFRS 9. Except for trade receivables that are determined to be credit-impaired, the Group determines the lifetime expected credit losses based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of the previous 24 months from each year end and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced with this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect the probability-weighted outcome and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the year-end about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. The Group adjusts the allowance matrix at each reporting date. Such estimation of the ECL rates may not be representative of the actual default in the future. The expected loss allowance on the Group's trade receivables as at 31 March 2022 is S$34,000 (2021: $176,000) (Note 3.1(b)). Details of assumptions are disclosed in more detail in Note 3.1(b).

## 5.  REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

The chief operating decision-maker ('CODM') has been identified as the chief executive of the Company. The CODM reviews the Group's internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management has determined the operating segment based on these reports.

The CODM considers that the Group has two operating and reporting segments which are fresh eggs and processed eggs. CODM assesses the performance of these segments based on revenue, segment results and the incomes/ expenses arriving the segment results. Segment result represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of finance costs, unallocated other income and unallocated corporate expenses are mainly including general administrative expense.

Information relating to segment assets and segment liabilities is not disclosed as such information is not regularly reported to the CODM.

Segment information about these reportable and operating segments is presented below:

## Year ended 31 March 2022

| Fresh eggs  Processed  eggs  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Segment revenue  47,645  19,413  67,058  Other income  135  -  135  Insurance claim  465  412  877  Gain arising from initial recognition of  agricultural produce at fair values less estimated  costs to sell at point of harvest - unrealised  144  -  144  Gain arising from changes in fair value of  biological asset less estimated costs to sell  925  821  1,746  Write-off of biological assets  (458)  (406)  (864)  Purchases of inventories  (37,720)  (8,627)  (46,347)  Changes in inventories  (443)  184  (259)  Reversal of impairment loss for trade receivables, net  6  1  7  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (2,003)  (607)  (2,610)  Employee benefits  (4,621)  (2,168)  (6,789)  Utilities  (636)  (486)  (1,122)  Repairs and maintenance expenses  (898)  (343)  (1,241)  Royalty expense  -  (51)  (51)  Chicken shed - medication and vaccination  (184)  (163)  (347)  Other expenses  (1,099)  (824)  (1,923)  Segment results  1,258  7,156  8,414  Unallocated finance cost  (475)  Unallocated other income  597  Unallocated corporate expenses  (4,750)  Profit before tax  3,786   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.  REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Year ended 31 March 2021

| Fresh eggs  Processed  eggs  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Segment revenue  36,955  15,498  52,453  Other income  188  -  188  Gain arising from initial recognition of agricultural produce  at fair values less estimated costs to sell  at point of harvest - unrealised  111  -  111  Gain arising from changes in fair value of  biological asset less estimated costs to sell  1,598  1,475  3,073  Purchases of inventories  (26,852)  (6,649)  (33,501)  Changes in inventories  980  348  1,328  Impairment loss for trade receivables, net  (5)  (1)  (6)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (1,963)  (668)  (2,631)  Employee benefits  (4,170)  (1,764)  (5,934)  Utilities  (470)  (375)  (845)  Repairs and maintenance expenses  (657)  (301)  (958)  Royalty expense  -  (39)  (39)  Chicken shed - medication and vaccination  (138)  (128)  (266)  Other expenses  (920)  (681)  (1,601)  Segment results  4,657  6,715  11,372  Unallocated finance cost  (361)  Unallocated other income  1,828  Unallocated corporate expenses  (4,328)  Profit before tax  8,511   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographical information

The Group's operations are principally in Singapore and hence no further disclosure is made on the geographical information.

## Information about major customers

Revenues from transactions with external customers accounting for 10% or more of the Group's total revenue are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Customer A  (Note)  6,873  5,126   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

Customer A contributed the revenue on both fresh and processed eggs segments.

<!-- image -->

## 5.  REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Disaggregation of revenue

The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods at a point in time in the following major product lines:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Fresh eggs  47,645  36,955  Processed eggs  19,413  15,498  67,058  52,453   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.  OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Income from sale of animal feeds  135  188  Government grant  (Note a)  378  1,616  Interest income:  39  54  - Bank deposits  38  53  - Net investment in sub-lease  1  1  Insurance claim  (Note b)  877  -  Others  180  157  1,609  2,015   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note a:

The Group has been awarded certain government grants for which the grant income was recognised in other income. The grant income relating to Jobs Support Scheme amounted to S$58,000 (2021: S$1,110,000), and the corresponding expenses were recognised in staff costs and administrative expenses respectively.

## Note b:

The insurance claim relates to the incident of Newcastle disease which occurred in FY2022.

## 7.  OTHER LOSSES - NET

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (Note 15)  (10)  (18)  Net currency exchange losses  (35)  (143)  Gain on investments in insurance contracts  (Note 18)  43  41  (2)  (120)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.  EXPENSES BY NATURE

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Auditor's remuneration  - Audit services  155  270  - Non-audit services  -  1  Purchases of inventories  46,347  33,501  Changes in inventories  259  (1,328)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (Note 15)  2,848  2,853  Amortisation of intangible assets  (Note 17)  270  204  Agricultural produce recorded in cost of sales  (Note a)  10,898  13,318  Employee compensation  (Note 9)  9,874  8,430  Utilities  1,122  845  Repairs and maintenance expenses  1,266  1,114  Chicken shed - medication and vaccination  347  266  Royalty expenses  51  39  Commission expenses  271  286  Insurance expenses  128  137  Other expenses  2,388  1,979  Total cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses and  administrative expenses  76,224  61,915   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note a:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cost of agricultural produce sold  10,787  13,261  Unrealised gain arising from initial recognition of agriculture produce  at fair value less costs to sell at point of harvest on inventory  as at prior year and realised in current year  111  57  10,898  13,318   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 9.  EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Basic salaries, wages and allowances  8,027  7,012  Employer's contribution to defined contribution plans  714  519  Other benefits  1,133  899  9,874  8,430   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As stipulated by rules and regulations in Singapore, the group companies operating in Singapore contribute to the Singapore Central Provident Fund, a statutory pension scheme. Under the scheme, the employees contribute 5% to 20% of their wages, while the group companies contribute 7.5% to 17% of the wages of their employees. The employers' and employees' contributions are subject to a cap of employees' monthly ordinary wages of S$6,000. At 31 March 2022 and 2021, no forfeited contributions are available to reduce the contribution payable in future years.

## (a)  Directors' emoluments

The emoluments of individual directors for the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out below:

| Fees  Salaries  Bonus  Employer's  contribution  to defined  contribution  plans  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Executive directors  - Mr. Ma Chin Chew  -  720  60  108  888  - Ms. Lim Siok Eng  -  126  16  24  166  - Mr. Tang Hong Lai  -  102  10  10  122  Independent non-executive directors  - Mr. Yuen Ka Lok  25  -  -  -  25  - Mr. Donald William Sneddon  25  -  -  -  25  - Mr. Tan Jia Kien  26  -  -  -  26  76  948  86  142  1,252   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9.  EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION (Continued)

## (a)  Directors' emoluments (Continued)

The emoluments of individual directors for the year ended 31 March 2021 is set out below:

| Fees  Salaries  Bonus  Employer's  contribution  to defined  contribution  plans  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Executive directors  - Mr. Ma Chin Chew  -  354  60  58  472  - Ms. Lim Siok Eng  -  87  16  17  120  - Mr. Tang Hong Lai  -  93  16  9  118  Independent non-executive directors  - Mr. Teo Beng Fwee (resigned on 04 January 2021)  20  -  -  -  20  - Mr. Yuen Ka Lok  25  -  -  -  25  - Mr. Donald William Sneddon  25  -  -  -  25  - Mr. Tan Jia Kien (appointed on 04 January 2021)  6  -  -  -  6  76  534  92  84  786   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, there were no arrangements under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration, and no emoluments were paid by the Group to the director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office.

## (b)  Director's retirement benefits and termination benefits

None of the directors of the Company received or will receive any retirement benefits or termination benefits in respect of their services to the Group for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## (c)  Consideration provided to third parties for making available director's services

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group had not paid any consideration to any third parties for making available director's services to the Group.

## (d)  Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings entered into by the Group in favour of the directors of the Company, or body corporate controlled by or entities connected with any of the directors of the Company at the end of the years or at any time during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

<!-- image -->

## 9.  EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION (Continued)

## (e)  Director's material interest in transactions, arrangement or contracts

No transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group's business to which the Company, the Company's subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## (f) Five highest paid individuals

The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include the three Directors for year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: three Directors). The emoluments payable to the remaining two individuals (2021: two individuals) for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Basic salaries, wages and allowances  305  254  Employer's contribution to defined contribution plans  31  22  336  276   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments fell within the following band:

| Number of individuals  Year ended 31 March  2022  2021  Emolument band  HK$Nil to HK$1,000,000 (2021: HK$Nil to HK$1,000,000)  2  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest expense  - Bank borrowings  444  265  - Lease liabilities  50  72  - Others  12  92  506  429  Less: Amount capitalised in property, plant and equipment  (31)  (68)  Amount recognised in profit or loss  475  361   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

The Company is incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liabilities under the Companies Law of Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted from Cayman Islands income tax.

Singapore corporate income tax has been provided at the rate of 17% for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: 17%) on the estimated assessable profits during the year.

Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year, except for the first HK$2,000,000 of a qualified entity's assessable profit which is calculated at 8.25%, in accordance with the two-tiered tax rate regime with effect from the year of assessment 2018/2019.

The amount of income tax expenses charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income represent:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current tax on profit for the year  572  942  Deferred income tax expense  (80)  280  Over provision in respect of prior years  (239)  (173)  253  1,049   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tax on the Group's profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the Singapore standard rate of income tax as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Profit before income tax  3,786  8,511  Tax calculated at a tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  644  1,447  Tax effects of:  - Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  28  77  - Income not subject to tax  (133)  (244)  - Statutory stepped income exemption  (79)  (75)  - Deferred tax assets not recognised  -  11  - Utilisation of previously unrecognised deferred tax assets  (11)  -  - Others  43  6  - Over provision in respect of prior years  (239)  (173)  253  1,049   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

## Deferred income taxes

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Deferred income tax liabilities  - To be settled after one year  1,130  1,210   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the deferred income tax account are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Beginning of financial year  1,210  870  Acquisition of businesses  (Note 29)  -  60  Charged to profit or loss  (80)  280  End of financial year  1,130  1,210   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

## Deferred income tax liabilities

| Accelerated tax  depreciation  Provisions  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  2022  Beginning of financial year  1,221  (11)  1,210  Charged to profit or loss  (78)  (2)  (80)  End of financial year  1,143  (13)  1,130  2021  Beginning of financial year  870  -  870  Acquisition of businesses  (Note 29)  60  -  60  Charged to profit or loss  291  (11)  280  End of financial year  1,221  (11)  1,210   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable. The Group has unrecognised tax losses of approximately S$66,000 as at 31 March 2021 which can be carried forward and used to offset future taxable income subject to meeting certain statutory requirements. The tax losses have no expiry date.

## 12.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

| 2022  2021  Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (S$'000)  3,533  7,462  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  in issue (thousands)  500,000  500,000  Basic and diluted earnings per share (S$ - in cents)  0.71  1.49   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share as the Group does not have dilutive potential ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 13.  DIVIDENDS

No dividends were declared during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 14.  BIOLOGICAL ASSETS

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Beginning of financial year  7,100  4,270  Purchases of immature hens  462  341  Gain arising from changes in fair value less estimated  costs to sell  1,746  3,073  Write-off of biological assets  (864)  -  Sales of mature hens  (534)  (584)  End of financial year  7,910  7,100  Biological assets comprise:  - Mature hens  7,910  4,632  - Immature hens  -  2,468  7,910  7,100  Current  3,737  2,896  Non-current  4,173  4,204  7,910  7,100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note a:

During the year, part of the flock were detected to have been exposed to Newcastle Disease which affect the respiratory, nervous and digestive systems of birds leading to higher mortality rates and eventual low eggs production. This disease posed no food safety concerns as there are no known transmission to humans. These affected hens were culled or written off. The loss have been mitigated by the insurance claim disclosed in Note 6.

Note b:

Biological assets comprise hens reared for the production of eggs. Mature hens represent batches of hens that start to produce eggs.

<!-- image -->

## 14.  BIOLOGICAL ASSETS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  Number of hens held by the Group as at financial year-end  - Mature  578,762  395,895  - Immature  -  168,958  Total  578,762  564,853  Number of eggs harvested during the financial year  133,551,799  131,643,436  Fair value less estimated costs to sell of  eggs harvested ('S$')  10,931,000  13,372,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's biological assets as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 were valued by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory Limited, an independent professionally qualified valuer who holds a recognised relevant professional qualification and has recent experience in the biological assets being valued. These biological assets have been classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The key assumptions and estimates used in the valuation are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Selling price of agriculture produce (fresh eggs)  S$0.21  S$0.19  Mortality rate  18.2%  17.3%  Discount rate  9.5%  10.6%  Estimated egg laying period  89 weeks  89 weeks  Selling price of mature hens  S$2.37  S$2.15   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's finance manager reviewed the valuations performed by the independent valuer for financial reporting purposes. The finance manager reports directly to the directors. Discussions of valuation processes and results were held between the directors, the finance manager and the valuer.

The finance manager:

- verified all major inputs to the independent valuation reports;
- assessed valuation movements when compared to the prior year valuation reports; and
- held discussions with the independent valuer on the valuation basis, processes and results.

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  buildings and  improvements  Leasehold  land  Plant and  machinery  Equipment  and furniture  Motor  vehicles  Assets under  construction  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At 31 March 2020  13,333  3,436  20,289  1,782  3,519  3,015  45,374  Additions  196  -  729  284  893  5,161  7,263  Acquisition of businesses  (Note 29)  32  -  -  1  9  -  42  Disposals  (1)  -  (792)  (97)  (118)  -  (1,008)  Reclassification  (Note 17)  -  -  -  (276)  -  -  (276)  Grants recognised relating to purchase  of property, plant and equipment*  -  -  (195)  (30)  -  -  (225)  At 31 March 2021  13,560  3,436  20,031  1,664  4,303  8,176  51,170  Additions  212  -  404  190  124  15,972  16,902  Disposals  -  -  (18)  (126)  (144)  -  (288)  Reclassification  152  -  908  (910)  (150)  -  -  Transfer  12,160  -  -  -  -  (12,160)  -  Grants recognised relating to purchase  of property, plant and equipment*  (4,501)  -  -  -  -  -  (4,501)  At 31 March 2022  21,583  3,436  21,325  818  4,133  11,988  63,283  Accumulated depreciation  At 31 March 2020  11,783  305  13,185  788  1,670  -  27,731  Depreciation  (Note 8)  330  172  1,532  202  617  -  2,853  Disposals  (1)  -  (758)  (86)  (99)  -  (944)  Reclassification  (Note 17)  -  -  -  (46)  -  -  (46)  At 31 March 2021  12,112  477  13,959  858  2,188  -  29,594  Depreciation  (Note 8)  385  172  1,487  216  588  -  2,848  Disposals  -  -  -  (119)  (126)  -  (245)  Reclassification  81  -  540  (499)  (122)  -  -  At 31 March 2022  12,578  649  15,986  456  2,528  -  32,197  Net book value  At 31 March 2022  9,005  2,787  5,339  362  1,605  11,988  31,086  At 31 March 2021  1,448  2,959  6,072  806  2,115  8,176  21,576   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This pertains to grants receivable from governmental agencies for purchases of property, plant and equipment. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to the grants.

<!-- image -->

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Net book amount of property, plant and equipment disposed  43  64  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (Note 7)  (10)  (18)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  33  46   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the consolidated statement of cash flows, additions to property, plant and equipment comprise:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Aggregate costs of purchase of property, plant and equipment  16,902  7,263  Finance cost capitalised in property, plant and equipment  (31)  (68)  Property, plant and equipment financed by finance lease liabilities  (311)  (258)  Other payables relating to purchase of property, plant and  equipment  -  (157)  Prepayment made in prior year  (2,420)  -  Cash payments during the financial years  14,140  6,780   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  LEASES

## The Group as a lessee

## (i) Right-of-use assets classified within property, plant and equipment

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Right-of-use assets  Leasehold land  2,788  2,959  Leasehold premises  823  902  3,611  3,861  Lease liabilities  Current  612  777  Non-current  475  839  1,087  1,616   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to the right-of use assets arising during year ended 31 March 2022 were S$170,000 (2021: Nil).

Right-of-use assets arising from acquisition of business during year ended 31 March 2022 were S$Nil (2021: S$31,000).

Lease of the Group amounting to approximately S$626,000 (2021: S$1,145,000) are effectively secured over the leased machinery and motor vehicles with carrying amount of approximately S$1,566,000 (2021: S$2,365,700).

## 16.  LEASES (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (ii) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  Leasehold land  172  172  Leasehold premises  248  204  420  376  Interest expense (included in finance cost)  50  72   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 March 2022 was S$890,000 (2021: S$1,174,000).

## (iii)  The Group's leasing activities and how these are accounted for

## Leasehold land

The Group has made an upfront payment for land use rights of the current poultry farm and a quail egg farm. The land lease payments are amortised on a straight-line basis over lease term of 20 years.

There are no externally imposed covenant on these lease arrangements.

## Leasehold premises

The Group leases premises for the purpose of inventory storage, back office operation and employees' accommodation.

The Group has made an upfront payment to secure the right-of-use of a 30-year leasehold premise, which is used by the Group for inventory storage and back office operations. The Group also makes annual lease payments for this premise.

Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

## (iv)  Variable lease payments

A storage building lease contains variable payment terms that vary on a yearly basis to reflect changes in market rental rates.

<!-- image -->

## 16.  LEASES (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (v) Extension and termination option

The lease for certain storage building contains extension period, for which the related lease payments had not been included in lease liabilities as the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise the extension option. The Group negotiates extension options to optimise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group's operations. The extension option is exercisable by the Group and not by the lessor.

## 31 March 2022

| Payable within  three years  S$'000  Extension options expected not to be exercised  278   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nature of the Group's leasing activities - Group as an intermediate lessor Subleases - classified as finance leases

During the year, the Group sub-leased its right-of-use of a leasehold premise. It is classified as finance lease because the sub-lease is for the entire remaining lease term of the head lease.

Right-of-use assets relating to the head leases with sub-leases classified as finance lease is derecognised. The net investment in the sub-lease is recognised under 'Trade and other receivables' (Note 20).

Finance income on the net investment in sub-lease during the financial year is S$1,000 (2021: S$1,000).

The following table shows the maturity analysis of the undiscounted lease payments to be received:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Less than one year  20  34  One to two years  -  20  Total undiscounted lease payments  20  54  Less: Unearned finance income  (1)  (2)  Net investment in finance lease  (Note 20)  19  52  Current  (Note 20)  19  33  Non-current  (Note 20)  -  19  19  52   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Goodwill  Customer  relationships  Computer  Software  Total  (Note a)  (Note b)  (Note c)  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cost  At 31 March 2020  97  660  -  757  Addition  -  -  192  192  Acquisition of businesses  (Note 29)  325  355  -  680  Reclassification  (Note 15)  -  -  276  276  Grants recognised relating to purchase of  intangible assets  -  -  (96)  (96)  At 31 March 2021  422  1,015  372  1,809  Addition  -  -  40  40  At 31 March 2022  422  1,015  412  1,849  Accumulated amortisation  At 31 March 2020  -  130  -  130  Amortisation  (Note 8)  -  146  58  204  Reclassification  (Note 15)  -  -  46  46  At 31 March 2021  -  276  104  380  Amortisation  (Note 8)  -  187  83  270  At 31 March 2022  -  463  187  650  Net book value  At 31 March 2022  422  552  225  1,199  At 31 March 2021  422  739  268  1,429   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note a:

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the Group's interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities acquired.

Note b:

The customer relationships were acquired as part of business combinations. They are recognised at their fair value at the date of acquisition and are subsequently amortised on straight-line based on the timing of projected cash flows of the customer relationship over their estimated useful lives. The useful lives of the customer relationships are estimated to be 5 years by the management.

Amortisation expenses of customer relationship have been charged to cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Note c:

Amortisation expenses of computer software have been charged to administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

<!-- image -->

## 17.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

## Impairment tests for goodwill

The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculation. Goodwill is monitored by management at the level of an operating segment which is fresh eggs segment. Impairment test of goodwill is performed annually at period end 31 March by management.

The key assumptions used for value-in-use calculations is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Revenue growth rate  7.0%  7.0%  Gross margin  3.0%  7.0%  Terminal growth rate  1.8%  1.8%  Discount rate (pre-tax)  10.89%  11.3%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The management assumptions used in revenue growth rate, estimated gross margin and terminal growth rate are based on historical records and synergy arose from the business combination. The management assumption used in discount rate is based on the industry data and the CGU's debt and equity structure.

## Sensitivity analysis

Management determined the budgeted revenue based on their expectations of market developments with the growth rates being estimated based on management's expectations. The terminal growth rate is based on the expected inflation rate. The discount rate reflects specific risks relating to the relevant operating segment.

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying value and the directors are of the opinion that there was no impairment of goodwill as at 31 March 2022 and 2021. The directors are not aware of any indication of impairment of goodwill as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

Management believes that the change in the estimated recoverable amount from any reasonably possible change on the key assumptions does not materially cause the recoverable amount to be lower than its carrying amount.

## 18.  INVESTMENTS IN INSURANCE CONTRACTS

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Beginning of the year  2,211  2,295  Gain on investments in insurance contracts  (Note 7)  43  41  Currency translation differences  11  (125)  2,265  2,211   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investments in insurance contracts pertain to two life insurance policies (the 'Policies') with Mr. Ma, the director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company as the 'Insured Person'. The Policies will mature on the dates when the Insured Person reaches the ages of 74 and 77, respectively, or upon the death of the Insured Person, whichever is the earlier. In the event of death of the Insured Person, the investments will be de-recognised and any resulting gains or losses will be recognised in profit or loss.

The fair value of the insurance contracts purchased is determined based on the cash surrender value in accordance with the insurance contracts which are not an observable input. Management estimates the fair value based on the latest policy quarterly statement of the insurance contracts provided by the insurance companies.

The change in fair value of investments in insurance contracts during the year is recorded in 'other losses-net' in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (Note 7).

The investments were pledged as collateral for the Group's bank borrowings as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 (Note 23).

## 19.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Feeds  1,119  942  Eggs and processed eggs  1,336  1,606  Packaging materials  510  532  2,965  3,080   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cost of inventories for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 have been included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as 'Purchases of inventories' and 'Changes in inventories'.

<!-- image -->

## 20.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  2020  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade receivables  10,900  8,241  7,437  Less:  Allowance for impairment of receivables  (34)  (176)  (188)  10,866  8,065  7,249  Other receivables  1,513  555  353  Finance lease receivables  (Note 16)  19  33  -  Deposits  191  91  91  Prepayments  2,759  703  360  15,348  9,447  8,053  Non-current  Prepayments  1,943  2,975  -  Finance lease receivables  (Note 16)  -  19  -  1,943  2,994  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit period of trade receivables ranged up to 60 days. No interest was charged on the outstanding balances. The ageing analysis of trade receivables based on invoice date is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Less than 30 days  5,850  4,539  31 to 60 days  3,283  2,462  61 to 90 days  1,271  480  More than 90 days  496  760  10,900  8,241   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 3.1(b) provides details about the financial risk management in relation to credit risk and the provision matrix.

Trade receivables that are determined to be credit-impaired at the end of the year relate to customers that are in significant financial difficulties or have defaulted on payments. Included within the trade receivables is an amount of S$4,000 (2021: S$447,000) that is aged more than 90 days, for which the instalment and settlement arrangement have been taken into considerations for the expected credit loss.

Included in other receivables are the insurance receivable due from insurance company in related to the incident of Newcastle disease during the year amounting to S$877,000 (2021: S$Nil). This amount was fully settled subsequent to the year ended 31 March 2022.

Included in prepayments are payments made for the construction of farm houses and to third party vendors for the purchases of machineries and supplies amounting to S$2,929,000 (2021: S$3,278,000).

## 20.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The Group's trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments and goods and services tax) are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  SGD  12,589  8,580  USD  -  124  12,589  8,704   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Cash at bank and on hand  10,069  10,875   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  SGD  6,121  7,050  HKD  1,984  2,205  USD  1,017  885  EUR  837  713  Australian dollar ('AUD')  110  22  10,069  10,875   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 22.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Current  Trade payables  4,653  3,241  Other payables  615  181  Other accruals  3,379  1,043  Accrued royalty expense  257  202  8,904  4,667  Non-current  Accrued royalty expense  -  76   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit terms granted by the Group's suppliers were usually ranged up to 60 days. The ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Less than 30 days  3,739  2,368  31 to 60 days  855  718  More than 60 days  59  155  4,653  3,241   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's trade and other payables (excluding goods and services tax) are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  SGD  8,298  4,287  USD  462  278  HKD  17  16  Malaysian Ringgit ('MYR')  8  7  8,785  4,588   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other accruals mainly consist of accrual for construction cost and other operating expenses.

## 23.  BANK BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Long-term bank loans  22,388  11,420  Less: amounts due on demand or within one year shown  under current liabilities  (5,821)  (3,012)  Non-current portion  16,567  8,408   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's borrowings were repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Within 1 year  5,821  3,012  Between 1 and 2 years  5,897  2,907  Between 2 and 5 years  10,670  5,320  Over 5 years  -  181  22,388  11,420   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above amounts due are based on the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements and taken into account the effect of demand clause.

The exposure of the bank borrowings of the Group to the contractual repricing at the end of each year is as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  6 months or less  4,602  6,287   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, total bank borrowings are secured by:

(i) S$22,024,000 of the borrowings are guaranteed by the Company (2021: S$10,855,000);

(ii) S$364,000 of the borrowings are guaranteed by N&amp;N Agriculture Pte Ltd (2021: S$565,000); and

(iii) S$1,205,000 (2021: S$1,453,000) secured by the assignment of investments in insurance contracts (Note 18).

Certain of the Group's borrowings are at variable rates. The fair values of bank borrowings approximate their carrying values. As at 31 March 2022, the range of effective interest rates (which also equals to contracted interest rates) on the variable-rate bank borrowings is 1.90% to 7.75% (2021: 1.70% to 7.75%) per annum.

<!-- image -->

## 23.  BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

The Group's borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  SGD  21,183  9,967  USD  1,205  1,453  22,388  11,420   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Undrawn borrowing facilities:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Floating rate  Bank borrowings  11,723  7,723   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These undrawn facilities include loan facilities, trade facilities and hire purchase facilities.

## 24.  SHARE CAPITAL

The share capital as at 31 March 2022 represented the issued share capital of the Company.

| Number of  shares  Amount  Amount  HK$'000  S$'000  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  Authorised:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  10,000,000,000  100,000  -  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  500,000,000  5,000  890   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25.  RESERVES

Details of the movements on the Group's reserves are as set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

## (a)  Share premium

Share premium account of the Group represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the Company's shares issued.

## (b)  Other reserve

Other reserve represents the difference between consideration paid and the acquired share capital of entities under common control.

## 26.  COMMITMENTS

## Capital commitments

As at the financial year-end, capital expenditure to expand the Group's farming operations contracted but not provided for in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Property, plant and equipment  8,212  17,546   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.

Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following related party transactions:

## (a)  Key management compensation

The emoluments of the directors (representing the key management personnel) during the year end are disclosed in Note 9.

## 28.  SUBSIDIARIES

The Group's principal subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 are set out below. Unless otherwise stated, they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of ownership interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group. The country of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.

| Name of entity  Place of  incorporation  Principal activities  and place of operation  Particulars  of issued  share capital  and paid-up  capital  Ownership interest  held by the group  2022  2021  %  %  N &amp; N Agriculture Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Production and distribution of  egg products, Singapore  S$10,000,000  100  100  The Pasteurized Egg  Company Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Provision of administrative  services, Singapore  S$2  100  100  Golden Hoyo Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Property holding, Singapore  S$500,000  100  100  Chuan Seng Huat Eggs  Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Import and export, wholesales  and distribution of eggs,  Singapore  S$2  100  100  Alliance Glory Ventures  Limited  British Virgin  Islands  Investment holding, British Virgin  Islands  US$1  100  100  Qualico Eggs Pte. Ltd.  Singapore  Production and distribution of  quail eggs  S$1  100  100  Khwan Hup Farming Pte Ltd  Singapore  Distribution of egg products,  Singapore  S$200,000  100  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

## Acquisition of Khwan Hup Farming Pte Ltd

## (a) Summary of acquisition

On 22 June 2020, the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Khwan Hup Farming Pte Ltd, a limited liability company principally engaged in the distribution of eggs.

Details of the purchase consideration paid, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the effects on the cash flows of the Group, at the acquisition date, are as follows:

| S$'000  Purchase consideration (refer to (b) below):  Cash paid  275  Total purchase consideration  275   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

| Provisional  fair value  S$'000  Cash  200  Trade receivables  1,762  Property, plant and equipment  (Note 15)  11  Trade payables  (1,679)  Income tax liabilities  (19)  Net identifiable assets acquired  275  Add: Goodwill  -  ## Net assets acquired  275   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (i) Acquired receivables

The fair value of acquired trade receivables is S$1,762,000. The gross contractual amount for trade receivables due is S$1,841,000.

## (ii) Revenue and profit contribution

The acquired business contributed revenue of S$2,742,000 and net profit of S$185,000 to the Group from the period from the date of acquisition to 31 March 2021.

If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2020, consolidated revenue and profit for the year ended 31 March 2021 would have been S$53,933,000 and S$7,615,000 respectively.

## 29.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued)

## Acquisition of Khwan Hup Farming Pte Ltd (Continued)

## (b) Purchase consideration - cash outflow

| S$'000  Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary, net of cash acquired:  Cash consideration  275  Less: Cash acquired  (200)  Net outflow of cash - investing activities  75   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisition-related costs

Acquisition-related costs of S$9,000 are included in 'administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and in operating cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

## Acquisition of Yanhong Trading Enterprise

## (a) Summary of acquisition

On 3 November 2020, the Group acquired Yanhong Trading Enterprise, a business principally engaged in the distribution of eggs.

Details of the purchase consideration and the net assets acquired, are as follows:

| S$'000  Purchase consideration (refer to (b) below):  Cash paid  650  Total purchase consideration  650   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:

| Provisional  fair value  S$'000  Property, plant and equipment  (Note 15)  31  Finance lease receivables  65  Other receivables  3  Intangible assets  (Note 17)  355  Lease liabilities  (63)  Other payables  (6)  Deferred income tax liabilities  (Note 11)  (60)  Net identifiable assets acquired  325  Add: Goodwill  (Note 17)  325  ## Net assets acquired  650   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The goodwill of S$325,000 arising from the acquisition is attributable to the synergies expected to arise from the economies of scale in combining the operations of Yanhong Trading Enterprise with the Group.

<!-- image -->

## 29.  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (Continued) Acquisition of Yanhong Trading Enterprise (Continued)

## (a) Summary of acquisition (Continued)

## Revenue and profit contribution

The acquired business contributed revenue of S$5,384,000 and net profit of S$243,000 to the Group from the period from the date of acquisition to 31 March 2021.

If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2020, consolidated revenue and profit for the year ended 31 March 2021 would have been S$59,990,000 and S$7,804,000 respectively.

## (b) Purchase consideration - cash outflow

| S$'000  Outflow of cash to acquire partnership, net of cash acquired:  Cash consideration, representing net outflow of cash - investing activities  650   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisition-related costs

Acquisition-related costs of S$9,000 are included in 'administrative expenses' in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and in operating cash flows in the consolidated statement of cash flows.

## 30.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

The following table provides a reconciliation for the movement of liabilities arising from financing activities for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Non-cash changes  1 April  2021  Proceeds  from  borrowings  Principal  and  interest  Interest  expense  Addition  during  the year  Foreign  exchange  movement  31 March  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Bank borrowings  11,420  15,490  (4,972)  444  -  6  22,388  Lease liabilities  1,616  -  (890)  50  311  -  1,087  13,036  15,490  (5,862)  494  311  6  23,475   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Non-cash changes  1 April  2020  Proceeds  from  borrowings  Principal  and  interest  Interest  expense  Addition  during  the year  Foreign  exchange  movement  31 March  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Bank borrowings  8,325  7,000  (4,076)  265  -  (94)  11,420  Lease liabilities  2,397  -  (1,174)  72  321  -  1,616  10,722  7,000  (5,250)  337  321  (94)  13,036   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

## New Subsidiaries and Acquisitions of New Businesses

- (a) After the financial year-end, the Group formed a company with a certain third party and entered into an agreement with a third-party vendor, to purchase the vendor's brand name, and information on its customers and suppliers' relationships for a consideration of S$300,000 and to form a company with the vendor, to undertake the business of wholesale trade in fruits and vegetables in Singapore.

To facilitate this development, the Group acquired from one of its directors, the one and only share in New Global Alliance Pte. Ltd. ('NGA'), a newly incorporated and dormant company in Singapore for a consideration of S$1. The net assets of NGA on acquisition date is S$1.

To fund the acquisition from the vendor, NGA then issued and allotted 449,999 shares for a consideration of S$449,999. The Group subscribed for 292,499 shares for a consideration of S$292,499. After this subscription, the Group's equity interest in NGA amounts to 65%. The remaining 35% is held by the third party.

NGA then acquired from the same director, the one and only share in Hometown Fruits and Vegetables Pte. Ltd. ('HFV'), a newly incorporated and dormant company in Singapore for a consideration of S$1. The net assets of HFV on acquisition date is S$1.

To provide HFV with working capital, HFV issued and allotted 199,999 new shares of S$1 each, of which, 149,999 shares were allotted and issued to NGA for a consideration of S$149,999. Thereafter, the effective equity interest of the Group in HFV is 48.75%.

- (b) After the financial year-end, the Group also established Hua Fu Xuan Eggs ('HFX'), a sole proprietorship, to undertake an eggs distribution business that it has acquired from a third party vendor for a consideration of S$600,000.

Details of the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed, revenue and profit contribution and the effect on the cash flows for the Group are not disclosed, as the accounting for this acquisition is still incomplete at the time these consolidated financial statements was authorised for issue.

## 32.  IMPACT OF COVID-19

The lingering effects of COVID-19 continued to affect our business. Egg costs have increased rapidly during the financial year, and they are expected to continue to be volatile. Our operating costs are expected to be continued to be impacted by disruptions in the supply chains of the commodities that we purchased for our feeds. The Group will continue to monitor its operations and the market as the effects COVID-19 create and prolong uncertainties in the Singapore economy. Management will evaluate its impact on the financial position and operating results of the Group. As at the date on which this set of consolidated financial statements was authorised for issue, the Group was not aware of any material adverse effects on the consolidated financial statements as a result of the COVID-19 that have not already been disclosed.

<!-- image -->

## 33.  BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

## Balance sheet of the Company

| As at 31 March  2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  Assets  Non-current assets  Investments in subsidiaries  *  *  *  *  Current assets  Amount due from subsidiaries  13,549  13,475  Prepayments  26  27  Cash and cash equivalents  20  62  Total assets  13,595  13,564  Equity and liabilities  Equity attributable to owners of the company  Share capital  890  890  Share premium  8,544  8,544  Retained earnings  4,109  4,087  Total equity  13,543  13,521  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  31  24  Current income tax liabilities  21  19  Total liabilities  52  43  Total equity and liabilities  13,595  13,564   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Amount less than S$1,000.

The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 22 June 2022 and was signed on its behalf:

| Ma Chin Chew  Lim Siok Eng  Director  Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------|

## 33.  BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

| (Accumulated  losses)/retained  earnings  S$'000  At 1 April 2020  (2,977)  Profit for the year  7,064  At 31 March 2021  4,087  At 1 April 2021  4,087  Profit for the year  22  At 31 March 2022  4,109   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Financial Summary

## RESULTS

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  67,058  52,453  46,252  33,295  25,123  Profit before tax  3,786  8,511  5,996  1,967  936  Income tax expense  (253)  (1,049)  (838)  (402)  (463)  Profit for the year  3,533  7,462  5,158  1,565  473   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Total assets  72,785  58,712  43,540  39,654  25,022  Total liabilities  35,009  24,469  16,759  18,031  13,365  Total equity  37,776  34,243  26,781  21,623  11,657   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|