## Head Office

16th Floor, Harbor Front Building HC-3, Marine Drive, Block 4, Scheme-5 Clifton, Karachi-75600, Pakistan.

UAN:

+92-21-111-211-211

PABX:

+92-21-35297501-10

+92-21-34380106

Fax:

www.engroenergy.com/engro-powergen-qadirpur-limited/

<!-- image -->

engro powergen qadirpur limited annual report 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The economic and social progress of a country relies heavily on its power  sector. Engro Powergen  Qadirpur,  through  a  green  power plant, has opened vast opportunities for growth and progress within Pakistan.

Engro Powergen Qadirpur strongly adheres to its  goal of alleviating the energy crisis and, in doing so, is constantly on the look-out for new solutions for the Country's power industry. We envision a future for Pakistan which is enlightened  and  bright  and,  thus,  pledge  to continue lending our support  by  enabling growth for progress.

## table of contents

## corporate information

| Company Information  5  Our History  7  Vision and Mission  9  Our Strategic Commitments  11  Group Structure  13  Group Portfolio  15  Our Milestones  17  Our Footprint in Pakistan  19  Our Timeline  21  Our Core Values  23  Organizational Structure  24  Board of Directors  27  Approach to Governance  37  Board Committee  39  Our Governance Framework  41  Internal Control Framework  51  Statement of Compliance With the Code  52  of Corporate Governance  Report of the Audit Committee  55  ## corporate governance   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## business performance

| Chairman's Review  61  CEO's Message  63  Organizational Highlights  65  External Overview  66  Risks and Opportunities  68  Key Operational Highlights 2022  75  Our Value Chain Process  76  SWOT Analysis  77  Our Intergrated Value Creation Model  78  Our Intergrated Business Approach  79  Resource Allocation Plans  81  Directors' Report  84  Quaterly Analysis  93  Horizontal and Vertical Analysis  95  Summary  101  Cashflow Statement - Direct Method  103  Ratios of Last Six Years  104  Snapshots  105  Variance Analysis  113  Dupont Analysis  114  Share Price Sensitivity Analysis  115  Statement of Value Addition and Distribution   116  Enagaging Stakeholders  118   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Notice of the Annual Meeting  131  Key Shareholding and Shares Traded  137  Pattern of Shareholding  140  Shareholder Information  142  EPQL Calendar 2022  143  Major Activities in 2022  144  ## shareholder information  Review Report to the Members on  151  Statement of Compliance  Auditors Report to the Members  152  Financial Statements  156  ## financial statements  Glossary  196  Standard Request Form  197  Proxy Form  198  Proxy Form (Urdu)  199  Compliance with ICAP's BCR  200  Directors' Review (Urdu)  220  Notice of the Annual Meeting (Urdu)  224  Chairman's Report (Urdu)  226  ## annexure  Our Environmental Performance  123  Certifications  125  Occupational Health  126  and Safety Performance  Summary of Waste Management  127  Ambient Air Quality Compliance  128  Water Consumption 2022  128  ## our environmental stewardship agenda   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

corporate information

## company information

## Board Audit Committee

Kaiser Bengali - Chairperson Shabbir Hashmi Farooq Barkat Ali

## Company Secretary

Hanan Batool

Chief Financial Officer

Amir Qasim

Head of Internal Audit

Ekta Sitani

## bankers / development finance institute

Al Baraka Bank (Pakistan) Ltd.

Allied Bank Ltd.

Bank Alfalah Ltd.

Faysal Bank Ltd.

National Bank of Pakistan

MCB Bank Ltd.

Pak Kuwait Investment Company (Pvt) Ltd.

Pak Brunei Investment Company Ltd.

Soneri Bank Ltd.

Bank of Punjab

Habib Metropolitan Bank Limited

Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Ltd.

## plant

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Plant Site Deh Belo Sanghari, Taluka, District Ghotki

<!-- image -->

## board of directors

Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui

Chairman

Fauzia Viqar Nausheen Ahmad Farooq Barkat Ali

Shahab Qader

Chief Executive Officer

Shabbir Hashmi Kaiser Bengali Vaqar Zakaria

## shares registrar

FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited 8-F, Next to Hotel Faran, Nursery, Block-6 PECHS, Shahrah-e-Faisal, Karachi

Tel: +92-21-34380101-5  | Fax: +92-21-34380106

## registered office

16th Floor, The Harbour Front Building, HC # 3, Marine Drive, Block 4, Clifton, Karachi-75600, Pakistan UAN: +92 (21) 111 211 211

PABX: +92 (21) 35297501-10

## auditors

A.F. Ferguson &amp; Co Chartered Accountants State Life Building No. 1-C, I.I. Chundrigar Road Karachi-74000, Pakistan Tel: +92(21) 32426682-6 / 32426711-5

Fax +92(21) 32415007 / 32427938

## website

www.engroenergy.com/engro-powergen-qadirpur-limited/

## ceo message (video link)

https://www.engroenergy.com/media-gallery/

engro powergen qadirpur limited

<!-- image -->

annual report 2022

<!-- image -->

## our history

On 27th March 2010, the spark of an idea conceived in one team's imagination became reality and Engro Powergen Qadirpur (EPQL) declared commencement of commercial operations.

At the turn of the century, Pakistan was anticipated to face severe and debilitating power shortages in the near future.  We decided to take up the challenge and contribute to reducing the energy shortfall in the Country. The search for a viable long-term power project led to something extraordinary as vision and ingenuity came together to find the answer to the challenge.

For  several  years  employees  of  Engro  while  traveling  on  the  National  Highway  from Sukkur to Daharki, passed the Qadirpur gas field. Located 600 km from Karachi, the Qadirpur gas field is amongst Pakistan's largest gas reserves. From the highway they could see a huge flare of permeate gas. This flare, which is the by-product of the gas purification process, consisted mainly of Methane (60%), Carbon Dioxide (31%), Nitrogen (8%),  Hydrogen  Sulfide  (320ppm),  and  about  1%  of  other  hydrocarbons.  The  sulfur content made it unfit for household consumption. Our team was finally struck with the idea  that  energy  could  be  harnessed  from  this  waste  gas.  Use  of  permeate  gas  for electricity generation would also reduce carbon dioxide emissions produced when the gas is flared, hence its utilization resulted in a 'green solution' falling in line with Engro's philosophy. And so that short journey from Sukkur to Daharki became the stepping stone for our journey into the power sector.

A team was immediately formed to work on the feasibility of a permeate gas power plant. The project team's diligence &amp; perseverance was finally rewarded when construction on a 217 MW combined cycle power plant was started in 2008. On 27th March 2010, the spark  of  an  idea  conceived  in  one  team's  imagination  became  reality  and  Engro Powergen Qadirpur declared commencement of commercial operations. Our Plant was the  first  power  plant  to  be  commissioned  under  the  2002  power  policy  and  was completed in record time after the letter of intent (LOI) application. Our expertise coupled with relentless determination resulted in the Plant achieving commercial operations three months before the agreed schedule date.

The electricity generated through the Plant is transmitted to the National Transmission and  Dispatch  Company  (NTDC)  under  the  Power  Purchase  Agreement  (PPA)  dated October 26, 2007 which is valid for a period of 25 years from the Commercial Operations Date.

The project is unique as it converts low-BTU, high sulfur content permeate gas, which was earlier being wasted and flared, into much needed electric power. The Plant is a combined cycle plant, with 1+1+1 configuration; i.e. one gas turbine, one heat recovery steam generator (HRSG), and one steam turbine. The Plant uses permeate gas as its primary  fuel  source  and  HSD  as  backup  fuel.  The  unique  fuel  usage,  which  was previously  being  flared,  makes  Engro  Powergen  Qadirpur  Limited  one  of  the  lowest opportunity cost thermal power plants in the country.

The Plant has a huge social impact as it helps provide non-stop electricity supply to areas that face severe load shedding; and employment to the locals.

## vision

To ensure affordable energy and reliable operations thereby creating value for all stakeholders.

## mission

Plant operations and maintenance in a manner resulting in continuous supply to national grid by harnessing human talent and local resources giving high priority to health, safety and environment in a positive, sustainable and affordable way.

## our strategic commitments

<!-- image -->

Maintain highest workplace safety standards

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Continue with our commitment towards education, health, infrastructure, and livelihood areas in which we operate

Continue to benchmark performance against acclaimed environmental practice as per World Bank and National Environmental Quality Standards

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ensure reliability and sustainability of operations and business processes

Explore options on alternate sources of fuel supply for future needs

Develop and retain high performance teams/talent with a focus on deploying a diverse, inclusive and equitable work space

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

en abling

14

gro wth

## group portfolio

<!-- image -->

Top 50 fertilizer manufacturer in the world; 5 decades of operations as a world class business

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## dairy

12 million consumer base; market leader in Pakistan's UHT segment and number 2 dairy dessert brand

## telecom infrastructure

Operating an independent tower company with a view to engage all the Mobile Network Operators to cater to their network deployment needs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## energy &amp; mining

Operating Pakistan's first 217 MW power plant on permeate gas; Operating first ever 2x330 MW mine-mouth coal power plant

## petrochemicals

The only fully integrated chlor-vinyl chemical complex in Pakistan producing PVC and other chlorine byproducts

## chemical storage &amp; handling

Pakistan's first LNG receiving terminal, and an integrated bulk liquid chemicals and LPG terminal

<!-- image -->

## our milestones

EPQL achieved an American based Healthy Workplace Certification

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited has achieved an American based Healthy Workplace Certification (2017-2019) from Global Center for Healthy Workplaces

## EPQL annual report 2020 wins SAFA award

The EPQL Annual Report for 2020 wins the best presented Annual Report Award as a joint winner in the Power and Energy category at the South Asian Federation of Accountants (SAFA) Awards 2020.

EPQL wins national forum for environment &amp; health CSR awards

Engro Powergen Qadirpur recognized by the 'National Forum for Environment and Health', for exceptional contribution to CSR with 3 awards in the categories of Women Welfare, Empowerment &amp; Development and CSR Projects.

<!-- image -->

## SAP implementation

SAP S/4 HANA implemented at EPQL in 2021, improving the overall efficiency, performance and productivity for the business overall.

<!-- image -->

## digitization at EPQL

In 2022, EPQL completed the digital transformation project under which major manual processes have been converted to digital in-house and without any external consultant. Through this transformation, the paper usage will drastically be reduced, paving towards a greener and more sustainable office at EPQL.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## our core values

At Engro, we support our leadership culture through unique systems and policies which ensure open communication, foster an environment of employee and partner privacy, and guarantee the well-being and safety of our employees. Our core values form the basis of everything we do at Engro; from formal decision-making to how we conduct our business to spot awards and recognition. At Engro we never forget what we stand for.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## health, safety &amp; environment

Cares deeply about environmental impact and safety of people

## ethics &amp; integrity

Has impeccable character and lives by highest standards of integrity and accountability

## community &amp; society

Nurtures passion to serve country, community and company, with strong belief in the dignity and value of people

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

corporate governance

## board of directors

Yusuf Siddiqui Chairman

<!-- image -->

Yusuf Siddiqui is currently serving as the Chief Executive Officer at Engro Energy Limited effective July 1st, 2022. He joined Engro Vopak and Elengy Terminal Limited as the Chief Executive Officer in April, 2020.

Prior to this, he has headed the Shell businesses in Tunisia and Jordan. Yusuf is an energy industry executive with about 24 years of experience leading upstream, downstream &amp; renewables energy ventures in Shell, Eni &amp; BP . He has a global career profile with diverse assignments in Tunisia, Jordan, Oman,

Netherlands, Iran, Italy &amp; Pakistan. He brings valuable experience in safety, technical, strategic and commercial leadership, working with the world's top operators &amp; innovators in the changing energy landscape.

Yusuf has an engineering degree in Petroleum Engineering from the University of Engineering &amp; Technology, Lahore &amp; an MBA from the Institute of Business Administration, Karachi. He is an alumni of various leadership, production, commercial &amp; asset management academies of BP, Shell &amp; Eni. He is an avid reader of history and an outdoor enthusiast with a love for camping, swimming and water sports.

He also serves on the board of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited, Engro Energy Services Limited, Engro Energy Limited, Engro Powergen Thar Private Limited, Thar Foundation, Engro Foundation and Gel Nigeria.

<!-- image -->

## Shahab Qader Chief Executive Officer

Shahab has had more than two decades of rich industry experience in the chemical process and power utility industry where his expertise ranges from project development and project execution to Operations &amp; Management.

In addition to having worked through project development and execution at a senior level, Shahab has been part of Operations &amp; Management teams in the first twelve years of his career. He holds a bachelor's in electrical engineering from UET. He joined the EPQL board in March 2017.

He also serves on the board of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Ltd, Gel Nigeria, Engro Power Services Limited and Siddiqsons Energy Limited en

abling

28

gro wth

## board of directors

Shabbir Hashmi Director

<!-- image -->

Shabbir Hashmi has more than 35 years of project finance and private equity experience. At Actis Capital, one of the largest private equity investors in the emerging market, he has led the Pakistan operations. Prior to Actis, he was responsible for a large regional portfolio of CDC Group Plc for Pakistan and Bangladesh. He also did a long stint with USAID and later briefly with the World Bank in Pakistan, specializing in planning and development of energy sector of the country. In the past, he has held more than 24 board directorships as a nominee of CDC/Actis and 11 directorships as an independent director. He is also on the board of governors of The Help Care Society which is operating K-12 schools in Lahore for underprivileged children.

He is an engineer from Dawood College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Pakistan and holds an MBA from J.F. Kennedy University, USA. He joined the EPQL Board in 2010.

He also serves on the board of The Helpcare Society, DH Corporation, FINCA Microfinance Limited, OJ Engineering Ltd, Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited and Cyan Ltd.

Fauzia Viqar Director

<!-- image -->

Fauzia Viqar is an internationally recognized expert and visionary leader on gender issues in development. She has vast experience of working with government and civil society organizations in Canada and Pakistan where Fauzia has led large programs on human rights and women's empowerment. As Chairperson of the Punjab Commission on the Status of Women, Fauzia succeeded in placing gender equality at the core of government processes, by providing concrete evidence derived from unique data collection mechanisms that she pioneered. She currently serves as an Advisor to various development projects providing technical assistance to the governments in Pakistan and also heads a development consultancy, Rah Center for Management and Development. Fauzia serves on various policy making boards and committees. She joined the Board in 2019.

She also serves on the board of Rah Center for Management and Development (Private) Limited, Social Policy and Development Center, Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited and Omar Asghar Khan Foundation (NGO).

en abling

30

gro wth

## board of directors

<!-- image -->

## Vaqar Zakaria Director

Vaqar Zakaria has over 40 years' experience in energy and environmental management in Pakistan and in the region. His professional focus has been on business policy and strategy evaluation, planning of energy production and distribution systems, energy pricing, demand forecasting, and environmental assessment of energy projects. With private sector firms, he has been extensively involved in power, and oil and gas infrastructure projects, including conceptual planning, engineering and project management. He has assisted the Planning Commission, energy ministries, state owned utilities, the World Bank, the Asian Development Bank, and the private sector in the development of energy infrastructure, policies to promote investment in the energy sector, and in formulating short and long-term energy plans. He played a key role in setting up Hagler Bailly Pakistan in 1990, where he continues to oversee all organizational matters. He has also been instrumental in establishing the Himalayan Wildlife Foundation, an NGO active in setting up national parks and assisting the communities and government in management of the protected areas. He holds Bachelors and Master's degrees in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), USA. He joined the EPQL Board in 2008.

He also serves on the board of Hagler Bailly Pakistan, (Managing Director), Pakistan Foundation Fighting Blindness, (Member Board of Trustees), Elengy Terminal Pakistan Limited, Islamabad Wildlife Management Board and Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited.

<!-- image -->

## Kaiser Bengali Director

Kaiser Bengali is an economist with over 40 years of experience in teaching, research and policy advice in Pakistan and abroad. He has a master's in economics from Boston University, USA, and a Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Karachi, Pakistan. He has taught and conducted research at prestigious institutions in Pakistan, such as the Applied Economics Research Centre (AERC), University of Karachi, Sustainable Development Policy Institute (SDPI), Islamabad, Shaheed Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science &amp; Technology (SZABIST), and was Managing Director of the

## Social Policy &amp; Development Centre (SPDC), Karachi.

His areas of research interest include issues in planning &amp; development and macro-economic and fiscal policies, particularly relating to inter-personal and inter-regional inequality, poverty, unemployment, and social justice, urban and regional planning, decentralization and local government and finance, education, and ethnic, sectarian and religious militancy and violence. His areas of expertise and experience include political management of planning &amp; development, management of institutions, personnel and finance. He has also served in a number of government positions. Till recently, he was Head of the Chief Minister's Policy Reform Unit, Government of Balochistan. Earlier, he was Advisor to the Chief Minister of Sindh for Planning &amp; Development. He was also the first head of the Benazir Income Support Programme and designed the programme. He was also Sindh's representative on the 7th National Finance Commission, which gave a successful Award. He has now been nominated on the 8th NFC to represent Balochistan. He has over 50 research publications in national and international journals and conferences and he is the author/editor of 8 books on subjects ranging from unemployment, inequality and poverty to education, water, gender, and regional development. He has regularly contributed articles on economic and political issues in newspapers and appears on electronic media. He joined the Board in 2019. He also serves on the board of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited, Sindh Education Foundation Bargad (NGO), PPP Support Fund (Sindh Govt) and Omar Asghar Khan Foundation (NGO).

en abling

32

gro wth

## board of directors

Nausheen Ahmad Director

<!-- image -->

She holds an LL.B. from Kings College, London, an LL.M. degree from the University of London and a degree in the Philosophy of Religion from Kings College, London. She was called to the Bar from the Honorable Society of Grays Inn London and is registered as an Advocate of the Sindh High Court. She was also accredited as a mediator and master trainer by the Centre for Effective Dispute Resolution, UK.

Having spent over three decades in the corporate sector, Ms. Ahmad brings with her a tremendous amount of experience and expertise in the legal field, as well as proven leadership skills. She began her legal practice with the corporate law firm Surridge and Beecheno. Later, she went on to hold the position of Legal Counsel at Pakistan Petroleum Ltd., Unilever Pakistan Ltd. , ICI Pakistan Ltd. and Habib Bank Limited as the Company Secretary and General Counsel.

Ms. Ahmad left inhouse legal practice in mid 2021 to establish a boutique law firm called the Legal and Governance Advisory to provide corporate governance advice and training to businesses. She is an executive trainer and teaches the Directors Certification Training with PICG and IBA. She also conducts diversity and inclusion training and conflict resolution and negotiation skills courses. Ms Ahmad is part of the visiting faculty at KSBL and IOBM, Karachi.

She also serves on the board of Meezan Bank Limited, Jubilee General Insurance Company Limited, International Steels Limited, Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited, Descon Engineering Ltd.

## Other Recent Offices held:

First Women Bank Limited (FWBL) Pakistan Stock Exchange Limited (PSX)

Farooq Barkat Ali Director

<!-- image -->

Farooq Barkat Ali is the Chief Financial Officer of Engro Fertilizer Limited. Previously he was serving as the Chief Financial Officer of Engro Energy Limited (EEL). As CFO at Engro Energy he looked after various aspects of the business including Performance Management of EEL subsidiaries, Treasury &amp; Investor Relations and financial oversight of all entities under the energy vertical. Farooq has also served as Vice President Finance at Engro Corporation Ltd the holding company for EEL, as the Chief Financial Officer of Engro Powergen Qadirpur

## and Engro Eximp Pvt Limited.

He is a Chartered Accountant by profession from Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan (ICAP) and was associated with Pricewaterhouse Coopers (PwC) in Karachi. He carries nearly two decades of experience in various Finance and commercial roles. Farooq started his career with Reckitt Benckiser way back in 2002 and then moved to Shell Pakistan in 2007 before joining Engro Group in 2013. During his career Farooq has managed multiple projects including Financing of mega projects, ERP implementations and Mergers &amp; Acquisitions.

He also serves on the board of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited, Engro Powergen Thar (Pvt.) Limited, Engro Energy Services Limited, Engro Power International Holding BV, Engro Power Investments International BV and Engro Power Services Holding BV.

## board of directors

<!-- image -->

Yusuf

## governance approach to

## empowerment with accountability

Whilst  we  seek  to  empower  our  employees  to  facilitate  business  decision  making,  we  also  hold  them accountable for their actions. During performance of various job tasks, employees are required to ensure that they conduct themselves in a manner that reflects positively on the company.

As part of deploying a rigorous internal control framework all our employees are held to the highest of standards and are responsible for:

- Complying with all applicable laws, company policies and procedures
- Maintaining appropriate ethical behavior in all internal and external dealings
- Reporting  any  suspected  misconduct,  illegal  activity,  fraud,  abuse  of  company  assets  or  other violation of ethical standards
- Submit an ethics compliance declaration.

Our Supporting Infrastructure to Aid in Ethical Conduct

## orientation

- Brief to new hires about policies on ethical business conduct

## reinforcement

- Workshops on Ethics carried out periodically
- All  vendors,  contractors  and  customers  are  sent  the  Ethics  Policy  statement,  which  has  been translated into Urdu, periodically with a request to ensure compliance in their dealings with the company
- Clauses related to Ethics and Conflicts of Interest are mandatory in all contracts entered into by the company

## monitoring of compliance

- Voluntary disclosure of actual or suspected non-compliance through Irregularity Reporting system
- Irregularity reports are shared with management and Board Audit Committee on a quarterly basis
- Whistleblower system whereby employees are encouraged to raise red flags and help strengthen the control environment
- Whistleblower  complaints  and  results  of  their  investigations  are  also  reported  to  Board  Audit Committee every quarter
- We are also cognizant of the fact that our employees may encounter a variety of legal issues while taking decisions to conduct business and, therefore, they need to be aware of the legal implications

of their actions. Consequently, to mitigate risks associated with non-compliance we continue to host  information  and  training  sessions  that  promote  compliance  to  the  law  and  strengthen awareness of systems and protocols that have been instituted to monitor and report any such violations. We also encourage our employees to seek clarification from their respective supervisors and company's legal advisors to ensure that we remain fully compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.

- As an enabler of ethical excellence, we believe in promoting fair trade and a free-market competitive system - an objective that all our companies seek to pursue. While all our companies compete vigorously in the marketplace, they also ensure compliance with the Competition Act 2010 and, therefore, compete on the merits of their product quality, prices, service and the customer loyalty we  create  by  fulfilling  the  needs  of  all  our  consumers  and  clients.  In  order  to  reinforce  our commitment to the competition laws, all Engro companies have joined up to the requirements of the voluntary competition compliance code initiative of the CCP and implemented all its requirements. Furthermore, we also strive to ensure that all our employees remain transparent in their dealings and are accurate in describing the attributes of the Company's products.
- Our employees often have access to confidential information on future plans and financial data. Such individuals-commonly referred to as 'insiders' can use this information in the public domain for trading or tipping others to trade in the Company's securities or use this information to exercise any share options granted by the Company to the employees. To discourage insider trading all our employees are educated about the ethical and legal implications of such actions.
- Yet even as we monitor the behavior of our employees and suppliers, we also make it a point to ensure  that  Engro  treats  them  fairly.  We  believe  our  commitment  to  living  up  to  our  financial obligations in a timely manner sets us apart from many of our competitors.

## board committee

## the board people's committee

The committee meets multiple times through the year to review and recommend all elements of the compensation, organization and employee development policies relating to employees including senior executives  and  to  approve  all  matters  related  to  the  salary  plans,  employee  development  plans, executive appraisals and succession planning.

The Committee met twice during the year 2022

<!-- image -->

Ms. Fauzia Viqar

Independent

Chairperson

Ms. Nausheen Ahmad Independent

Member

Mr. Vaqar Zakariya

Non-Executive

Member

Ms. Tamkeen Sardar Faisal

Head of HR

Secretary

## the board audit committee

The  committee  meets  at  least  once  every  quarter  and  assists  the  Board  in  fulfilling  its  oversight responsibilities, primarily in reviewing and  reporting  financial and  non-financial information to shareholders, systems of internal control and risk management and the audit process. It has the power to  call  on  information  from  management  and  to  consult  directly  with  the  external  auditors  or  their advisors as considered appropriate.

The  Chief  Financial  Officer  regularly  attends  the  Board  Audit  Committee  meetings  by  invitation  to present the accounts. After each meeting, the Chairman of the Committee reports to the Board.

The Committee met four times during the year 2022

<!-- image -->

Mr. Kaiser Bengali Independent

Chairman

Mr. Shabbir Hashmi

Non-Executive

Member

Mr. Farooq Barkat Ali Non-Executive

Member

Ms. Ekta Sitani Head of Internal Audit

Secretary

<!-- image -->

## our governance

## framework

## directors orientation program

The  Human  Resource  department  chalks  out  a  formal  orientation  plan,  which  is  followed  at  the induction of a new Board member. The orientation plan is devised to familiarise the new member with the business. Each Divisional Head of the Company takes them through a presentation pertaining to their  own divisions, and macro-level policies are discussed. During the year, one new director was appointed, and orientation course was conducted.

## directors' remuneration

The remuneration of the Board members is approved by the Board itself. However, in accordance with the Code of Governance, it is ensured that no Director takes part in deciding his own remuneration. The Company does not pay remuneration to non-executive directors except for fees for attending the meetings. For information on remuneration of Directors and CEO in 2022, please refer notes to the Financial Statements. The Company has a documented policy which generally restricts employees from holding directorships in companies that are not subsidiaries or joint ventures of Engro Corporation Limited. However, the President of Engro Corporation Limited or the Chairman of the Company, may make exceptions to this general rule in special circumstances. All expenses incurred by an employee serving as a director of a company that is not a subsidiary or joint venture of ECL in accordance with this policy will be for that employee's own account. The employee may accept and retain annual fees, meeting fees, other remuneration or reimbursed expenses specifically related to service as a director.

## performance evaluation of directors

The Board has developed a formal mechanism for evaluation of board's own performance, members of board and of its committees. The assessment was carried out twice in the current year.

The performance evaluation focuses on:

- Clarity of agenda and objectives
- Preparation for the meetings
- Quality and diversity of discussions
- Clarity of decisions and outcome

## role of the chairman &amp; the ceo

The  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  Managing  Director/CEO  of  the  Company  have  well  defined, separate but complimentary roles in line with the Companies Act, 2017 and the Listed Companies (Code of Corporate Governance) Regulations, 2019.

## chairman epql board

Chairman is responsible for providing effective leadership to the Board particularly during Board and shareholders' meetings. He sets the agenda of the Board meetings and ensures that reasonable time is available for discussion of the same. He ensures a conducive environment for overall effectiveness of the Board  and  facilitates and  encourages  the  contribution of executive,  non-executive  and independent  directors  in  carrying  out  the  Board's  business  in  line  with  applicable  laws,  rules  and regulations. At the start of the term of newly appointed directors, the Chairman informs them about their  roles,  responsibilities,  duties  and  powers  to  help  them  effectively  manage  the  affairs  of  the Company.

## ceo of epql

The CEO is responsible for providing effective leadership to the management and employees and for overseeing the day-to-day operations and management of the Company's businesses and affairs by ensuring that the executive team implements the policies and strategies approved by the Board. He keeps  the  Board  updated  on  significant  and  sensitive  issues  that  might  affect  the  Company.  He ensures  that  operational  plans  and  control  systems  are  in  place  and  he  regularly  monitors  actual performance against plans and takes remedial actions, where necessary.

## operations of the board

The Board is responsible for setting strategic objectives, overseeing the effective management and control  of  the  Company,  and  identifying  significant  business  risks  and  ensuring  that  policies  and mechanisms  are  in  place  to  adequately  manage  those  risks.  The  Board  has  delegated  certain responsibilities to its committees for review of relevant matters and making recommendations to the Board. All Committees operate in accordance with their TORs approved by the Board. The permanent Committees of the Board are the Board Audit Committee and the Board People Committee. Any agenda or matter that requires Board's approval is first presented to relevant Committee of the Board which, after thorough deliberations, presents its recommendations to the Board for final decision.

## board's policy on diversity

EPQL has a diverse and balanced Board which not only represents the shareholders proportionately but also provides a mix of professional expertise in leadership, finance, economics, engineering, legal, corporate law, energy and business management skills and experiences covering adequately all areas of EPQL's business undertakings.

Furthermore, in compliance with regulatory requirements, two female directors have been on the Board.

## policy for retention of fee by an executive director

As per Directors' Remuneration Policy, executive directors are not paid any fee for attending the board, committee or general meetings.

## evaluation of board, committees, CEO and the chairman

As at December 31, 2022 the Board comprises of one Executive Director, three Independent Directors, and four Non-Executive Directors. A Non-Executive Director chairs the Board and the Chief Executive Officer is Mr. Shahab Qadir. Biographical details of the Directors are given on pages 27 to 34 of the annual report. A Board of Directors' meeting calendar is issued annually that schedules the matters reserved for discussion and approval. The Board met 7 times this year and discussed matters relating to  inter  alia  current  year  performance  and  long-term  planning,  giving  consideration  both  to  the opportunities and risks of future strategy. All Board members are given appropriate documentation in

advance of each Board meeting. This normally includes a detailed analysis on businesses and full papers on matters where the Board will be required to make a decision or give its approval.

## evaluation

The  Listed  Companies  (Code  of  Corporate  Governance)  Regulations  2019  mandatorily  requires evaluation of the Board of Directors as a whole, its Committees, and the contribution of each Director to  the  strategic  direction  and  steerage  of  the  Company.  In  this  regard,  a  comprehensive  range  of self-evaluation surveys were conducted in the Company with respect to the performance of its Board of Directors and Board Committees. Purposive feedback from all Board members was solicited on areas of strategic clarity &amp; beliefs, direction of business plan, and functional adequacy of its role. Equal emphasis is given to evaluating and assessing the individual contribution of each Director during the year  by  the  Chairman  of  the  Board,  highlighting  significant  areas  of  development  for  them.  The evaluation of the members of the Board and its committees (i.e. Board Audit Committee and Board Peoples Committees) is carried out internally on the following premise:

- Timeliness: The Board Members receive timely meeting notices, clearly describing the agenda of the meetings, followed by the duly circulation of its minutes.
- Preparedness: The  Board  Members  are  provided with the well-structured financial  and non-financial reports on significant matters at least seven days before the meeting.
- Participation and inclusivity: The Board meetings are conducted in a manner that ensures open communication,  meaningful  participation,  and  timely  resolution  of  issues.  The  Board  Members respect the difference between the Board's policy- making role and CEO's management role.
- Transparency: The Board Members determine goals, expectation and concerns, and ensure its due communication to the CEO.

The evaluation of CEO and Chairman is also carried out on above criteria. The overall performance of the  Board,  its  committees,  Chairman  and  CEO  measured  based  on  approved  criteria  remained satisfactory.

## formal orientation of our board

The  Human  Resource  department  chalks  out  a  formal  orientation  plan,  which  is  followed  at  the induction of a new Board member. The orientation plan is devised to familiarise the new member with the business. Each Divisional Head of the Company takes them through a presentation pertaining to their  own divisions, and macro-level policies are discussed. During the year, one new director was appointed.

## details of board meetings held outside Pakistan during the year

During 2022, all Board meetings were held in Pakistan.

## security clearance of foreign directors

EPQL has never had a foreign director on its Board. In case a foreign director is elected on the Board in future, security clearance will be required from the Ministry of Interior through the SECP . A detailed

SOP is in place for security clearance and provision of security to the foreigners coming into Pakistan to work with the Company.

## performance evaluation of the ceo

The performance of the CEO is formally appraised through the evaluation system which is based on quantitative and qualitative values. It includes the performance of the business, the accomplishment of objectives, organization building, succession planning and corporate success.

## matters decided and delegated by board of directors

The powers of the Board of Directors and the management of the Company have been defined with special  reference  to,  and  in  compliance  with,  the  Companies  Act  2017,  the  Code  of  Corporate Governance and the Articles of Association of the Company. In addition to approving the vision, core values,  corporate  strategy  and  the  policies  for  conduct  of  business  of  the  Company,  the  types  of decisions taken by the Board includes the following:

- To issue shares
- To issue debentures or any instrument in the nature of redeemable capital
- To borrow moneys otherwise than on debentures
- To invest and divest funds of the company
- To make loans
- To authorise a director or the firm of which he is a partner or any partner of such firm or a private company of which he is a member or director to enter into any contract with the company for making sale, purchase or supply of goods or rendering services with the company
- To approve financial statements
- To approve bonus to employees
- To  incur  capital  expenditure  on  any  single  item  or  dispose  of  a  fixed  asset  in  accordance  with the limits as may be specified
- To undertake obligations under leasing contracts exceeding such amount as may be notified
- To declare interim dividend
- Having regard to such amount as may be determined to be material (as construed in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) by the board
- To write off bad debts, advances and receivables
- To write off inventories and other assets of the company
- To determine the terms of and the circumstances in which a lawsuit may be compromised and a claim or right in favour of a company may be released, extinguished or relinquished
- To take over a company or acquire a controlling or substantial stake in another company
- Any other matter which may be specified

## matters delegated to the management

Management  of  the  Company  is  entrusted  with  the  responsibility  to  conduct  operations  of  the Company  adhering  to  the  vision,  core  values,  corporate  strategy  and  the  policies  for  conduct  of business approved by Board of Directors. The delegation of authority to the management has been formally  documented  in  the  Limits  of  Authority  Manual  (LOAM)  which  is  periodically  reviewed  and appropriately updated.

## responsibilities of management for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair  presentation  of  the  financial  statements  in accordance  with  the  accounting  and  reporting  standards  as  applicable  in  Pakistan  and  the requirements of Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017) and for such internal controls as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation and presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

## conflict of interest among board members

A formal code of conduct is in place that promotes ethical culture in the company and prevents conflict of interest in capacity as member of the board, senior management and other employees. The code of conduct also includes a section on fiduciary duties of Directors which included the following:

- Duty not to place themselves in a position of conflict between their personal interests and those of the company - this includes the duty to disclose any such personal interests to the Company and the duty not to make secret and/or incidental profits at the expense of the company
- Duty to account for profits, and not to make secret or incidental profits
- Duty not to act on behalf of Company in any matter in which he/she has an interest that conflicts, or may conflict, with his duties to his/her company
- The Directors of the Company excuse themselves from the meetings when the matters under discussion involve a conflict or potential conflict of interest with the activities of any undertaking in which they may hold a real or beneficial interest

## contracts/ transactions with related parties

The  Company  has  an  established  and  approved  policy  of  governing  transactions  between  the Company  and  its  Related  Parties,  in  compliance  with  the  requirements  of  Section  208  of  the Companies Act, 2017 and the Companies (Related Party Transactions and Maintenance of Related Records) Regulations, 2018. The policy provides a framework for governance and reporting of Related Party Transactions, and is intended to ensure due and timely approval, disclosure including its pricing policy and reporting of transactions between the Company and any of its Related Parties in compliance with  the  applicable  laws.  During  the  period,  the  Company  has  not  entered  into  any  contract  or arrangement, other than ordinary course of business on an arm's length basis, with its related parties.

## investors' grievance policy

The Company strives to develop and maintain trustworthy relations with all its stakeholders, including shareholders and investors. It recognizes the importance of timely and fair disclosure of all material information to them, without advantage to any particular investor, group or investment advisor / analyst, in order to enable them to make informed decisions about investing in the Company. The Company's contact details are disclosed in 'Company Information' section of this annual report and on it's website under 'Investors relation' section to facilitate shareholders / other investors' and timely resolve their complaints, if any.

## policy for safety records of the company

The Company has a documented Record Retention Policy to ensure the safety of the records for periods  that  exceed  the  minimum  requirement  prescribed  by  Companies  Act,  2017  and  other applicable regulatory requirements. In addition, the Company has a formally documented Business Continuity Plan (BCP) complemented by a formal Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP).

## disclosure on IT governance policy and cybersecurity

At  Engro,  the  Board  of  Directors  are  the  ultimate  authority  for  cyber  security  strategy.  The  BAC  is responsible for reviewing the significant IT risks and ensuring the corrective and remediation strategy is in place. To facilitate the board, Engro's Executive Committee (EXCOM) plays a pivotal role in ensuring that detailed security assessment is carried out for all new and existing technology initiatives supported by an Information Technology Steering Committee (ITSC) and the Chief Information Officer (CIO).

The Company has a centralized Information and Communication technology (ICT) function which is responsible  for  appropriate  mechanisms  for  detections  of  risks  and  timely  communication  to  the relevant stake holders. Further, the Company also has a disaster recovery plan in place which ensures all necessary procedures to restore the affected systems for smooth processing of operations in case the system is hindered.

Further  to  educate  the  engronians  on  the  cyber  security  risks  the  Company  periodically  conducts sessions and activities on on-site and physical IS awareness and Phishing emails.

## whistleblower policy - 'speak out!'

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  have  established  a  Whistle-blower  policy  which  allows employees and third parties such as suppliers, customers and contractors to raise any concerns they have regarding business ethics, safety, environmental performance, harassment, employment related matters or other possible breaches of company's code of conduct. The Company also has specific procedures in place to increase awareness of the policy. In order to further strengthen the Company's Ethics  compliance  program  and  promote  adherence  to  sound  business  conduct,  all  employees, customers, suppliers and contractors are encouraged to report serious concerns that could have a significant impact on the organization, such as actions that:

- Are unlawful or may damage the reputation of the Company
- Are fraudulent and lead to a loss of assets
- May be intended to result in incorrect financial reporting
- Are in violation of various corporate policies governing business conduct
- Are in violation of Health, Safety &amp; Environmental standards applicable to the business
- Give rise to harassment, discrimination or other unfair employment practices

As per the requirements of the policy, confidentiality of complainants is maintained to protect them from any form of retaliation or victimization for genuinely held concerns that are raised in good  faith. Further, all concerns reported are investigated confidentially by the Corporate Audit Department (CAD) which are also presented on a quarterly basis to the Board Audit Committee (BAC).

All complaints and concerns should be reported on the Speakout platform at Speakout@engro.com for confidential investigation.

## human resource management &amp; succession planning

The Company has a documented Human Resource management policy which aims to attract, induct, develop, retain and motivate high calibre talent who are qualified, capable and willing to contribute their best towards accomplishment of Company objectives.

To complement this policy several other policies have been developed for recruitment, compensation and organizational development. The Company's HR policies have been developed encompassing following principles:

## equal opportunity

- Provide equal opportunity to all job applicants through clearly defined and consistently applied induction standards.
- Create a work environment where every employee has an equal opportunity to develop their skills and talents.

## training and development

- To meet employee and organizational needs, provide opportunities to employees for acquisition of knowledge for technical and managerial skills through classroom and on-the-job learning.

## performance management

- Have a transparent and merit-based performance management system in place.
- Have a formal career development and succession planning system.
- Clearly defined system for career progression based on merit and potential.

## compensation and benefits

- Rewards policies aligned with best companies in the market that compete for high quality talent.
- Clear linkage of reward policies with performance and potential.

## diversity and non-discrimination

- Provide an environment free from all forms of discrimination and harassment at workplace.
- Foster gender diversity at all levels within the Company.
- Policies aimed at creating flexible and conducive working arrangements for all.

## succession planning policy

The Company's Succession Planning policy is aimed at ensuring seamless business continuity, through a stronger talent pipeline for future leadership positions. Keeping People Development at the core and recognizing that change is imminent, focus is on skill enhancement for all current and future business needs  to  ensure  that  the  organization  remains  abreast  with  changing  times.  Career  growth  for employees has also been mapped keeping in view, the individual's potential, experience, display of Engro competencies along with other factors. Each employee is provided training and development opportunities  and  is  equipped  with  the  necessary  tools  and  resources  to  perform  at  the  job.  The Company has also initiated the Leadership Pipeline Development Framework, which encompasses a holistic  approach  to  People  Development  covering  aspects  like  on-going  coaching,  rotations  and Cross Functional Projects. In addition to this, Mentorship is also an integral part of the system along with a Top Talent Strategy to ensure focused upward mobility.

## social and environmental responsibility policy

The  Company  believes  that  businesses,  in  their  normal  course  of  operations,  create  positive  and adverse impacts. The Company is committed to improve it's understanding of social and environmental impacts of it's business and it will quantify the impact on the lives of it's customers, suppliers and communities in which it operates and will strive to minimize adverse impacts. The associated funding requirement  will  be  part  of  the  business  cost.  The  Company's  Social  Responsibility  policies  and practices include:

- Statement of ethics and business practices
- Policy for handling conflict of interest
- Employee Code of Conduct
- Policy for soliciting customers, suppliers, vendors and contractors
- Allocation of funds for social investments

The Company aims to be recognized as a world class performer in the field of Health, safety and environmental management. For this it will:

- Comply with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and apply responsible standards where law and regulations does not exist.
- Conserve natural resources &amp; energy by continuously improving our processes and measuring performance.
- Continuously improve our processes to minimize pollution and waste.

'Social Investments' section of the Directors' report to the shareholders outlines the Company's Social and Environmental practices and interventions during the year.

## business continuity plan

The Company has a formally documented Business Continuity Plan (BCP) complemented by a formal Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP). The BCP and DRP specifies the policy and procedures implemented at the Company for the safety of critical electronic, hard copy data and processes to ensure all critical functions continue in case of a disruption or disaster. The main purpose of the Company policies for safety of ERP systems and business records are as follows:

- Define  roles  and  responsibilities  of  all  functions  and  departments  to  ensure  that  a  proper mechanism is in place within their department for backup of electronic data and digitization and archival of critical hard copy documents.
- Define arrangements for storage of ERP systems and business data at secure location with state of the art protections against physical deterioration, fire, natural disasters etc.
- Availability of suitable alternate site for backup of critical information systems including defining the  methodologies  for  replication  of  applications  on  the  alternate  site  based  on  industry  best practices.
- Provide  mechanism  and  arrangements  for  digitization  (through  a  Document  Management Solution) and archival of critical hard copy data and for backup of critical electronic data.

## enterprise resource planning (erp)

The Company has constant focus on optimization of ERP to achieve efficiency in internal controls and attain a paperless environment. In 2021, the Company implemented SAP S4/Hana as a software to integrate the core business processes like Finance, HR, supply chain and inventory management in a single system to inbuilt operation efficiencies and synergies.

The Company also has a risk assessment system led by a dedicated team of ERP specialists who are constantly working on providing spontaneous solutions and extensive trainings to the stakeholders in turn ensuring that the Company can achieve optimum accuracy in reporting.

## sponsors, directors and executives shareholding

Information  relating  to  shares  held  by  Sponsor,  Directors  and  Executives  has  been  disclosed  in Directors Report on page 141.

## beneficial (including indirect) ownership and flow chart of group shareholding

Complete disclosure of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited shareholders has been provided in Director's Report on page 142. In addition, group shareholding and direct &amp; indirect ownerships of the Company are demonstrated on page 13.

## compliance with best practices of code of corporate governance

Information relating to compliance with the best practices of code of Corporate Governance have been provided on page 151.

## interaction with major shareholders

Engro Energy Limited continues to be the major shareholder in the Company which is kept abreast with the business updates on a quarterly basis. Furthermore, other interactions include the annual general meeting,  extra  ordinary  general  meetings,  corporate  briefings/road  shows,  responding  to  investor queries either raised on email, website or on telephone.

## investors' relations section on corporate website

The investors'  relations  section  on  the  Company's  website  (https://www.engroenergy.com/epql/)  is updated regularly to provide detailed and latest company information including financial highlights, investor information and other requisite information. Furthermore, the Company's website also contains the link to SECP's investor education portal, 'Jamapunji'.

## issues raised at last agm

The Company's Annual General Meeting for year ended December 31, 2021 was held on March 22, 2022, which was attended by Chariman of Audit Committee and no major issues were raised by the Shareholders during the meeting.

## compliance of International financial reporting standards (ifrs)

The management of the Company strongly believes in adherence to unreserved compliance with all the applicable  International  Accounting  Standards  (IAS)  /  IFRS  issued  by  International  Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and as adopted by SECP vital to fair preparation and presentation of financial information. Compliance to IFRS encourages sufficient disclosures of the financial statements that are beneficial for informed decisions of stakeholders. Financial statements for the year have been prepared in  accordance  with  the  accounting  and  reporting  standards  issued  by  IASB  as  are  applicable  in Pakistan. IFRS adoption status is in detail is explained in note 2 of the annexed financial statements.

## efforts to implement governance practices exceeding legal requirements

With a strong legacy system, Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited continues to optimize its governance framework by institutionalizing its core values, policies and principles across the board to surpass the legal  requirements  and  adhere  to  global  Best  Practices  and  Standards  of  governance.  Some governance practices being followed by the management include:

- Voluntary disclosure of additional corporate and financial information in this annual report for the year  ended  2022,  although  not  required  by  any  law,  to  make  the  Company's  affairs  more transparent and to give better insight of the Company's affairs, policies and strategies
- Implementation  of  Health,  Safety  and  Environment  Policy  for  better  and  safe  workplace environment for employees, workers and surrounded community
- Implementation of various social projects for welfare of the community as part of it's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
- Adoption of a strict insider trading policy whereby all employees of the Company are restricted from trading in shares of the Company
- Restriction of employees of group companies to adhere to close period requirements
- The Company endeavors to replicate the best practices to its privately owned subsidiaries

## minority shareholders at AGMs

Notice of Annual General Meeting is sent to all shareholders of the Company at least twenty-one days before the date fixed for meeting. Such notice is published in Urdu and English languages in at least in one issue each of daily newspaper of respective language having nationwide circulation Further, notice of AGM is also placed on Company's website. The Company encourages maximum participation from all the shareholders including minority shareholders.

## internal control

## framework

## responsibility

The Board is ultimately responsible to ensure that a system of sound internal control is established, which is effectively implemented and maintained at all levels within the Company. However, such a system is designed to govern rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives. The Board,  whilst  maintaining  its  overall  responsibility  for  governance  of  risk  within  the  Company,  has delegated the detailed design and operation of the system of internal controls to the Chief Executive.

## framework

The Company maintains an established control framework comprising clear structures, authority limits, and accountabilities, well communicated and understood policies and procedures and budgeting for review  processes.  All  policies  and  control  procedures  are  documented  in  manuals.  The  Board establishes overall corporate strategy and the Company's business objectives. Divisional management integrates these objectives into divisional business strategies with supporting financial objectives.

## review

The Board meets at least once in a quarter, to consider the Company's financial performance, financial and operating budgets and forecasts, business growth and development plans, capital expenditure proposals and other key performance indicators. The Board Audit Committee receives reports on the system of internal financial controls from the external and internal auditors and reviews the process for monitoring the effectiveness of internal controls. There is a Company-wide policy governing appraisal and approval of investment expenditure and asset disposals. Post completion reviews are performed on all material investment expenditure.

## internal audit

EPQL has an Internal Audit function, manned with suitably qualified and experienced staff. The Board Audit  Committee  annually  reviews  the  appropriateness  of  resources  and  authority  of  this  function. Moreover, the Board Audit Committee in coordination with the Board People Committee ensures that the performance review and compensation mechanisms of the Internal Audit personnel are appropriate to  maintain  their  independence  from  the  Company's  management.  The  Head  of  Internal  Audit functionally reports to the Audit Committee and has indirect reporting to the Head of Corporate Audit of the Ultimate Parent Company i.e. Engro Corporation Limited. The Head of Internal Audit only reports for administrative matters to the CEO of the Company. The Board Audit Committee approves the audit program, based on an annual risk assessment of the operating areas.  The  Internal  Audit  function carries out reviews on the financial, operational and compliance controls, and reports on findings to the Board  Audit  Committee.  The  Company  ensures  appropriate  focus  on  its  business  ethics  policies through an inhouse Ethics and Compliance section, housed within its Internal Audit department that monitors compliance against all ethics related policies, interalia the following:

- Code of Conduct
- Statement of Ethics and Business Practice
- Governance of Conflicts of Interest
- Whistleblower Policy - Speak Out
- Governance of Transactions/Contracts with Related Parties

## statement of compliance with listed companies

## (code of corporate governance)

regulations, 2019

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited

Year ended December 31, 2022

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (there after refered to as the 'Company') has complied with the requirements  of  the  Listed  Companies  (Code  of  Corporate  Governance)  Regulations,  2019  (the 'Regulations') in the following manner:

1. The total number of directors are Eight as per the following,
* Including the Chief Executive Officer.
2. The composition of the Board as at December 31, 2022 is as follows:
3. The directors have confirmed that none of them is serving as a director on more than seven listed companies, including this Company;
4. The Company has prepared a code of conduct and has ensured that appropriate steps have been taken to disseminate it throughout the Company along with its supporting policies and procedures;
5. The Board has developed a vision/mission statement, overall corporate strategy, and significant

<!-- image -->

| Category  Name  Independent Director  Mr. Kaiser Bengali  Independent Directors  Ms. Nausheen Ahmad  (Female)  Ms. Fauzia Viqar  Non-Executive Directors  Mr. Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui  Mr. Farooq Barkat Ali  Mr. Shabbir Hashmi  Mr. Vaqar Zakaria  Chief Executive Officer  Mr. Shahab Qader   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- policies  of  the  Company.  The  Board  has  ensured  that  complete  record  of  particulars  of  the significant policies along with their date of approval or updating is maintained by the Company;
6. All the powers of the Board have been duly exercised and decisions on relevant matters have been taken by the Board/ shareholders as empowered by the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2017 (the 'Act') and these Regulations;
7. The meetings of the Board were presided over by the Chairman. The Board has complied with the requirements  of  Act  and  the  Regulations  with  respect  to  frequency,  recording  and  circulating minutes of meeting of the Board;
8. The  Board  has  a  formal  policy  and  transparent  procedures  for  remuneration  of  directors  in accordance with the Act and these Regulations;
9. The Board has arranged Directors' Training Program for Mr. Shahab Qader, Executive Director during the year 2022. In total five (05) directors on the Board are duly certified or exempted from the Directors' Training Program.
10. The Board has approved appointment of Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary during the year, including their remuneration and terms and conditions of employment and complied with relevant requirements of the Regulations. There was no change in the position of Head of Internal Audit;
11. Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer duly endorsed the financial statements before approval of the Board;
12. The Board has formed committees comprising of members given below.-
- a) The Board Audit Committee
- b) Board People Committee i.e. HR and Remuneration Committee
- The terms of reference of the aforesaid committees have been formed, documented and advised to the committees for compliance. 13.
- The frequency of meetings of the committees were as per following, 14.
- The Board has set up an effective internal audit function who are considered suitably qualified and experienced for the purpose and are conversant with the policies and procedures of the Company; 15.
- The statutory auditors of the Company have confirmed that they have been given a satisfactory rating  under  the  Quality  Control  Review  program  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of Pakistan and registered with Audit Oversight Board of Pakistan, that they and all their partners are in compliance with International Federation of Accountants (IFAC) guidelines on code of ethics as adopted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan and that they and the partners of the  firm  involved  in  the  audit  are  not  a  close  relative  (spouse,  parent,  dependent  and non-dependent children) of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, head of internal audit, company secretary or director of the Company; 16.
- The statutory auditors or the persons associated with them have not been appointed to provide other  services  except  in  accordance  with  the  Act,  these  Regulations  or  any  other  regulatory requirement  and  the  auditors  have  confirmed  that  they  have  observed  IFAC  guidelines  in  this regard; 17.
- We confirm that all requirements of regulations 3, 6, 7, 8, 27,32, 33 and 36 of the Regulations have been complied with. 18.

| Name  Category  i)  Mr. Kaiser Bengali  Chairman  ii)  Mr. Farooq Barkat Ali  Member  iii)  Mr. Shabbir Hashmi  Member   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name  Category  i)  Ms. Fauzia Viqar  Chairperson  ii)  Ms. Nausheen Ahmad  Member  iii)  Mr. Vaqar Zakaria  Member   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| a)  Board Audit Committee  (4 meetings held during the year); and (2 meetings held during the year)  b)  Board People Committee   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Mr. Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui Chairman

Date: February, 08 2023

## audit committee report of the

## Dear Shareholder,

On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Audit Committee's Report for the financial year ended  December  31,  2022.  Our  key  focus  was  to  assist  the  Board  of  Directors  in  fulfilling  their governance  and  stewardship  responsibilities  including  integrity  of  financial  reporting  and  ensuring robustness of internal controls and risk management process at Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited.

## composition

The Committee is appointed by the Board and comprised of:

| Name  i)  Mr. Kaiser Bengali  (Chairman)  Independent Director  ii)  Mr. Shabbir Hashmi  (Member)  Non-Executive Director  iii)  Mr. Farooq Barkat Ali  (Member)  Non-Executive Director  iv)  Ms. Ekta Sitani  (Secretary)  Head of Internal Audit   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These  Committee  members  possess  sufficient  business  and  commercial  knowledge  and  have extensive experience in the field.

## charter of the committee

The terms of the Audit Committee's mandate are governed by the Board of Directors and the Code of Corporate Governance. The terms of reference of the Committee are clearly defined in the Charter of the Committee which is duly approved by the Board of Directors. The salient features are stated below:

-  Review the quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements;
-  Review  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  risk  assessment  and  management  system including business continuity plans;
-  Oversee the internal control systems and internal audit function;
-  Monitor management's compliance with all Company's policies including complaints received through the Speak Out - Whistle Blower System;
-  Monitor compliance of statutory requirements; and
-  Recommend to the Board the appointment and removal of external auditors.

## meetings during 2022

Audit Committee meetings take place ahead of Board meetings and the Audit Committee Chairman provides an update to the Board on the key issues discussed during each Audit Committee meeting. The minutes of Audit Committee meetings are provided to the Board on regular basis. The CFO and other departmental Heads are invited to the BAC Meetings on a need basis for matters pertaining to their respective areas.

During the year 2022, the Committee met four (4) times. Furthermore, as required by the Code, the Committee also independently met external and internal auditors.

## role of the committee

The Committee assists the Board to effectively carry out its supervisory oversight responsibilities on financial reporting and compliance, internal controls and risk management, internal and external audit functions of the Company. The Audit Committee believes that it has carried out all its responsibilities, in  accordance  with  Terms  of  Reference  approved  by  the  Board.  The  evaluation  of  the  Board performance, which also included members of the Audit Committee, was carried out separately.

During 2022, the following key responsibilities were satisfactorily carried out by the Audit Committee:

-  Ensured compliance with the listed Companies (Code of Corporate Governance) Regulations, 2019;
-  Reviewed quarterly, half-yearly, and annual financial statements of the Company prior to their approval by the Board of Directors, focusing on major judgmental areas, financial estimates, going concern assumption, compliance of accounting standards, local regulations, and other statutory / regulatory requirements;
-  Reviewed Related Party Transactions, ensuring that the pricing methods used were on terms equivalent to those that prevail on arm's length basis;
-  Ensured that proper, accurate, and adequate accounting records have been maintained by the Company;
-  Recommended the appointment of the external auditors to the Board to be confirmed by the Company shareholders in the Annual General Meeting;
-  Reviewed new policies / modifications to existing policies and Management's compliance with all Company's policies, procedures, and guidelines;
-  Reviewed and investigated 3 whistleblower complaints lodged during the year;
- Ensured  that  the  Company's  system  of  internal  control  is  sound  in  design  and  has  been continually evaluated for effectiveness and adequacy;
-  Closed  periods  were  duly  determined  and  announced  by  the  Company,  preventing  the directors, executives and all employees of all Engro companies from dealing in the shares of the Company, prior to each Board meeting.

## risk management and internal control

The Company has developed a sound mechanism for identification of risks, assigning appropriate criticality  level  and  devising  appropriate  mitigation  measures,  which  are  regularly  monitored  and implemented by the management across all major functions of the Company and presented to the Audit Committee for information and review. The Company has devised and implemented an effective internal  control  framework  which  also  includes  an  independent  internal  audit  function.  The  Internal Audit department is responsible for monitoring of compliance, inherent and other risks associated with operations of the Company.

## internal audit

-  The Internal Audit function has carried out its duties under the charter defined by the Committee. The Committee has reviewed material Internal Audit findings, taken appropriate action or brought the matters to the Board's attention where required.

-  Audit Committee has provided proper arrangement for staff and management to report to Audit Committee in confidence, concerns, if any, about actual or potential improprieties in financial and other matters. Adequate remedial and mitigating measures are applied, where necessary.
-  The Head of Internal Audit has direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Committee has ensured staffing of personnel with sufficient internal audit acumen and that the function  has  all  necessary  access  to  Management  and  the  right  to  seek  information  and explanations.
-  Coordination between the External and Internal Auditors was facilitated to ensure efficiency and contribution to the Company's objectives, including a reliable financial reporting system and compliance with laws and regulations.

## external audit

The statutory auditors of the Company, A. F. Ferguson &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, have completed their audit assignment of the Company's financial statements and the statement of compliance with the Code  of  Corporate  Governance  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  shall  retire  on  the conclusion of the 17th Annual General Meeting;

-  The Committee has reviewed and discussed audit observations highlighted in covering letter to the audit report with the external auditors. A meeting was also held with the external auditors in the absence of the management;
- The  external  auditors  have  direct  access  to  the  Committee  and  Internal  Audit  Department, thereby ensuring the effectiveness, independence and objectivity of the audit process;
-  A.F. Ferguson &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants also provided taxation services to the Company; the  statutory  auditors  have  no  financial  or  other  relationship  of  any  kind  with  the  Company except that of External Auditor and Taxation Consultant.
-  The performance, cost and independence of the external auditors is reviewed annually by the Committee.  The  Audit  Committee  obtained  confirmation  from  the  external  auditors  in  its meeting  that  the  engagement  team,  other  partners  and  staff  in  the  firm,  and  the  firm  have complied with the applicable requirements regarding independence.
-  The Committee is satisfied with the performance of the External Auditors. The engagement partner on the audit was Mr. Osama Kapadia. Being eligible for reappointment under the Code of Corporate Governance, the Committee has recommended to the Board the reappointment of A. F. Ferguson and Co., Chartered Accountants for the year 2023. A resolution to this effect has been proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

## financial statements 2022

-  The Committee assessed the 2022 Financial Statements as fair, balanced, and understandable, and that it provided sufficient information to enable the shareholders to assess the performance.

<!-- image -->

Kaiser Bengali

Chairman of the Audit Committee Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited

February 7, 2023

business performance

## review chairman

Dear Shareholders,

With a legacy of more than a decade behind it, EPQL continues to play a vital role in the energy landscape of Pakistan through the utilization of an indigenous resource which considering the macro-economic conditions in the country related to imported fuel sources; is the need of the hour.

The company continues to operate with a stellar safety  record  and  successfully  completed  the scheduled Major Inspection which happens once every six years, within the stipulated timeline, with Zero First Aid case and Zero Recordable Injury.

Though  the  overall  industry  is  struggling  with various challenges related to circular debt, which has been a persistent problem in the domestic energy sector; EPQL continues to remain steadfast  in  its  mission  to  continue  providing energy  to  the  people  and  fueling  the  overall macroeconomic  progress  for  Pakistan.  During the outgoing  year,  the  company  due  to  its indigenous fuel source maintained its high ranking  on  the  merit  order,  given  the  elevated international fuel prices and rupee devaluation. It demonstrated a billable availability factor of ~93% and dispatched a total net electrical output of 768 GWh with load factor of 41% during the year,  as  compared  to  46%  in  2021.  The  lower load factor  was  due  to  a  scheduled  Major Inspection.

In accordance with the Master Agreement signed between the Government and IPPs in February 2021,  a  mechanism  was  agreed  to  settle  the overdue receivables in tranches in exchange for certain revisions in return structure. EPQL successfully received both the tranches amounting to around ~PKR 8.1Bn in 2022.

On the input side, currently EPQL has a Gas

Supply Agreement (GSA) with Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited (SNGPL), for supply of permeate gas  from  the  Qadirpur  Gas  Field.  With  the  gas supply  from  the  Qadirpur  field  depleting,  gas depletion phase has been declared by the company and the plant is made available in mixed mode where both permeate gas and High-Speed Diesel  (HSD)  fuel  is  utilized.  The  company  is engaged with relevant stakeholders for the approval  of  an  alternate  fuel  supply  which  also includes actively exploring local fuel options from nearby gas pockets available in Sindh. We look forward to receiving the required regulatory approvals for this soon.

The company continues to focus on developing its people, ensuring livelihoods and overall communities'  development  around  its  project. Under its inclusive business model, the CSR arm under  the  name  of  Engro  Foundation  works actively  for  the  betterment  of  the  communities around the project. Philanthropic capital is directed  towards  developing  human  capital  by investing  in  education,  technical  training,  skills development, and healthcare. In 2022, the dedicated  Primary  Healthcare  Centre  (PHC)  for the surrounding villages in partnership with HANDS  provided  timely  medical  treatments  to over 5,000 patients at the facility. We also support one  of  the  largest  adopted  school  networks  in district Ghotki in collaboration with Indus Resource Centre (IRC) which includes 3 government  schools  namely  Rasheed  Ahmed Arain,  Gul  M  Arbani,  and  Juma  Khan  Arbani. Under this network more than 700 students are educated annually.

In  the  end,  I  would  like  to  extend  my  heartfelt appreciation to EPQL's management, employees, customers,  partners,  and  stakeholders  for  their contribution towards taking the company forward. Thank you for your trust, confidence, and commitment. We will continue to work with a wide variety of stakeholders to ensure that we do more for  our  shareholders,  our  partners,  our  people, and our communities. As we continue our journey of hope and perseverance, I am confident that the year  2023  will  be  prosperous  one  for  us  and Pakistan at large.

<!-- image -->

## message ceo's

Dear Shareholders,

At Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (EPQL) we believe  in  striving  for  excellence  by  deeply  and intensely  investing  in  the  growth  of  our  people, communities, and the economy around. Throughout the year 2022, we held tightly to our strengths and worked tirelessly to maintain what we have already achieved in our years of operations. We also directed our focus towards goals that are yet to be achieved.

We demonstrated a billable  availability  factor  of 93% in 2022, and dispatched a total net electrical output 768 GWh to the National Grid demonstrating a load factor of 41% versus 46% last year. We carried out the scheduled maintenance outage due to major overhaul this year  which  was  the  reason  for  the  lower  load factor.  Sales  revenue  for  the  year  2022  PKR 10,027  million  as  compared  to  PKR  10,204 million last year. A decline due to lower dispatch. EPQL earned a net profit of PKR 1,472 million for 2022 as compared to PKR 1,594 million for 2021 which resulted in earnings per share of PKR 4.55 for 2022 vs PKR 4.92 for 2021.

We  have proactively maintained our Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE)  management systems and processes in alignment with globally recognized  best  practices.  With  the  help  of  a multidisciplinary team, we ensured 100% compliance  with  National  Environmental  Quality Standards (NEQS) and World Bank Group guidelines. EPQL successfully recertified the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 rating, signifying its unwavering commitment towards HSE.

Another key feather in our cap was the safe and successful Major Inspection (MI) activity with 400 plus  workers  that  was  carried  out  with  zero COVID cases.  Throughout  the  inspection,  there were no first aid cases or recordable injuries, and the entire outage was completed with an impeccable safety record.

At EPQL we believe the hard work and perseverance  of  our  people  is  our  strongest asset. To stay committed to our vision, we worked extensively  towards  enhancing overall  employee experience. A series of initiatives, training, workshops, and personal development initiatives were launched to enhance the overall employee experience.

Under our inclusive business model, throughout the year, the company continued to care for the communities  by  investing  in  initiatives  with  the goal of improving the socio-economic conditions of the region. We increased livelihoods opportunities by providing technical training programs, healthcare facilities, and basic infrastructure  while  also  enhancing  the  outreach of  our  educational  and  health  programs  for  the development of the local communities.

Going forward, I am confident that we have what it  takes  to  position  EPQL  as  a  leading  power generation  and  solutions  provider  for  Pakistan; enabling energy excellence for our people, communities, and country at large.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## overview external

## political

Possibility of short, medium, and long-term policy interventions by regulatory authorities remains, with respect to the energy mix of Pakistan, with the aim to provide indigenous, affordable, and sustainable energy to the Country. Regulatory changes such as fuel pricing and supply, power plants running out of merit will have an impact on the Company's business, and therefore the Company remains on the lookout for new challenges or opportunities arising from change in policies.

## economic

Any change in the global economic environment has a potential to impact the Company's financial performance  and  profitability.  Movements  in  exchange  rate  may  have  significant  impacts  on  the profitability and hence the Company actively formulates strategies to hedge against economic risks.

Additionally, fuel price variations, for both local and imported fuels, affect the economic dispatch order of power plants in the Country, including EPQL's. GDP growth also has a significant impact on the company, as GDP growth is a determinant of power demand. Interest rates affect the profitability of the company with changes in cost of short-term financing. Circular debt is a major issue which impacts the power sector, affecting the liquidity profile of the Company.

Given the high international fuel prices coupled with rupee devaluation, EPQL maintained its high merit order position and received dispatch throughout the period.

As  you  are  all  aware,  the  country  is  currently  facing  economic  uncertainty  with  forex  reserves  at alarmingly low levels. EPQL management is extensively engaged with relevant stakeholders to avoid any delays in procurement of critical equipment for the plant.

## social

Total  population  is  expected  to  surge  past  330  million  by  2050  requiring  streamlining  in  power generation  throughout  the  Country.  Growth  in  population  may  lead  to  an  increase  in  not  only  the domestic  demand  for  power  but  may  also  influence  industrial  demand  due  to  overall  increase  in consumption profile. Cheap and abundant sources of energy have been a necessary precondition for industrial production and emphasis is laid predominantly on merit run plants. The Company has been working on various fronts to cater to demand growing due to social factors. During the year, the public health system of the country continued to be affected by the new variants of COVID-19 virus. The Company maintained strict health and safety protocols to curb the spread of the virus along with a 100% vaccinated workforce and remained fully operational throughout the year.

## technological

The concept of power generation is technology driven and as technologies are updated, there is risk

associated  with  obsolescence  as  well  as  maintaining  overall  cost  efficiency.  The  Company  makes prudent efforts to manage this risk.

## environmental

Power generation has several ecological effects which include air and water pollution. However, any emissions  resulting  from  generation  are  well  within  limits  determined  by  local  authorities.  Being  a permeate gas-based power plant, EPQL does not have any adverse impact of the environment and hence  is  safe  from  any  environment  related  taxes/costs.  During  the  year,  Pakistan  suffered  from unprecedented rains which caused great devastation to the country. EPQL ensured plant availability with zero downtime.

## legal

The Company's Implementation Agreement safeguards it from any changes in legal environment. The Company  limits  its  legal  exposure  by  carefully  deliberating  upon  terms  and  conditions  of  such agreements from legal, technical, and commercial aspects using expertise of professionals from each area before execution.

## strategic objectives

| Strategic Objectives  Ensure consistent shareholder  value creation by managing  liquidity position.  Continue efforts to finalize and  implement alternate fuel plan.  Continue with CSR activities,  increasing engagement with  local communities through  educational and health care  initiatives.  Achieve Operational  Excellence.  Strategic Actions  Maintain constant contact with  key stakeholders for clearance  of outstanding dues. Periodic  cashflow monitoring to ensure  liquidity for payment  obligations.  The Company has submitted  the final gas depletion plan to  PPIB and has also identified  local fuel options. The  Company is engaged with  stakeholders to conclude the  same.  Focus on improving quality of  life of people residing in  low-income communities by  investing in social initiatives in  education, technical training,  and health care.  Continue smooth operations of  the plant with focus on health,  safety, and environment.  Measurable KPIs  Make cash available for  shareholders  Notification of alternate fuel  plan.  Number of lives impacted  Ensure plant's availability and  maintain plant's health and  safety standards. Ensure  Business Continuity Plan is in  place.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## opportunities risks and

Risks are inherent in the businesses and can relate to strategic threats, operational issues, compliance with laws and regulations, and reporting obligations. To deliver value to all stakeholders, it is important that the Company understands and manages the risks faced across the entire organization.

## risk governance

The Board of Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Company has a robust process in place for assessment of principal risks facing the Company, including those that would threaten the business model, future performance, solvency, or liquidity. The Board Audit Committee is responsible to oversee implementation of the Enterprise Risk Management methodology approved by the Board. In addition, the Board People's Committee focuses on risks relating to human capital including assessment of compensation programs and succession planning.

Further,  management  level  committees  have  been  constituted  which  perform  regular  oversight  of performance of the Company with respect to Organization &amp; Employee Development, Health Safety &amp; Environment,  Execution  of  Planned  Capital  Projects,  Business  Continuity  Planning  and  Business Process Reengineering.

The  Company  has  a  dedicated  Internal  Audit  function  which  provides  independent  and  objective evaluations while reporting directly to the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of governance, risk management and control processes.

## enterprise risk management process:

Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) methodology implemented at the Company provides a structured, disciplined, and consistent approach to risk management that facilitates risk-informed decision-making throughout the organization. The Framework implemented at the Company is illustrated below:

## Formulation of Strategy and Business Objectives

The focus of ERM at the Company is to ensure achievement of the organization objectives. Defining the organization's strategy and objectives is pre-requisite to identifying risks and opportunities. During this step, the management defines strategy and objectives for different areas of the organization which are then approved by the Board of Directors.

## Identification of Risks and Opportunities

The purpose of this step is to identify a comprehensive list of risks and events that may potentially impact  the  achievement  of  organization's  mission  and  strategic  objectives.  In  order  to  identify enterprise-level risks to be managed, a structured and systematic 'Enterprise Risk Register' is used. Broad types of risk which are used for categorization of risk and opportunities are as follows:

| Risk Type  Strategic Risk  Commercial Risk  Operational Risk  Financial Risk  Description  Strategic risks are risks that affect or are created by  an organization's business strategy and strategic  objectives.  Commercial risks refer to potential losses arising  from third party stakeholders or the sector in which  the Company operates.  Operational risk refers to the risk of loss resulting  from inadequate or failed internal processes,  people, and systems or from external events.  Financial risk is an umbrella term for multiple types  of risk associated with financing, profitability,  liquidity, and credit. The Company's overall risk  management program focuses on having cost  efficient funding as well as to manage financial risk  to minimize earnings volatility and provide  maximum return to shareholders. The Company's  policy for management of financial risks is  explained in notes to the financial statements for  the year ended December 31, 2022.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## risk assessment

The process involves consideration of the causes and sources of risk, the probability that the risk event will occur, their consequences and magnitude, and the likelihood that those consequences may occur. The Board has approved formal criterion for assessment of the 'likelihood' and 'impact' which is used by  the  management  for  risk  assessment.  Each  risk  is  assigned  a  rating  and  recorded  in  the  Risk Register. Risk assessment provides the basis for evaluation and decisions regarding risk response or treatment.

## prioritization of risk

The purpose of this step is to develop a prioritized list of enterprise-level risks for response options. By ranking  and  prioritizing  the  enterprise-level  risks,  the  Company's  leadership  can  respond  as appropriate with strategic allocation of resources while responding to the risks. The risks are ranked according to Impact and likelihood rating.

## implementation of risk responses

The purpose of this step is to select a combination of risk response options that will optimize the Company's resources in managing its portfolio of risks. The process involves identifying and assessing the range of risk response options and preparing implementation plans for selected response options. Using a prioritized list of quantified risks requiring response options, the leadership makes informed strategic decisions about how to allocate resources to risks reflected in the Enterprise Risk Register.

| Risk Type  Accept Risk  Avoid Risk  Reduce Risk  Share Risk  Description  •  Retain risk at its present level, taking no  further action  •  Prohibit unacceptably high-risk activities and  asset exposures through appropriate  policies.  •  Stop specific activities by redefining  objectives, refocusing strategic plans and  policies, or redirecting resources.  •  Screen alternative projects and budgeted  investments to avoid off-strategy and  unacceptably high-risk initiatives.  •  Eliminate at the source by designing and  implementing internal preventive processes.  •  Disperse financial, physical, or information  assets to reduce risk of unacceptable  catastrophic losses.  •  Control risk through internal processes or  actions that reduce the likelihood of  undesirable events occurring to an acceptable  level.  •  Respond to contingencies by documenting  effective plan and empowering   appropriate  personnel to make decisions; periodically test  and, if necessary, execute the plan.  •  Diminish the magnitude of the activity that  drives the risk.  •  Improve capabilities to manage a desired  exposure.  •  Redesign the approach to managing the risk  •  Outsource non-core processes (a viable risk  transfer option only when risk is contractually  transferred).  •  Delegate risk by entering arrangements with  independent, capable authorities.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## monitoring and reporting

The ERM Risk Register is reviewed on periodic basis to ensure updating for changes in external and internal  environment.  The  ERM  Risk  Register,  and  mitigation  strategies  are  also  presented  to  the Management Committee and the Board Audit Committee on bi-annual basis.

## risk and mitigation plan

Following are the major risks affecting the operations of the business, along with the management assessment  of  their  source,  likelihood,  impact,  and  the  mitigating  strategies  implemented  by  the Company for these risks:

| Risk Type  Strategic Risk  Reduction in Company's Net  Electrical Output  Source of Risk: External  Adverse impact of increasing  Circular Debt on Company  cashflows  Source: External  Reduction in gas supply from  Qadirpur Gas Field  Source of Risk: Internal  Medium  High  High  Medium  High  High  Mitigation Strategies  With new plants coming online,  the merit order position of EPQL  is now at risk of being lower,  thereby affecting its dispatch.  Moreover, the current economic  situation may have an impact on  power demand, The Company is  actively monitoring changes  occurring in the power sector. The  Management is closely working  with key stakeholders to improve  its dispatch position.  The Company has developed  liaison with relevant  stakeholders for clearance of  outstanding dues and recovery  profile is closely monitored for any  advance triggers.  The Company is engaged with  relevant stakeholders for  finalization of alternate fuel plan.  Risk Assessment  Likelihood  Impact   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## commercial risk

| Risk Type  Strategic Risk  Slowdown in corporate  lending due to increased  exposure in the energy sector  taken up by majority  commercial banks.  Source: External  Risk Assessment  Likelihood  Impact  Medium  Medium  Mitigation Strategies  The Company's management has  maintained valuable  relationships with lenders to  ensure availability of financing.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## operational risk

| Risk Type  Strategic Risk  Emergence of new variants of  Covid virus resulting  in plant outage.  Source: External  Compromised Plant  availability due to operational  issues at Plant site.  Source: Internal  Delay in procurement due to  forex challenges  Source: External  Mitigation Strategies  The Company has a strong  Business Continuity Plan in place  to keep the plant operational. Key  site personnel have been  identified along with back  -  ups.  The Company ensures  vaccination of all employees.  The Company has control and  mitigation plans to maintain the  likelihood of operational issues  within the agreed tolerance levels.  An efficient technical team, trained  for remedial actions, is deployed  at the site.  The company is actively engaged  with relevant stakeholders to  ensure procurement for critical  equipment / spares.  Medium  Low  Medium  Low  High  Medium  Risk Assessment  Likelihood  Impact   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## financial risk

| Risk Type  Strategic Risk  Liquidity constraints due to  circular debt.  Source of Risk: Internal /  external  Inability of the Company to  recover billed amount resulting  in delayed payment  obligations and adverse  impacts on shareholder value.  Mitigation Strategies  The Company has a pro-active  treasury function which  ensures that adequate funds and  credit lines are kept  available for any unforeseen  situation.  Master Agreement signed with  power purchaser in 2021; the  company received both the  tranches of payment in 2022.  The Company has ensured strong  relationships to ensure an  improved collections profile and  manages liquidity prudently by  engaging key stakeholders and  leveraging relationships to retrieve  payments, smoothing out  cashflow issues.  Risk Assessment  Likelihood  Impact  Medium  Medium  Medium  High   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## opportunities

The Company is currently pursuing opportunities to create value in the short, medium, and long term through identification of cost optimization strategies associated with its strategic objectives, policies, and targeted growth.

| Risk Type  Development of Business  Sustainability  Investment in Sustainable  Initiatives  HR transformations  Impact Area  Natural Capital  Social Capital  Human Capital  Description  The Company is actively  pursuing its gas depletion  mitigation plan to safeguard  shareholder value and improve  operational efficiencies.  The Company takes a  concerted effort to help  communities prosper by  investing in initiatives that  provide education, technical  training, health-care facilities,  and basic infrastructure to  beneficiaries  The Company focuses on HR  transformation to ensure  sustainable business  operations whilst remaining an  agile and flexible organization.  The Company has moved to a  system which is more  performance driven, better  aligned with the market and  creates opportunities for  growth.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## way forward

The Company remains wary of the gas situation in the Country and has been taking measures to efficiently  use  its  allocated  share.  The  Company  has  engaged  with  all  stakeholders  and  actively pursuing the submitted gas depletion mitigation plan to PPIB. Moreover, the Company has identified an additional source of local fuel and is engaged with relevant parties for approval. The Company takes a holistic  view  while  detailing  out  plans  for  the  coming  years,  which  includes  studying the industry position and taking prudent measures to formulate strategies for cost effective solutions.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SWOT analysis

## strengths

-  indigenous fuel-based plant which utilizes permeate gas that was previously being flared
-  Green fuel
-  Operational excellence with Management team that has vast experience and technical expertise
-  High credit ratings, which reflect strong financials and management

## weaknesses

-  High receivable balance due to delays in payments by the power purchaser
- Exposure to international fuel prices that affect merit order position
- Dependence on fuel availability

## opportunities

- Investment in sustainable initiatives by developing social capital.
- HR transformation to ensure sustainable business operations whilst remaining an agile and flexible organization.
- Availibility of low BTU fuels in plant vicinity.

## threats

- Reduction in the prices of various fuels and addition of new indigenous fuel based plants in the system, which will  impact EPQL's merit order position.
- Slowdown in economy affecting growth of power demand
- Non-resolution of the circular debt situation.
- Limitations on foreign exchange outflow may affect procurement of critical spares.

S

<!-- image -->

W

<!-- image -->

O

<!-- image -->

T

## our integrated value creation model

Shareholder, Investors and Lenders

## Funds injected

Engro Energy Limited

(EEL)

Engro Energy acts as the ultimate parent/holding company of EPQL. EEL explores investment opportunities in business ventures and forms a corporate model of the businesses in the energy vertical of the group.

Capital injection (shareholding)

## Dividend and Royalty

## Engro Energy's role in the affairs of group companies

## Governance

-  Executive committee of Engro Energy consists of Group CEO, direct holding companies' CEOs, HR &amp; CFO
-  Oversight on group companies' business performances
-  CEO of Engro Energy is the Chairman of the Board of all energy vertical companies with majority shareholding.
-  All energy companies' CEOs report to Engro Energy CEO

## Strategy

-  Provide visionary direction, support and guidance on company level business strategies
-  Group level strategy formulation (business and high level functional)

## Financial Capital

-  Group level portfolio management
-  Financial capital allocation
-  Debt raising activities
-  New investment opportunities and project expansion outside and in-between existing portfolio

## Intellectual capital

-  Instilling spirit of common brand identity of 'One Engro' and uniformity of vision, mission, ethics and core values etc.
-  Setting up group wide standards and policies
-  Group's public relations and brand management (patent, license of Engro brand)

## Human Capital

-  Rewards, career &amp; development and succession management of executives, senior management and Board members Ethics and compliance
-  Managing Top Talents (i.e. employees having high potential to progress at the executive level)

## Ethics and compliance

-  Shareholder audits, review companies' internal audits and group-wide corporate ethics &amp; compliance management
-  Providing legal and company secretariat support

## EPQL (&amp; Other Energy Subsidiaries)

Group companies of Engro Energy - including EPQL - extend their own business strategies at more detailed level and execute and implement the same in alignment with high level strategy driven by Engro Energy. EPQL and other group companies enjoy independence and autonomy in financial, operational, business and performance management and consult EEL (as part of EPQL's Board) on strategic matters (above a certain threshold).

## Value creation

*  Investors and shareholders
*  Human Capital
*  Customers and Suppliers
*  Regulators
*  Society and community (Social and relationship capital)
*  National Economy
*  Natural Capital (Environment)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## allocation plans resource

The Company aims to achieve its long-term goals by optimizing available resources. This would be done primarily with efficient utilization of Company's core strengths which includes but is not limited to:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited aims to increase its reliability to the national grid by maintaining its availability and to increase the value for its shareholders. This will be achieved through implementation of smart strategic objectives which are easily measurable and will remain relevant in the foreseeable future. The Company will continue to efficiently utilize its resources.

The  Company  will  continue  to  monitor  the  strategic  objectives  on  an  annual  basis  and  will  make amendments if needed based on changes in the internal and external environment. The Company is exploring various initiatives to achieve its long-term ambitions and has undertaken a comprehensive alternate fuel study program which will enable the Company to supplement its primary fuel.

## significant plans and decisions

Due to gas depletion from Qadirpur field, the Company has formulated a Gas Depletion Mitigation Plan (GDMP),  including  different  mitigation  options  available  to  the  Company.  The  Company  is  in discussions with stakeholders to finalize modalities of GDMP . The Projects' Committee of PPIB had shared a proposal whereby EPQL will use RLNG as the comingling fuel with Permeate gas or HSD, as the case may be, with no provision of minimum dispatch or guaranteed off-take of any fuel in the PPA. RLNG will be supplied by SNGPL on 'as and when available' basis. All capex and other costs incurred in  relation  to  implementation  of  GDMO  will  be  exclusively  incurred  by  EPQL.  The  term  of  the GDMP/GDMO shall be for a period up to December 31, 2025, and the Committee recommended that the project will be re-evaluated in 2025. The Company accepted the proposal, which is subject to further approval of the PPIB Board and consents required under the Implementation Agreement. Moreover, EPQL is also actively exploring alternate fuel options. During the year, it identified a local gas source of 8 - 13 mmcfd to be supplied by Petroleum Exploration Limited (PEL). The Company has applied to NEPRA for License Proposed Modification and Tariff on the additional fuel source and the management  is  engaged  extensively  with  the  relevant  stakeholders  to  obtain  required  regulatory approvals.

During the year, EPQL received both tranches of payment agreed under the Master Agreement signed with CPPA-G in 2021. Consequently, the revised tariff is applicable.

On the operational front, the Company safely concluded its Major Inspection activity.

## changes in objectives and strategies

While the Company's long-term strategies and objectives have remained unchanged compared to last year, Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited is continuously exploring opportunities to improve its merit order ranking resulting in consistent shareholder value creation.

## liquidity and working capital management

To manage its working capital in the most efficient manner, the Company has a proactive treasury management  system  in  place.  Cash  generation  realized  through  collection  from  CPPA-G  and short-term  borrowings  from  banks  are  used  to  meet  the  liquidity  requirements  of  the  Company.

The Company has been able to successfully maintain its long-term and short-term credit rating of AAand A-1 respectively through its prompt, coherent and effective methods of managing its business, cash, and liabilities.

## treasury management

The Company operates its treasury with a focus to enhance profitability, increase shareholder return and preserve invested capital.

Considering the company's major chunk of amount is stuck in receivables, Running Finance facilities are arranged by treasury at best possible rates to ensure sufficient liquidity is always available.

## financing arrangements

The Company places great emphasis on value maximization, which in turn leads to higher shareholder returns. The Company does this by minimizing its financing cost. Working capital requirements are met through  internal  cash  generation  and  short-term  borrowing  to  ensure  balance  sheet  optimization. External financing consists of only local financing which is obtained after exhaustive evaluations of offers in hand and market conditions, ensuring maximization of shareholder value.

The Company recognizes its responsibility for timely repayment of outstanding loans. No default on repayment of loans was made during the year. The company retired its long-term debt in 2020, and currently has no long-term debt outstanding.

## significant changes from prior year

During  the  year,  the  Company  has  received  both  tranches  of  payment  agreed  under  the  Master Agreement signed with the CPPA-G in in 2021. Consequently, the Return on Equity (ROE) and the Return on Equity During Construction (RoEDC) has been fixed at 17% per annum in PKR (on NEPRA approved equity at Commercial Operation Date for RoE and RoEDC, calculated at USD/PKR exchange rate of PKR 148/USD, with no future dollar indexation).

EPQL continues to engage with all the relevant stakeholders on alternate fuel options for the plant. It has identified a local source of gas supply from Petroleum Exploration Limited (PEL) and has applied for License Proposed Modification and Tariff on new fuel.

The  Company  has  moved  to  self  O&amp;M  from  January  1 st   2022  and  has  maintained  smooth  plant operations.

## composition of local vs. imported raw materials

Primary source of fuel for EPQL is permeate gas procured locally under its Gas Supply Agreement with Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited. The fuel is supplied from Qadirpur Field. The Company's Plant has the capability to operate on mixed mode (Gas + HSD) under conditions when the Company faces shortage of gas supply. During the outgoing year, 98% of the dispatch was based on gas hence, the composition of raw material for the Company was 98% local.

## report directors'

The Directors are pleased to present the audited financial statements and a review of the Company's performance for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## principal activity

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (EPQL) was established with the primary objective of undertaking the business of power generation and sale. The Company setup a 217.3 MW combined cycle power plant near Qadirpur, District Ghotki and commenced commercial operations on March 27, 2010.

Engro Powergen Qadirpur (EPQL) is one of the first green facilities of Pakistan as it utilizes permeate gas (low-BTU and high sulphur content gas) to generate electricity. Prior to conceptualization of EPQL, Permeate Gas was flared and wasted since 1995. The power generated is transmitted to the National Transmission and Despatch Company (NTDC) under a Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) signed on October  26,  2007,  which  is  valid  for  a  period  of  25  years  from  the  date  of  commencement  of commercial operations.

The Company is a subsidiary of Engro Energy Limited, formerly known as Engro Powergen Limited (EPL), which has a majority shareholding of 68.89% in the Company. The Company was listed on the Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) in 2014.

## market review

Electricity generation in the CPPA-G system largely remained unchanged in 2022 at 137 billion units. Slowdown in economic activities amid fiscal and monetary constraints affected power demand during the year. Growth in power demand is essential to recover the cost of the capacity additions made over the past years and those in pipeline. Moreover, it is imperative that the overall system is made more efficient, and losses should be minimized.

Circular debt has been a persistent problem in the domestic energy sector. The root causes behind the accumulation of circular debt are high T&amp;D losses, low recovery, power theft, and expensive fuel mix. The new capacity additions in the system coupled with currency devaluation and current economic situation are expected to add to the mounting circular debt due to surge in capacity payments. While the company continues to engage extensively with the relevant stakeholders to manage its liquidity position, we believe this will remain a key challenge.

During the outgoing year, the company due to its indigenous fuel source continued to maintain its high ranking on the merit order, given the elevated international fuel prices in early 2022.

In  accordance  with  the  Master  Agreement  signed  between  the  Government  and  IPPs  in  February 2021, a mechanism was agreed to settle the overdue receivables in tranches in exchange for certain revisions in return structure. The company received both the tranches amounting to around ~PKR 8.1Bn in 2022.

## operational overview

In 2022, the company was able to demonstrate a billable availability factor of ~93% and dispatched a total net electrical output of 768 GWh, with load factor of 41% during the year, as compared to 46% in 2021.  Lower  load  factor  is  primarily  on  account  of  scheduled  maintenance  outage  due  to  major overhauls, which is done after every six years.

## financial review

Sales revenue for the year 2022 was PKR 10,027 million as compared to PKR 10,204 million last year. The decline in sales revenue is mainly on account of lower dispatch during the year. Gross profit for the year was higher at PKR 1,711 million against PKR 1,383 million last year.

The Company earned a net profit of PKR 1,472 million for 2022 as compared to PKR 1,594 million for 2021 which resulted in earnings per share of PKR 4.55 for 2022 vs PKR 4.92 for 2021.

## gas scenario

The Company has a Gas Supply Agreement (GSA) with Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited (SNGPL), for supply of permeate gas from the Qadirpur Gas Field. The gas supply from Qadirpur gas field is depleting and based on profile shared by the gas supplier, the Company has declared gas depletion phase and made its plant available in mixed mode, that is, made the plant available on both gas and High-Speed Diesel (HSD). In accordance with the terms of the Implementation Agreement (IA), the Company has engaged with all stakeholders and prepared and submitted a gas depletion mitigation plan to PPIB. The company is also actively pursuing relevant stakeholders to finalize alternate fuel plan.

## social investments

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (EPQL) believes businesses develop their long-term social capital through the quality of their corporate governance. The trust of our stakeholders is our foremost priority; therefore, we greatly value meaningful investments. We conduct our business transparently aligned with  the  laws  of  the  land  and  societal  norms.  We  are  fair,  transparent,  open  and  encourage  our stakeholders to act in a similar way.

Concurrently,  being  a  socially  and  environmentally  responsible  entity,  our  aim  is  to  improve  lives, empower livelihoods, and bring about a tangible change in the communities around our businesses.

Engro  Foundation,  a  for-impact  organization  and  a  dedicated  CSR  arm  for  all  Engro  businesses, channels philanthropic capital into various community investments. We work closely with communities to understand their priorities and use this as a design input. Our community investments are focused on  developing  human  capital  by  investing  in  education,  technical  training,  skills  development,  and healthcare.

In 2022, our dedicated Primary Healthcare Centre (PHC) for our surrounding villages in partnership with HANDS provided timely medical treatments to over 5,000 patients at the facility. The organization also worked to hold 30 awareness sessions and had over 450 attendees. EPQL, in collaboration with Engro Foundation  and  Indus  Resource  Centre  (IRC),  also  supports  one  of  the  largest  adopted  school networks in district Ghotki. This includes 3 government schools namely Rasheed Ahmed Arain, Gul M Arbani,  and  Juma  Khan  Arbani  in  the  Ghotki  area,  educating  more  than  700  students  annually. Together with our people, we continue our journey of inclusion and value creation with purpose.

## our people

Our continued success over the years can be credited to the hard work and perseverance of our people, our strongest asset. Our culture of inclusiveness, professionalism and excellence ensures that our people are safe and empowered to bring their best to work and ensure the energy security for Pakistan.

Our  teams  are  single  minded  towards  their  focus  in  creating  an  enabling  environment  where  the physical and mental well-being of our employees is front and center. We carried out a wellness retreat during the year where all our employees spent a day at the beach nourishing their bodies and soul through various activities with dedicated experts in their fields.

Our well-being program, 'Elevate' continued this year as well and runs three years strong; under which the counsellor held one on one counselling sessions, structured workshops and group sessions for overall stress relief and holistic well-being.

For continued professional growth, our employees completed 12000+ training hours during the year which shows the dedication of our teams towards their professional growth in their areas of interest.

The leadership at EPQL also conducted various townhall sessions throughout the year to discuss the company updates and celebrated employee achievements through the Spot &amp; Long Service Award ceremony where employees that have been part of the team for 5 and 10 years were recognized for their service.

The HR team focused extensively on engaging with the female workforce of EPQL by holding sessions which discussed concerns if any and areas of improvement towards creating a more diverse and inclusive organization.  In the month of October, a Pinktober bake sale was held in office to raise funds for the breast cancer awareness and in November the Women's Entrepreneurship Day was celebrated

as well where various women owned businesses were highlighted and supported.

The  annual  employee  engagement  survey  was  conducted  by  the  company  to  determine  the satisfaction  of  the  employee  workforce  during  the  year  2022,  where  the  Company  successfully achieved  a  healthy  engagement  index  of  92%  significantly  higher  from  the  73%  last  year  demonstrating the sound and people-friendly policies that are in place at EPQL.

## health, safety &amp; environment

We not only value our people but are also cognizant of the environment in which we operate. Our compliance and governance activities ensured that EPQL's processes and HSE standards remain at par  with  global  best  practices.  We  ensured  100%  compliance  with  National  Environmental  Quality Standards (NEQS) and World Bank Group guidelines.

The Company maintained strict health and safety protocols to curb the spread of COVID-19 along with a 100% vaccinated workforce and remained available throughout the year.

Also, Major Inspection activity involving a workforce of around 400+ workers was carried out safely without any COVID cases; the outage was completed with Zero First aid case and zero recordable injury.

The Company successfully recertified the ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 rating, signifying its commitment to  HSE. Our efforts to ensure a provision of safe and hazard free environment for our people and surrounding communities helped us obtain the NOC from SEPA for handling and storage of hazardous substances, &amp; other legal compliances.

Our focus on safety has always been relentless. The quality of our Process Safety Management (PSM) and Process Safety &amp; Risk Management (PSRM) systems is reflected in the fact that the Company has maintained zero Loss Workday Injury, completed 9.85 million safe man hours &amp; over 4,663 days safely without LWI since Commercial Operations Date (COD) of the project. Commitment to environment is also an integral part of our HSE efforts.

## near term outlook

On February 11, 2021, the Company and CPPA-G entered into a Master Agreement based on the terms of the MoU, which among other terms included that all undisputed outstanding amounts due and payable to EPQL under the PPA as of 30th November 2020, would be paid in 2 installments, comprising of cash and government issued securities. Further, the Return on Equity (RoE) and the Return on Equity During Construction (RoEDC) was to be fixed at 17% per annum in PKR (on NEPRA approved  equity  at  Commercial  Operation  Date)  for  RoE  and  RoEDC,  calculated  at  USD/PKR exchange rate of PKR 148/USD, with no future USD indexation. However, the then existing RoE and RoEDC, together with the applicable indexations, were to apply until the date the applicable exchange rate  under  the  then  Tariff  reached  PKR  168/USD  and  instalments  are  received  by  the  Company, whereupon  the  Revised  RoE  and  RoEDC  were  to  become  applicable  and  would  apply  for  the remainder of the term. During the year, EPQL received payments against first and second instalment in January 2022 and June 2022, respectively. The revised return is applicable.

The Company continues to engage with relevant stakeholders to agree on a solution as gas from the Qadirpur field is depleting. In relation to Gas Depletion Mitigation Plan/ Option (GDMP/ GDMO), the Projects' Committee of PPIB ('Committee') shared a proposal whereby EPQL will utilize RLNG as the comingling fuel with available Qadirpur permeate gas or HSD, as the case may be, while there will be no provision of minimum dispatch or guaranteed off-take on any fuel in the PPA.  RLNG will be supplied by  SNGPL  on  'as  and  when  available'  basis.  All  capex  and  other  costs  incurred  in  relation  to implementation of GDMO will be exclusively incurred by EPQL. The term of the GDMP/ GDMO shall be for  a  period  up  to  December 31, 2025, and the Committee recommended that the project will be re-evaluated in 2025. The Company accepted the proposal, which is subject to approval of the PPIB Board and consents required under the Implementation Agreement.

Moreover,  EPQL  is  actively  exploring  alternate  local  fuel  options.  During  the  year,  the  company engaged  with  Petroleum  Exploration  Limited  (PEL)  for  supply  of  8-13  mmcfd  gas  to  EPQL.  The Company has applied to NEPRA for License Proposed Modification and Tariff on the additional fuel source. EPQL is awaiting the required regulatory approvals.

## key shareholding &amp; shares traded

As at December 31, 2022 major shareholder of the Company is Engro Energy Limited, formerly Engro Powergen Ltd. A statement of the general pattern of shareholding along with pattern of shareholding of certain classes of shareholders whose disclosure is required under the reporting framework and the statement of purchase and sale of shares by Directors and their spouses and minor children is shown on page 139.

## auditors

The existing auditors, Messrs A.F. Ferguson &amp; Co, Chartered Accountants retire and being eligible, have  offered  themselves  for  re-appointment.  The  Board  Audit  Committee  recommends  their appointment as auditors for the year ending December 31, 2023.

## dividend

During the year, the Company announced an interim dividend of PKR 5.00 per share on August 4 th , 2022 and another interim dividend of PKR 3.00 per share on October 13 th , 2022.

## retirement benefit funds

The  Company  maintains  plans  that  provide  post-employment  and  retirement  benefits  for  its employees. These include defined contribution (DC) gratuity fund and DC provident fund. The Engro Corporation gratuity funds and Engro Corporation provident fund are managed by the ultimate parent company, Engro Corporation Limited for its own employees, and those of its subsidiaries, including Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited.

The above-mentioned funds are recognized by the tax authorities and are in compliance with Section 218 of the Companies Act 2017.

| Retirement Fund*  Engro Corporation Ltd.  Engro Corporation Ltd.  Provident Fund 1  Gratuity Funds 1  31-Dec-22  31-Dec-22  Rs. in million  Total Assets  5,033  3,409  Saving Schemes  836  897  Government Securities  2,176  1,637  Listed Securities  1,321  587  Balance with Banks and Term Deposit Receipts  579  200  Others  122  87  Total  5,033  3,409   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* unaudited

1   Amounts include balances of other Engro subsidiaries and is centrally managed by Engro Corporation Limited

## composition of the board of directors and board committees as at december 31, 2022

The total number of directors are eight as per the following:

<!-- image -->

The Composition of the Board of Directors is as follows:

| Category  Name  Independent Directors  Ms.  Nausheen Ahmad  Mr.  Kaiser Bengali  Ms.  Fauzia Viqar  Non-Executive Directors  Mr.  Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui  Mr.  Farooq Barkat Ali  Mr.  Shabbir Hashmi  Mr.  Vaqar Zakaria  Chief Executive Officer  Mr.  Shahab Qader   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Composition of the Board Audit Committee is as follows:

| Director's Name  Mr.  Kaiser Bengali  Chairman  Mr.  Farooq Barkat Ali  Member  Mr.  Shabbir Hashmi  Member   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Composition of the Board People Committee is as follows:

| Director's Name  Ms.  Fauzia Viqar  Chairperson  Ms.  Nausheen Ahmad  Member  Mr.  Vaqar Zakaria  Member   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## directors' remuneration

The remuneration of the Board members is approved by the Board itself. However, in accordance with the  Code  of  Corporate  Governance,  it  is  ensured  that  no  Director  takes  part  in  deciding  his  own remuneration. The Company does not pay remuneration to non-executive directors except fee for attending the meetings. In order to retain the best talent, the Company's remuneration policies are structured  in  line  with  prevailing  industry  trends  and  business  practices.  For  information  on remuneration  of  Directors  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  in  2022,  please  refer  notes  to  the  Financial Statements.

## statement of directors' responsibilities

The Directors confirm compliance with the Corporate and Financial Reporting Framework of the SECP Code of Corporate Governance for the following:

- The financial statements, prepared by the management of the Company, present fairly its state of affairs, the result of its operations, cash flows and changes in equity.
- Proper books of accounts of the Company have been maintained.
- Appropriate accounting policies have been consistently applied in preparation of the financial statements and accounting estimates are based on reasonable prudent judgment.
- International Financial Reporting Standards, as applicable in Pakistan, have been followed in preparation of the financial statements and any departures there from have been adequately disclosed.
- The system of internal control is sound in design and has been effectively implemented and monitored.
- There are no significant doubts upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern
- There is no material departure from the best practices of corporate governance, as detailed in the listing regulations.

## board meetings and attendance

In 2022, the Board of Directors held 7 meetings to cover its complete cycle of activities. The attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

| Director's Name  Meeting Attended  Mr.  Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui*  3  Mr.  Farooq Barkat Ali  6  Mr.  Shabbir Hashmi  7  Mr.  Vaqar Zakaria  7  Ms. Nausheen Ahmad**  1  Mr.  Kaiser Bengali  6  Ms. Fauzia Viqar  7  Mr.  Shahab Qader  7  Mr.  Ahsan Zafar Syed*  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mr. Ahsan Zafar Syed resigned on June 30, 2022 and Mr. Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui had been appointed as director on July 01, 2022.

** Elected as Independent director on October 14, 2022.

In 2022, the Board Audit Committee held 4 meetings. The attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

| Director's Name  Meeting Attended  Mr.  Kaiser Bengali (Chairman)  3  Mr.  Farooq Barkat Ali  4  Mr.  Shabbir Hashmi  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Board People Committee held 2 meetings. The attendance record of the Directors is as follows:

| Director's Name  Meeting Attended  Ms. Fauzia Viqar (Chairperson)  2  Mr.  Shahab Qader  2  Mr.  Vaqar Zakaria  2  Mr.  Ahsan Zafar Syed*  1  Ms. Nausheen Ahmad**  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mr. Ahsan Zafar Syed resigned on June 30, 2022

** Elected as Independent director on October 14, 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr. Shahab Qader Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui Chairman

February 8, 2023

## analysis quarterly

## quarter 1

## operating performance

The EPQL Plant demonstrated a billable availability factor of 99.9% in Q1 2022. It dispatched a total Net Electrical Output (NEO) of 124 Gwh to the national grid with a load factor of 27% as compared to 41% in Q1 2021. Lower load factor is on account of scheduled maintenance outage due to major overhaul, which is done after every 6 years.

## financial performance

Sales revenue for the period was PKR 1,387 Mn compared to PKR 2,332 Mn in the same period last year. The decrease in sales revenue is attributable to lower Period Weighing Factor (PWF) applicable on capacity payments, during the period, as well as due to lower dispatch on account of maintenance outage. Consequently, gross profit for the period was also lower at PKR 109 Mn as compared to PKR 311 Mn in the same period last year. The Company earned a net profit of PKR 151 Mn in Q1, 2022 as compared to PKR 399 Mn in Q1, 2021. Earnings per share stood at PKR 0.47 as compared to PKR 1.23 for the same period last year.

## quarter 2

## operating performance

The EPQL Plant demonstrated a billable availability factor of 73% in Q2 2022. It dispatched a total Net Electrical Output (NEO) of 207GwH to the national grid with a load factor of 45% compared to 44% in Q2 2021.  During the period, EPQL safely concluded the major overhaul of the plant, which is done after every six years.

## financial performance

Sales revenue for Q2 2022 was PKR 2,873Mn compared to PKR 2,526 Mn in the same period last year. The increase in sales revenue is primarily attributable to higher capacity payments. Gross profit for Q2 2022 stood lower at PKR 317 Mn as compared to PKR 430 Mn in the same period last year largely due to higher fuel cost on back of dispatch on HSD. The Company earned a net profit of PKR 255 Mn in  Q2  2022 as compared to PKR 506 Mn in Q2 2021. Earnings per share stood at PKR 0.79 as compared to PKR 1.56 for the same period last year.

## quarter 3

## operating performance

The EPQL Plant demonstrated a billable availability factor of 99.2% in Q3 2022. It dispatched a total Net Electrical Output (NEO) of 227 GwH to the national grid with a load factor of 49% compared to 48% in Q3 2021.  The Company continued to maintain its high level of commitment towards Health, Safety &amp; Environment (HSE) standards.

## financial performance

Sales revenue for Q3 2022 was PKR 3,303 Mn compared to PKR 2,917 Mn in Q3 2021. The increase in sales revenue during the quarter is mainly attributable to higher capacity payments. Consequently, gross profit for Q3 2022 stood at PKR 1,076 Mn as compared to PKR 562 Mn in the same period last year. The Company earned a net profit of PKR 971 Mn in Q3 2022 as compared to PKR 558 Mn in Q3 2021. Earnings per share stood at PKR 3.00 as compared to PKR 1.72 for Q3 2021.

## quarter 4

## operating performance

The EPQL Plant demonstrated a billable availability factor of 100% in Q4 2022. It dispatched a total Net Electrical Output (NEO) of 210 GwH to the national grid with a load factor of 44% compared to 50% in Q4 2021.

## financial performance

Sales revenue for the period was PKR 2,464 Mn compared to PKR 2,429 Mn in the same period last year. Gross profit for the period stood at PKR 209 Mn as compared to PKR 80 Mn in the same period last year. The company earned a net profit of PKR 95 Mn in Q4 2022. Earnings per share stood lower at PKR 0.29 as compared to PKR 0.41 for Q4 2021 largely due to higher finance costs.

4

.

5

| (Amounts in thousand)  Description  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  FY 2022  Net Sales  1,386,763  2,873,311  3,302,865  2,463,945  10,026,884  Cost of Sales  (1,277,332)  (2,556,601)  (2,226,663)  (2,254,996)  (8,315,592)  Gross Profit  109,431  316,710  1,076,202  208,949  1,711,292  Administrative expenses  (80,388)  (74,769)  (63,173)  (102,803)  (321,133)  Other expenses  (6,623)  (7,389)  (16,937)  (38,361)  (69,310)  Other income  1,544  12,051  4,969  4,200  22,764  Profit from operations  23,964  246,603  1,001,061  71,985  1,343,613  Finance income - net  127,615  12,431  (29,048)  24,182  135,180  Profit before tax  151,579  259,034  972,013  96,167  1,478,793  Tax  (548)  (4,417)  (663)  (1,409)  (7,037)  Profit after tax  151,031  254,617  971,350  94,758  1,471,756  EPS  0.47  0.79  3.00  0.29   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## horizontal

## analysis

Horizontal Analysis Balance Sheet (Rs. In '000)

| EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Share capital  3,238,000  -  3,238,000  -  3,238,000  -  3,238,000  -  3,238,000  -  3,238,000  Share premium  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  Maintenance reserve  227,182  -  227,182  -  227,182  -  227,182  -  227,182  -  227,182  Hedging reserve  -  (100)  11,575  (7)  12,449  (7)  13,325  (6)  14,199  (129)  (49,606)  Unappropraited profit  9,558,830  (24)  12,620,274  4  12,078,318  16  10,403,899  30  7,972,617  26  6,316,404  Total equity  13,104,789  (19)  16,177,808  3  15,636,726  12  13,963,183  21  11,532,775  18  9,812,757  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Borrowings  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (100)  758,568  (73)  2,819,315  Other Payable  -  -  -  (100)  986,605  100  -  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade and other payables  4,822,707  (25)  6,432,479  24  5,190,675  (38)  8,406,839  60  5,241,411  57  3,346,430  Unclaimed dividend  20,386  (1)  20,589  (9)  22,575  (2)  23,002  (4)  23,933  17  20,528  Accrued interest / mark up  199,306  225  61,319  11  55,268  (40)  92,640  72  53,892  74  30,942  Short term borrowings  6,014,459  27  4,752,443  31  3,618,445  (3)  3,712,840  (1)  3,758,495  17  3,208,672  Current portion of borrowings  -  -  -  (100)  857,047  (69)  2,804,531  37  2,051,918  Unpaid dividend  -  -  -  (100)  485,700  100  -  -  -  Total current liabilities  11,056,858  (2)  11,266,830  27  8,886,963  (35)  13,578,068  14  11,882,262  37  8,658,490  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  24,161,647  (12)  27,444,638  8  25,510,294  (7)  27,541,251  14  24,173,605  14  21,290,562  ASSETS  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  11,112,553  (6)  11,814,962  (7)  12,685,728  (5)  13,299,480  (3)  13,664,179  4  13,169,212  Intangible assets  206,095  (9)  225,726  273  60,459  (12)  68,651  (3)  70,945  (8)  77,044  Long term loans and advances  12,966  (7)  13,938  (40)  23,233  (33)  34,659  (65)  100,057  155  39,243  Long term deposits  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  3  2,491  Total non-current assets  11,334,188  (6)  12,057,200  (6)  12,771,994  (5)  13,405,364  (3)  13,837,755  4  13,287,990  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  844,297  55  544,469  (36)  853,335  (1)  863,183  (4)  895,149  2  881,182  Trade debts  9,800,242  (17)  11,842,552  68  7,040,059  (28)  9,806,697  29  7,601,705  36  5,571,570  Short term Investment  449,997  815  49,179  (0)  49,321  (1)  49,963  (0)  50,004  0  50,000  Loans, advances, deposits  and  prepayments  148,006  62  91,304  (12)  104,018  (8)  113,298  (9)  125,059  35  92,400  Other receivables  1,473,159  (47)  2,780,455  (40)  4,644,272  44  3,225,441  103  1,587,041  19  1,335,280  Taxes recoverable  31,637  (10)  35,042  2  34,254  (47)  64,919  1  64,152  (1)  64,731  Balances with banks  80,121  80  44,437  241  13,041  5  12,386  (3)  12,740  72  7,409  Total current assets  12,827,459  (17)  15,387,438  21  12,738,300  (10)  14,135,887  37  10,335,850  29  8,002,572  TOTAL ASSETS  24,161,647  (12)  27,444,638  8  25,510,294  (7)  27,541,251  14  24,173,605  14  21,290,562  2022  22 Vs. 21  2021  21 Vs. 20  2020  20 Vs. 19  2019  19 Vs. 18  2018  18 Vs. 17  2017  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Commercial operations commenced from March 27, 2010

## vertical

## analysis

Vertical Analysis Balance Sheet (Rs. In '000)

| EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Share capital  3,238,000  13  3,238,000  12  3,238,000  13  3,238,000  12  3,238,000  13  3,238,000  15  Share premium  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  80,777  -  Maintenance reserve  227,182  1  227,182  1  227,182  1  227,182  1  227,182  1  227,182  1  Hedging reserve  -  -  11,575  -  12,449  -  13,325  -  14,199  -  (49,606)  -  Unappropraited profit  9,558,830  40  12,620,274  46  12,078,318  47  10,403,899  38  7,972,617  33  6,316,404  30  Total Equity  13,104,789  54  16,177,808  59  15,636,726  61  13,963,183  51  11,532,775  48  9,812,757  46  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Borrowings  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  758,568  3  2,819,315  13  Other Payable  -  -  -  -  986,605  -  4  -  -  -  -  -  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade and other payables  4,822,707  20  6,432,479  23  5,190,675  20  8,406,839  31  5,241,411  22  3,346,430  16  Unclaimed dividend  20,386  -  20,589  -  22,575  -  23,002  -  23,933  -  20,528  -  Accrued interest / mark up  199,306  1  61,319  -  55,268  -  92,640  -  53,892  -  30,942  -  Short term borrowings  6,014,459  25  4,752,443  17  3,618,445  14  3,712,840  13  3,758,495  16  3,208,672  15  Current portion of borrowings  -  -  -  -  857,047  3  2,804,531  12  2,051,918  10  Unpaid dividend  -  -  -  -  485,700  2  -  -  -  -  Total Liabilities  11,056,858  46  11,266,830  41  8,886,963  35  13,578,068  49  11,882,262  49  8,658,490  41  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  24,161,647  100  27,444,638  100  25,510,294  100  27,541,251  100  24,173,605  100  21,290,562  100  ASSETS  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  11,112,553  46  11,814,962  43  12,685,728  50  13,299,480  48  13,664,179  57  13,169,212  62  Intangible assets  206,095  1  225,726  1  60,459  -  68,651  -  70,945  -  77,044  -  Long term loans and advances  12,966  -  13,938  -  23,233  -  34,659  -  100,057  -  39,243  -  Long term deposits  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,574  -  2,491  -  Total non-current assets  11,334,188  47  12,057,200  44  12,771,994  50  13,405,364  48  13,837,755  57  13,287,990  62  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  844,297  3  544,469  2  853,335  3  863,183  3  895,149  4  881,182  6  Trade debts  9,800,242  41  11,842,552  44  7,040,059  29  9,806,697  36  7,601,705  31  5,571,570  26  Short term Investment  449,997  2  49,179  -  49,321  -  49,963  -  50,004  -  50,000  -  Loans, advances, deposits and  prepayments  148,006  1  91,304  -  104,018  -  113,298  1  125,059  1  92,400  -  Other receivables  1,473,159  6  2,780,455  10  4,644,272  18  3,225,441  12  1,587,041  7  1,335,280  6  Taxes recoverable  31,637  -  35,042  -  34,254  -  64,919  -  64,152  -  64,731  -  Balances with banks  80,121  -  44,437  -  13,041  -  12,386  -  12,740  -  7,409  -  Total current assets  12,827,459  53  15,387,438  56  12,738,300  50  14,135,887  52  10,335,850  43  8,002,572  38  TOTAL ASSETS  24,161,647  100  27,444,638  100  25,510,294  100  27,541,251  100  24,173,605  100  21,290,562  100  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Commercial operations commenced from March 27, 2010

## horizontal &amp; vertical

## analysis

Profit and Loss Account Amounts in '000

| Horizontal Analysis  Sales  10,026,884  (2)  10,203,775  26  8,097,818  (39)  13,201,094  11  11,874,365  2  11,589,512  Cost of Sales  (8,315,592)  (6)  (8,820,758)  39  (6,358,895)  (34)  (9,584,745)  8  (8,837,993)  -  (8,863,784)  Gross profit  1,711,292  24  1,383,017  (20)  1,738,923  (52)  3,616,349  19  3,036,372  11  2,725,728  Administrative Expenses  (321,133)  91  (168,020)  62  (103,724)  4  (99,509)  (21)  (125,582)  8  (116,754)  Other expenses  (69,310)  23  (56,414)  (15)  (66,350)  21  (54,807)  (38)  (87,894)  49  (58,835)  Other income  22,764  457  4,090  (95)  79,681  4,779  1,633  (9)  1,785  (98)  110,224  Profit from operations  1,343,613  16  1,162,673  (29)  1,648,530  (52)  3,463,666  23  2,824,681  6  2,660,363  Finance income / (cost) - net  135,180  (69)  433,529  (3)  445,715  (873)  (57,663)  (71)  (196,005)  (27)  (269,221)  Profit before taxation  1,478,793  (7)  1,596,202  (24)  2,094,245  (39)  3,406,003  30  2,628,676  10  2,391,142  Taxation  (7,037)  271  (1,895)  (87)  (15,075)  354  (3,321)  212  (1,063)  114  (497)  Profit for the year  1,471,756  (8)  1,594,307  (23)  2,079,170  (39)  3,402,682  29  2,627,613  10  2,390,645  Vertical Analysis  Sales  10,026,884  100  10,203,775  100  8,097,818  100  13,201,094  100  11,874,365  100  11,589,512  Cost of Sales  (8,315,592)  (83)  (8,820,758)  (86)  (6,358,895)  (79)  (9,584,745)  (73)  (8,837,993)  (74)  (8,863,784)  Gross profit  1,711,292  17  1,383,017  14  1,738,923  21  3,616,349  27  3,036,372  26  2,725,728  Administrative expenses  (321,133)  (3)  (168,020)  (2)  (103,724)  (1)  (99,509)  (1)  (125,582)  (1)  (116,754)  Other expenses  (69,310)  (1)  (56,414)  (1)  (66,350)  (1)  (54,807)  -  (87,894)  (1)  (58,835)  Other income  22,764  -  4,090  -  79,681  1  1,633  -  1,785  -  110,224  Profit from operations  1,343,613  13  1,162,673  11  1,648,530  20  3,463,666  26  2,824,681  24  2,660,363  Finance income / (cost) - net  135,180  1  433,529  4  445,715  6  (57,663)  -  (196,005)  (2)  (269,221)  Profit before taxation  1,478,793  15  1,596,202  16  2,094,245  26  3,406,003  26  2,628,676  22  2,391,142  Taxation  (7,037)  -  (1,895)  -  (15,075)  -  (3,321)  -  (1,063)  -  (497)  Profit for the year  1,471,756  15  1,594,307  16  2,079,170  26  3,402,682  26  2,627,613  22  2,390,645  2022  22 Vs. 21  2021  21 Vs. 20  2020  20 Vs. 19  2019  19 Vs. 18  2018  18 Vs. 17  2017  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.  %  Rs.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Commercial operations commenced from March 27, 2010

## summary key

| Rs. in '000  Summary of Balance Sheet  Share capital  3,238,000  3,238,000  3,238,000  3,238,000  3,238,000  3,238,000  Maintenance Reserve  227,182  227,182  227,182  227,182  227,182  227,182  Shareholders' funds / Equity  13,04,789  16,7808  15,63726  13,968  1,532,75  9,812,75  Long term borrowings  -  -  -  857,047  3,5609  4,87123  Other payable  -  2,7563  3,295,4  -  -  -  Capital employed  13,04,789  16,7808  15,63726  14,820,230  15,095,874  14,68390  Property, plant &amp; equipment  1,2,53  1,84962  12,685728  13,29,480  13,6479  13,69212  Long term asets  1,348  12,057,200  12,7194  13,405,364  13,875  13,287,90  Net current asets (liabilities) / Working capital  1,70,601  6,8924  6,10,227  1,486  1,258,19  1,396000  Summary of Profit and Loss  Sales  10,026,84  10,203,75  8,097,81  13,201,094  1,874365  1,5892  Gros profit  1,7292  1,38017  1,738923  3,6149  3,036,72  2,725,728  Profit from operations  1,346  1,62,673  1,648530  3,46  2,824,681  2,60,36  Profit before taxation  1,47893  1,596202  2,094,245  3,406,003  2,628,67  2,39142  Profit for the year  1,4756  1,594307  2,079,10  3,402,682  2,627,613  2,390,645  EBITDA  2,890,102  2,720,198  3,659  4,796  3,859641  3,562,175  Summary of Cash Flows  Net cash flow from operating activities  4,281,65  374,96  2,457308  4,234,290  3,76823  3,051,68  Net cash flow from investing activities  (54,36)  (108,51)  (53,89)  (14,387)  (162,582)  (83,52)  Net cash flow from financing activities  (4,9631)  (1,3680)  (2,308,369)  (4,124,606)  (3,75829)  (3,290,039)  Changes in cash &amp; cash equivalents  (1,226,32)  (1,02,602)  95,050  (4,703)  (54,8)  (321,86)  Cash &amp; cash equivalents at year end  (5,9348)  (4,708,006)  (3,605,404)  (3,700,45)  (3,69571)  (3,15263)  Summary of Actual Production  Maximum Generation Posible  MWh  1,860,982  1,862,519  1,8659  1,867043  1,863724  1,8692  Declared Capacity Billable  MWh  1,742,045  1,862,519  1,860,213  1,8653  1,862,203  1,8745  Net Electrical Output  MWh  768,202  861,97  50,415  1,097,427  1,526,309  1,7346  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.  Rs.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## cash flow statement direct method

(Rupees in thousand)

| 2022  2021  Cash Flows From Operating Activities  Cash receipts from customers - net  14,851,741  9,164,957  Cash paid to suppliers / service providers  and employees - net  (10,491,444)  (8,702,981)  Payment to Workers' Profit Participation fund - net  (75,000)  (84,497)  Taxes recovered / (paid) - net  (3,632)  (2,683)  Net cash generated from operating activities  4,281,665  374,796  Cash Flows From Investing Activities  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (110,468)  (41,515)  Purchase of intangible assets  (12,767)  (77,616)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  2,113  7,483  Investments made during the year  (6,179,940)  (248,859)  Investments encashed/matured during the year  5,756,696  251,989  Net cash utilised in investing activities  (544,366)  (108,518)  Cash Flows From Financing Activities  Repayments of long-term borrowings  -  -  Finance cost paid  (430,228)  (314,543)  Dividends paid  (4,533,403)  (1,054,337)  Net cash utilised in financing activities  (4,963,631)  (1,368,880)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (1,226,332)  (1,102,602)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  (4,708,006)  (3,605,404)  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  (5,934,338)  (4,708,006)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ratios of last

## six years

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  2017  Profitability Ratios:  Gros profit to sales  %  17%  14%  21%  27%  26%  24%  Net profit to sales  %  15%  16%  26%  26%  22%  21%  EBITDA Margin to Sales  %  29%  27%  42%  36%  3%  Return on Equity  %  1%  10%  13%  24%  23%  24%  Return on Capital Employed  %  1%  10%  14%  23%  18%  Operating leverage ratio  Times  -3.9  -1.0  0.9  2.6  4.0  23.1  Liquidity Ratios:  Current ratio  Times  1.6  1.37  1.43  1.04  0.87  0.92  Quick / acid test ratio  Times  1.08  1.32  1.34  0.98  0.79  0.82  Cash and cash equivalents  to Current Liabilities  %  -54%  -42%  -41%  -27%  -31%  Cash flow from Operations  to Sales  %  43%  4%  30%  32%  28%  26%  Activity / Turnover Ratios:  No. of days in receivables  Days  394  38  380  241  202  Debtors turnover ratio.  Times  0.93  1.08  0.96  1.52  1.80  2.45  No. of days in payables  Days  17  18  317  194  1  Credit turnover ratio.  Times  2.13  1.94  1.5  1.8  3.28  8.2  Total asets turnover ratio  Times  0.41  0.37  0.32  0.48  0.49  0.54  Fixed Asets turnover ratio  Times  0.8  0.85  0.63  0.98  0.86  0.87  Operating cycle  Days  223  150  62  47  91  108  Investment / Market Ratios:  Earnings per share  (PKR)  4.5  4.92  6.42  10.51  8.1  Price earnings ratio  (Times)  5.4  3.9  3.10  2.49  3.51  Price to book ratio  (Times)  0.62  0.39  0.41  0.61  0.80  1.09  Dividend payout ratio  (%)  176%  152%  47%  29%  18%  Dividend cover ratio  (%)  57%  6%  214%  350%  541%  227%  Dividend yeild ratio  (%)  32%  39%  15%  1%  5%  10%  Market value per share at  the end of the year and  (PKR)  24.78  19.3  19.0  26.19  28.50  3.02  high during the year  (PKR)  30.15  23.19  27.63  30.45  35.0  38.25  low during the year  (PKR)  19.00  16.7  17.  18.93  28.00  30.5  Breakup value per share  (PKR)  40.47  49.6  48.29  43.12  35.62  30.30  Cash dividend per share  (PKR per  8.00  7.50  3.00  3.00  1.50  3.25  share)  Capital Structure Ratios:  Financial leverage ratio  (Times)  0.00  0.00  0.00  0.06  0.31  0.50  Weighted average cost of debt  (%)  0%  0%  5%  8%  6%  Debt to Equity ratio  (as per book)  (Times)  0.00  0.00  0.00  0.06  0.31  0.50  Debt to Equity ratio  (as per market value)  (Times)  0.00  0.00  0.00  0.10  0.39  0.46  Interest cover ratio  (Times)  0.00  0.00  79.3  19.6  10.61   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

3

6

%

4

%

1

6

%

7

.

3

8

4

.

7

3

1

%

1

4

9

5

%

9

.

8

3

4

1

## snapshots

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Gross Profit and Net Profit (Rs. in million)

<!-- image -->

Earnings, Break Up Value and Market Value ( in Rs. per share)

<!-- image -->

Cash Flow Analysis (Rs. in 000's)

<!-- image -->

Equity and Net Assets Per Share

<!-- image -->

## Balance Sheet Analysis (Assets) (Rs. 000's)

Property, Plant and Equipment

Current Assets

Other Non-Current Assets

Profit and Loss Analysis (Income) (Rs. 000's)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Sales

Other Income

Finance income - net

Profit and Loss Analysis (Expenses) (Rs. 000's)

<!-- image -->

Cost of Sales

Administrative expenses

Other expenses

Finance cost - net

Taxation

<!-- image -->

Return on Equity &amp; Capital Employeed (Rs. in 000's &amp; in Percentage)

<!-- image -->

Operating Life Cycle Ratios in Days

Debtors

Creditors

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Dividend Yield, Cover and Payout (in Percentages)

<!-- image -->

## variance

## analysis

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## using key variables share price sensitivity analysis

(i.e  selling  price,  raw  material  cost,  interest  rate  and  currency)  with  the  consequent  impact  on  the company's earning.

During the year, ~116 Mn shares were traded at Pakistan stock exchange at an average per share of RS 23.32. During the year, the stock price peaked at RS 30.15 and bottomed at Rs 19.00.

<!-- image -->

## interest rate

Interest rate is a key variable in the company's revenue and cost structure. EPQL's revenue from the working capital component of the CPP tariff and delayed payment income from WAPDA are highly sensitive to interest rates. On the other hand, the company utilizes RF lines to ensure adequate liquidity, therefore interest rates also play a key role in the company's short-term borrowing costs.

## exchange rate sensitivity

Foreign fixed O&amp;M and foreign variable O&amp;M components are indexed to the exchange rate.

## statement of value addition &amp; distribution

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited

(Amounts in '000)

| 2022  2021  Rs.  Rs.  ## Wealth Generated  Total Revenue Inclusive Of Sales Tax  And Other Income  11,932,033  12,344,224  bought-in-raw Material And Services  (8,438,684)  (9,472,718)  3,493,349  2,871,506  Wealth Distributed  To Employees  salaries, Benefits And Other Costs  558,484  136,197  To Government  taxes And Duties  34,165  3,579  To Society  donation Towards Education, Health,  Environment And Natural Disaster  17,635  13,427  To Providers Of Capital  dividend To Shareholders  4,533,200  1,052,351  Mark-up/interest Expense On Borrowed Money  568,215  5,101,415  1,372,945  Retained For Reinvestment And Future Growth  depreciation, Amortization And Retained Profit  (Net Of Dividend Paid)  (2,218,350)  1,345,358  3,493,349  2,871,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

320,594

## statement of value addition 2022 vs. 2021

| -100%  To Employees  To Government  To Society  To Providers of  Capital  Retained for  reinvestment  and future  growth   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## stakeholders engaging

EPQL understands the importance of stakeholder engagement and recognizes that there is no better way to ensure that our Company remains a responsible corporate citizen having a positive impact on all our stakeholders. We engage with our stakeholders both formally and informally, periodically and regularly.

EPQL's stakeholders include:

## investors, lenders, and shareholders

Investors and shareholders are engaged through our Annual General Meeting as well as our Corporate Reports (quarterly,  half  yearly  &amp;  annual  reports),  which  include  comprehensive  information  on  both financial and non-financial matters related to the Company. Further, analyst briefings are conducted, while disclosures to the stock exchange on strategic events are made as and when required.

## customers

Our  primary  customer  is  Central  Power  Purchasing  Agency  -  Guaranteed  (CPPA-G).  We  are  in continuous contact and dialogue with our customer through regular meetings and correspondences on business issues.

## suppliers

Our suppliers are engaged through periodic formal and informal meetings/conferences. We regularly provide them with technical assistance related to their business, to benefit both the industry and the economy in which we operate.

## host communities (local to our facilities and throughout Pakistan)

We consider ourselves responsible for our host communities and hold regular interaction to understand how we can improve  our  relationship.  The  Company  is  extremely  active  in  health,  education  and livelihood projects for the betterment of these communities.

## employees

We concentrate on employee engagement as it is key to performance. A survey is carried out at regular intervals to assess the levels of engagement and motivation at the workplace and based on feedback, areas of weaknesses are improved, and strengths held stable.

## government

Moving beyond regulatory compliances, we continue to engage with the government and regulators in public policy lobbying and policy reforms at local, provincial, and federal level. EPQL's management frequently  engages  with  government  officials  on  various  matters  including  energy  sector  issues, alternative power, local community development and infrastructure related issues.

## regulators

The Company complies with regulatory requirements and in this regard maintains close coordination with  relevant  regulators  including  the  National  Electric  Power  Regulatory  Authority  (NEPRA),  stock exchange, tax authorities, and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP).

## media

We engage with the print and visual media through regular press releases on key achievements and disclosures.  The  Company  schedules  regular  media  interactions  via  briefings  on  periodic  results, through Plant visits and through informal conversations throughout the year on the Company's news and updates.

## competitive landscape and market positioning

Power purchase in the sector is mainly determined through a merit order, which is based on variable pricing of electricity of power producers. Some power plants, particularly renewables, operate out of merit order. EPQL maintained its merit order position on gas and stayed within the top 10 of the list. EPQL recorded load factor of 41% in 2022, which is lower than last year on account of scheduled maintenance outage during the year, which is done after every six years. However, with increasing power generation capacity base and with the addition of new power producers that either operate out of  merit  order  or  rank  higher  in  the  merit  order,  dispatch  may  be  affected  during  winter  months, especially if demand growth does not keep up given the ongoing economic situation in the country. Moreover, the sector is  gripped by growing circular debt, resulting from inefficiencies in the system, which affects the performances of the power producers by translating into liquidity constraints. Cash available in the system is scarce while payments required to be made continue to increase, especially given  the  devaluation  of  Pakistani  Rupee  recently.  The  Company  rigorously  focuses  on  increasing shareholder  value  through  remaining  committed  to  promote  the  long-term  development  of  Power Sector. EPQL has strong key business drivers which enable it to differentiate its offering and create value for the customers. The Company uses low-BTU high sulfur content permeate gas from Qadirpur gas field, which was previously being flared, for electricity generation. This utilization results in lower carbon emissions compared to other thermal plants and is hence considered a 'green solution'. The unique fuel usage makes the Company one of the lowest opportunity cost thermal power plants in the Country.

EPQL demonstrated operational excellence and maintained system reliability and remained compliant with international standards in safety and environment in providing reliable and affordable energy.

## how the organization is currently equipped in responding to the critical challenges and uncertainties that are likely to arise

Gas  depletion  remains  a  critical  challenge  and  as  envisaged,  the  Company  is  currently  facing curtailment  from  Qadirpur  Gas  field  and  has  made  its  plant  available  in  mixed  mode.  EPQL  has submitted the final Gas Depletion Mitigation Plan (GDMP) to PPIB. It is also engaged extensively with relevant parties to ensure conclusion of alternate fuel plan. The Company has a highly experienced management team which is in continuous engagement with stakeholders to avert any risk. To minimize the impact of gas depletion, it has identified a local fuel source from PEL to supply 8 - 13 mmcfd of gas to EPQL. Generation License and tariff modification request has been submitted to NEPRA and the management  is  engaged  actively  with  the  relevant  stakeholders  to  obtain  required  regulatory approvals.

The deep-rooted issue of rising Circular debt and its adverse impact on businesses poses financial uncertainty. The Company continues to monitor and forecast circular debt levels including its impact on company cashflows and develops effective strategies to curb liquidity constraints through effective treasury operations and cost optimization strategies.

With addition in generation assets, power producers lower in the merit order face the uncertainty of consistent dispatch in case growth in power demand does not keep up. The Company is extensively developing business strategies to enhance plant load factor and improve merit order position, thus unlocking shareholder value.

Due  to  current  situation,  imports  of  spares  may  be  impacted.  EPQL  management  is  extensively engaged with relevant stakeholders to avoid any delays in foreign procurement of critical equipment.

environmental stewardship

## performance our environmental

As  a  leading  energy  player,  we  are  aware  of  our  commitment  to  include  a  broader  stakeholder community so we can establish a truly sustainable framework of doing business. We, as a company are passionate about ensuring that our policies &amp; procedures remain eco-friendly and over the years, we  have  demonstrated  our  focus  on  the  environment  by  taking  ownership  of  our  environmental footprint year on year.

## environmental stewardship strategy

To align our focus on driving an eco-friendlier approach towards doing business we continue to focus our efforts on a four-pronged strategy to manage our investments in health, safety and environment. Based  on  these  identified  focus  areas,  we  formulate  our  own  health,  safety  and  environmental stewardship strategy catering to our specific business operations. This agenda includes:

- Environmental Footprint Management
- Adherence to Local Laws and Global Standards
- Occupational Health &amp; Safety
- Conservation of Natural Resources

Over the years, we have been able to maintain business growth while reducing our environmental impact through a focused eco-efficient approach. Our operations are ISO 14001 certified and fully compliant with the national environmental regulations. Moving beyond regulations and compliances, we have adopted strict international best practices on environmental management, like British Safety Council Environmental Program and WWF Green Office certification. We have a sound policy in place with regards to this agenda, which is factually enforced, across our business by designated teams having environmental experts. Our environmental management function is subject to internal audit and independent third-party audits as well.

During  the  year  2022,  Environmental  Action  Plan  and  the  Social  &amp;  environmental  covenants  were regularly monitored, and quarterly reports were sent to Sindh Environmental Protection Agency as per legal requirement with no deviations reported during the year. The major results of the operations-phase environmental monitoring plan are as follows:

| Plant noise  Emission  Liquid  Effluent  Discharge  Plant Air  Emissions  Exhaust  Gas  Quality  Ambient  Air  Quality  Solid  Waste  Disposal  To ensure that the  noise levels at the  plant boundary wall  comply with the  world bank noise  standards  To ensure the  discharge of liquid  effluent in  compliance with  NEQS  To ensure that the  air emissions from  the plant are in  compliance with  the NEQS and IFC  standards  To estimate the air  emissions from  actual fuel  consumption  To ensure that the  ambient air quality  around the plant  site is within the  required standards  To check the  availability of waste  management  system and  implementation  Ambient noise level at the  boundary and various  locations within the plant  pH, TDS, oil, Temprature  NOx, SOx, CO, and  PM10  Fuel consumed per day  NOx, SOx, CO,  and PM10  Inspection of waste  generation,collection,  segregation,storage,  recycling and disposal  will be undertaken at  each site of the project  activity  A-weighted  noise levels -  24 hours,  readings taken  at 15 s intervals  over 15 min.  every hour, and  then averaged  in house &amp; 3rd party  SEPA Lab on set  frequency  Plant stack  emissions  through sampling  Estimated through  actual fuel usage  12-hour ambient  air sampling at  each of the  selected points  Visual inspections,  waste records  Along the plant  boundary wall  at 100 m  intervals and  near the various  noise emission  sources in the  plant 15.2 m  from the source in  four direction  Waste water dilution  pit  At the plant stack  Import pipeline  gas metering  station  Maximum points  of pollutant  concentration  worked out from  air dispersion  modeling  Plant and office  areas  Once in  3-months  Once in 3-months  detail analysis.  Daily monitoring  of pH, TSS and  sulphates  Once every three  months on a  typical working  day  Daily  Once in 3 months  Daily  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Done as per plan.  No deviation  occurred.  Activity  Objectives  Parameters to  Measurements  Location  Frequency  Remarks  of  monitoring  be monitored   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## certifications

## ISO-14001 &amp; ISO-45001

Engro  Powergen  Qadirpur  Limited  is  an  ISO14001  (Environmental  Management  Systems)  &amp; ISO45001(Occupational Health &amp; Safety) Certified Company. Surveillance audits were carried out in 2022 to ensure that the Company remains in conformity with the above certifications.

## Outstanding Rating in NEPRA HSE Performance Evaluation Report

Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (EPQL) has been ranked 'Outstanding' in NEPRA HSE Performance Evaluation Report for the year 2021-2022 from National Electric Power Regulatory Authority (NEPRA). The Ranking Criteria Gauges Performance in Occupational Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) in line  with  NEPRA  Power  Safety  Code.  Performance  is  assessed  via  detailed  questionnaire  of  20 Common Assessment Categories.

## ISO 55001: 2014 certification

In 2020 EPQL was certified for the ISO 55001:2014 certification by the British Standards Institute (BSI) for effective asset management - making it the first subsidiary in the group to achieve this certification.

## occupational health and safety

## performance

| 834,915  527,540  0  0  0  0  876,296  589,528  0  0  0  0  793,238  535,003  0  0  0  0  551,236  303,576  0  0  0  0  516,354  278,004  0  0  0  0  791,825  549,926  0  0  0  0  Indicators  Total Number  of Man-Hours  Worked  Contractual  Man-hours  Total Number  of Fatalities  Total Number  of Lost Time  Accidents  Lost Day  Rate  Fatality  Rate  746,752  517,417  0  0  0  0  2010  709,931  496,103  0  0  0  0  2011  808,501  587,619  0  0  0  0  2012  781,332  543,877  0  0  0  0  2013  982,596  667,423  0  0  0  0  2014  781,332  543,877  0  0  0  0  2015  813,331  497,340  0  0  0  0  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## incident statistics

| Incident Statistics for  the year 2019  Total Injuries 0  Fatalities 0  LWIs 0  RWCs 0  MTCs 0  1st Aids 1  Fire 2  Violation of Safety  Procedure 78  Environmental Accident :2  Process Safety Incident 1  Near misses 47  Vehicle Incident : 00  Incident Statistics for  the year 2020  Total Injuries 0  Fatalities 0  LWIs 0  RWCs 0  MTCs 0  1st Aids 0  Fire 1  Violation of Safety  Procedure 42  Environmental Accident 1  Process Safety Incident 5  Near misses 23  Vehicle Incident : 1  Incident Statistics for  the year 2021  Total Injuries 0  Fatalities 0  LWIs 0  RWCs 0  MTCs 0  1st Aids 1  Fire 1  Violation of Safety  Procedure 40  Environmental Accident 2  Process Safety Incident 01  Near misses 196  Vehicle Incident : 0  Incident Statistics for the  year 2022  Total Man-Hours Since  COD- 98,53351  Total Injuries 0  Fatalities 0  LWIs 0  RWCs 0  MTCs 0  1st Aids Cases 13  Process Fire Incident 01  General Fire Incident 04  Violation of Safety Procedure 186  Environment Internal incident 09  Process Safety Incident 01  Total Incident+ Near Miss  Year-2022 (430)  Vehicle Incident : 7   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Recycling

Type of Wastes

Disposal (kg/year)  Rate (%)

## summary of

Generation

(kg/year)

## waste management

| Wooden Waste  6200 Kg  0  6200 Kg  100%  Papers,  4000Kg  0  4000Kg  100%  Non- Hazardous  Iron Waste  70 Drums  0  70 Drums  100%  wastes  Sewage Waste Water  15000 Ltrs  0  15000 Ltrs  100%  Air Filters  3110 Pecices  0  3110 Pecices  100%  Kitchen Waste  (Food &amp; Kitchen Waste)  16731  0  16731  100%  Daily Solid Waste  51750  0  51750  100%  Toilet waste  3521 Tissue Bags  0  3521 Tissue Bags  100%  COVID-19 Waste  06 Kg  0  06 Kg  100%  Lab Waste  370 Kg  0  370 Kg  100%  Tube Lights Waste  40 Kg  0  40 Kg  100%  Hazardous Waste  Mixture of Diesel and water  15000 Ltrs  0  15000 Ltrs  100%  Plastic Scrap  6900 Kg  0  6900 Kg  100%  Plastic Waste  3500 Canes  0  3500 Canes  100%  (Chemical Canes +  Plastic Drums)  + 12 Drums  + 12 Drums  Diesel  292000 Ltrs  0  292000 Ltrs  100%  Type of Wastes  Generation  (kg/year)  Recovery &amp;  Reuse  (kg/year)  Treatment /  Destruction  / Disposal  (kg/year)  Recycling  Rate (%)  Non- Hazardous  wastes   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For residential area, the municipal liquid is treated through sewage Treatment Plant and water is discharged to nearby canal  after  meeting  all  National  Environmental  Quality  Standard.  The  solid  waste  like  leaves/paper/wood,  kitchen waste is given to SEPA approved vendors

Recovery &amp;

Treatment / Destruction

Reuse (kg/year)

/

## compliance ambient air quality

| Particulate Matter  (&lt;10µm)  - Annual Mean  - Max 24-hour Average  µg/Nm3  50 /150  50/ 150  95.2  11  Compliant  SO2  - Annual Mean  - Max 24-hour Average  µg/Nm3  80 /150  80 /150  3.3  126  Compliant  NOx as NO2  - Annual Mean  - Max 24-hour Average  - Max 1-hour Average  µg/Nm3  100 /150 N.A.  100/ 150 N.A.  0.1  11.7  Compliant  Air Quality Parameters  Unit  World Bank  Ambient Air Quality  Guidelines  Pakistan Ambient  Air Quality  Standard  Result of  Monitoring  Year-2021  Result of  Monitoring  Compliance  status   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Liquid Effluents &amp; Water Usage in 2022

## water

## consumption 2022

| Water Withdrawl (M3/hr)  228  Water Discharge (M3/hr)  118  Water Evaporated / Consumed (M3/hr)  110  Mega Watt Generated (MWHr)  105  Per Mega Watt Water Withdrawl (M3/hr)  2.17  Per Mega Watt Water Discharge (M3/hr)  1.12  Per Mega Watt Water Evaporated / Consumed (M3/hr)  1.05  Water Consumption   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

2,832 M3/day total effluent discharge 5,472 M3/day average water use/day

shareholder information

## general meeting notice of annual

Notice is hereby given that the Seventeenth Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the members of  Engro  Powergen  Qadirpur  Limited  (the  'Company')  will  be  held  at  Karachi  School  of Business and Leadership (KSBL) situated at National Stadium Road, Opp. Liaquat National Hospital,  Karachi  -  74800  on  Wednesday,  March  29,  2023,  at  02:30  p.m.  to  transact  the following businesses:

Members are encouraged to attend the AGM through video conference facility managed by the Company (please see the notes section for details).

## a) ordinary business

1.   To  receive,  consider  and  adopt  the  Audited  Financial  Statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, together with the Directors' and Auditors' Reports thereon and Chairman's Review Report.

As required under section 223(7) of the Companies Act 2017, Financial Statements of the Company have been uploaded on the website of the Company which can be downloaded from the following link:

https://www.engroenergy.com/epql/#financial

<!-- image -->

2. To appoint Auditors for the year 2023 and fix their remuneration. The Members are hereby notified that the Board Audit Committee and the Board of Directors have recommended the name of retiring Auditors M/s. A. F. Ferguson &amp; Co., for re-appointment as Auditors of the Company.

## special business

3. To consider and if deemed fit, to pass with or without modification(s), addition(s) or deletion(s), the following Special Resolution(s) to amend the Articles of Association of the Company under Section 38 of the Companies Act, 2017, as recommended by the Board of Directors of the Company:

resolved that Article 78 of the Articles of Association of the Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (the 'Company') be and is hereby amended to read as follows:

'78. The quorum for meetings of the Board of Directors shall be required by Section 176(1) of the Companies Act, 2017. Save as otherwise expressly provided in the Act, every question at meetings of the Board shall be determined by a majority of votes of the directors present in person or through video- link, each director having one vote. In case of an equality of votes or tie, the Chairman shall have a casting vote in addition to his original vote as a director.'

further resolved that Article 81 of the Articles of Association of the Company be and is hereby amended to read as follows:

'81. A resolution in writing approved by majority of the directors or the committee of directors for the time being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of the directors or committee of directors shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at the meeting of the directors or the committee of directors duly convened and held.'

further resolved that the Chief Executive Officer and/or Company Secretary of the Company be and is hereby authorized to, singly, do all acts, deeds, and things, take any and all necessary steps, to fulfil the legal, corporate and procedural formalities and file all necessary documents/returns as deemed necessary on this behalf and the matters ancillary thereto to fully achieve the object of the aforesaid resolution.

<!-- image -->

By Order of the Board

HANAN BATOOL Company Secretary

Karachi Dated: February 08, 2023

## notes

## 1. Participation in the AGM proceeding via video conferencing facility:

Members are encouraged to attend the AGM proceedings via video-conferencing facility, which shall be made available by the Company.

All shareholders/members  interested in attending the AGM,  either physically or through video-conferencing facility are requested to register their Name, Folio Number, Cell Number, CNIC/ Passport  number  at  https://forms.office.com/r/Svc5bvK4XM.  Confirmation  email  for  physical meeting  or  video  link  and  login  credentials  will  be  shared  with  only  those  shareholders  whose registration are received at least 48 hours before the time of AGM.

Shareholders can also provide their comments and questions for the agenda items of the AGM at the email address agm.epql@engro.com.

## 2. Electronic transmission of Annual Report 2022

In  compliance  with  section  223(6)  of  Companies  Act  2017,  the  Company  has  electronically transmitted the Annual Report 2022 through email to shareholders whose email addresses are available with the Company's Share Registrar, M/s. FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited. In those cases, where email addresses are not available with the Company's Share Registrar, printed notices of AGM along-with the QR enabled code/weblink to download the said financial statements have been dispatched. However, the Company will provide hard copies of the Annual Report to any member on their demand, at their registered address, free of cost, within one week of receiving such request.

Further, shareholders are requested to kindly provide their valid email address (along with a copy of valid  CNIC)  to  the  Company's  Share  Registrar,  M/s.  FAMCO  Associates  (Private)  Limited  if  the member hold shares in physical form or, to the member's respective Participant/Investor Account Services, if shares are held in book entry form.

3. The  Share  Transfer  Book  of  the  Company  will  be  closed  from  Thursday,  March  23,  2023  to Wednesday, March 29, 2023 (both days inclusive). Transfers received in order at the office of our Registrar, M/s. FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited, 8-F, Near Hotel Faran, Block 6, P .E.C.H.S. Shahrah-e-Faisal, Karachi, PABX No. (+92-21) 34380101-5 and email info.shares@famco.com.pk by the close of business (05:00 p.m.) on Wednesday, March 22, 2023 will be treated to have been in time for purpose to attend and vote at the meeting.
4. A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM shall be entitled to appoint another person, as his/her proxy to attend, speak and vote instead of him/her, and a proxy so appointed shall have all such rights in respect of attending, speaking and voting at the AGM as are available to a member. Proxies, in order to be effective, must be received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the meeting. A proxy holder may not need to be a member of the Company.

## 5. Requirements for appointing Proxies

- (a) In case of individuals, the account holder or sub-account holder whose registration details are uploaded as per the Central Depository Company of Pakistan Limited Regulations, shall submit the proxy form as per the above requirement.
- (b) The proxy form shall be witnessed by two male persons whose names, addresses and CNIC numbers shall be mentioned on the form.
- (c) Attested copies of the valid CNICs or the passports of the beneficial owner(s) and the proxy shall be furnished with the proxy form.
- (d) The proxy shall produce his/her valid original CNIC or original passport at the time of the Annual General Meeting.
- (e) In case of a corporate entity, the Board of Directors' resolution/power of attorney, with specimen signature of the nominee, shall be submitted to the Company along with the proxy form unless the same has been provided earlier.
6. Pursuant to Companies (Postal Ballot) Regulations 2018 and read with Sections 143 and 144 of the Companies Act, 2017, members will be allowed to exercise their right of vote through postal ballot, that is voting by post or through any electronic mode, in accordance with the requirements and procedure contained in the aforesaid Regulations.

## 7. Submission of valid CNIC (Mandatory)

As per SECP directives, the dividend of shareholders, whose valid CNICs are not available with the Share  Registrar,  may  be  withheld.  All  shareholders  having  physical  shareholding  are  therefore advised to submit a photocopy of their valid CNICs immediately, if already not provided, to the Share Registrar, M/s. FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited without any further delay.

## 8. Unclaimed Dividend

As per the provision of section 244 of the Companies Act, 2017, any shares issued or dividend declared by the Company which have remained unclaimed / unpaid for a period of three years from the  date  on  which  it  was  due  and  payable  are  required  to  be  deposited  with  Securities  and Exchange Commission of Pakistan for the credit of Federal Government after issuance of notices to the shareholders to file their claim. The details of the shares issued, and dividend declared by the Company which have remained due for more than three years was sent to shareholders.

Shareholders  are  requested  to  ensure  that  their  claims  for  unclaimed  dividend  and  shares  are lodged promptly. In case, no claim is lodged with the Company in the given time, the Company shall, after giving notice in the newspaper, proceed to deposit the unclaimed / unpaid amount and shares with the Federal Government pursuant to the provision of Section 244(2) of the Companies Act, 2017.

## 9. Conversion of Physical Shares into CDC Account

The SECP, through its letter No. CSD/ED/Misc/2016-639-640 dated March 26, 2021, has advised all  listed companies to adhere to the provisions of Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2017 (the 'Act'), which requires all companies to replace shares issued in physical form to book-entry form within four years of the promulgation of the Act.

Accordingly, all shareholders of the Company having physical folios/share certificates are requested to convert their shares from physical form into book-entry form at the earliest. Shareholders may contact a PSX Member, CDC Participant, or CDC Investor Account Service Provider for assistance in opening a CDS Account and subsequent conversion of the physical shares into book-entry form. Maintaining shares in book-entry form has many advantages - safe custody of shares with the CDC, avoidance of formalities required for the issuance of duplicate shares etc. The shareholders of  the  Company may contact the Share Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company, namely FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited for the conversion of physical shares into book-entry form.

## statement of material facts

## special business

## agenda number (3)

The Board of Directors has recommended that the Article 78 and 81 of the Company's Articles of Association be amended. These amendments will bring the Company's existing Articles of Association in  line  with  the  changes  made  by  the  promulgation  of  the  new  Companies  Act,  2017  (which  has repealed the Companies Ordinance, 1984). The amendments are summarized below:

## Comparative table

| Existing Article  Proposed Alteration  78. The quorum required for meeting of the Board of  Directors shall be two, provided that upon listing of the  Company, the quorum shall be not less than one third  of directors or four whichever is greater.  81. Except as provided for by Section 196 of the  Ordinance, a resolution in writing signed by all the  Directors for the time being present in Karachi shall be  as valid and effectual as if it has been passed at a  meeting of the Directors duly called and constituted.  78. The quorum for meetings of the Board of Directors  shall be required by Section 176(1) of the Companies  Act, 2017. Save as otherwise expressly provided in the  Act, every question at meetings of the Board shall be  determined by a majority of votes of the directors  present in person or through video- link, each director  having one vote. In case of an equality of votes or tie,  the Chairman shall have a casting vote in addition to his  original vote as a director.  81. A resolution in writing approved by majority of the  directors or the committee of directors for the time  being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of the  directors or committee of directors shall be as valid and  effectual as if it had been passed at the meeting of the  directors or the committee of directors duly convened  and held.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The resolution required for the above purpose is set forth in the notice convening the Annual General Meeting and that resolution will be proposed and passed as a Special Resolution.

## key shareholding &amp;

## shares traded

Details of key shareholding as at December 31 st , 2022.

## 1. Directors, Chief Executive Officer,  and their spouses and minor children

| Shareholder Name  No. Of Shares Held  Mr. Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui  1  Mr. Farooq Barkat Ali  1  Mr. Vaqar Zakaria  1  Mr. Shabbir Hashmi  1  Ms.  Nausheen Ahmad  1  Mr. Kaiser Bengali  1  Ms.  Fauzia Viqar  1  Total  7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Associated Companies, Undertaking and Related Parties

| Shareholder Name  No. Of Shares Held  Engro Energy Limited  223,049,992   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Banks, Development Finance Institutions, Non-Banking Finance Companies, Insurance, Takaful, Modarabas &amp; Pension Funds

| Shareholder Name  No. of Shares Held  Banks, Development Financial Institutions, Non-Banking Finance Companies,  Insurance, Takaful, &amp; Pension Funds  5,273,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Insurance Companies

| Shareholder Name  No. of Shares Held  Insurance Companies  1000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Modarabas and Mutual Funds

| Shareholder Name  Holding  HBL Energy Fund  202,000  AKD Opportunity Fund  155,500  Faysal Mts Fund - Mt  11,500  Golden Arrow Stock Fund  85,500  Total  454,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Shareholder holding 5% or more voting rights in the Company

| Shareholder Name  No. Of Shares  Percentage Of Holding  Engro Energy Limited  223,049,992  68.89   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Categories of shareholder as at December 31, 2022 is as follow:

| S No.  Shareholder Category  No. of  No. of Shares  Percentage  Shareholders  1  Directors, Chief Executive Officer,  7  7  0.00  and their spouse and minor children  2  Associated Companies, Undertakings,  1  223,049,992  68.89  and Related Parties  3  NIT and ICP  -  -  -  4  Banks, Development Financial Institutions,  2  5,273,000  1.63  Non-Banking Financial Institutions  5  Insurance Companies  1  1,000  0.00  6  Modarabas and Mutual Funds  4  454,500  0.14  7  Shareholders holding 5% or more  1  223,049,992  68.89  8  General Public:  a. local  18,899  81,600,953  25.20  b. Foreign  -  -  -  9  Others  78  13,420,548  4.14  Total (excluding: shareholders holding 5%)  18,992  323,800,000  100.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## shareholding pattern of

as at december 31, 2022

| No. of Shareholders  No. of Shareholdings  Total Shares  From  To  495  1  100  20,010  10,295  101  500  5,039,692  3,454  501  1,000  3,418,707  2,948  1,001  5,000  7,902,263  723  5,001  10,000  5,723,317  246  10,001  15,000  3,158,541  173  15,001  20,000  3,207,733  133  20,001  25,000  3,116,032  75  25,001  30,000  2,145,950  60  30,001  35,000  2,002,400  50  35,001  40,000  1,940,633  23  40,001  45,000  995,317  66  45,001  50,000  3,252,000  25  50,001  55,000  1,330,109  20  55,001  60,000  1,164,249  10  60,001  65,000  635,500  6  65,001  70,000  414,500  13  70,001  75,000  948,500  9  75,001  80,000  715,500  11  80,001  85,000  918,747  9  85,001  90,000  788,000  5  90,001  95,000  464,000  33  95,001  100,000  3,295,500  5  100,001  105,000  519,000  6  105,001  110,000  652,000  3  110,001  115,000  342,000  6  115,001  120,000  717,000  5  120,001  125,000  619,500  2  125,001  130,000  255,529  1  130,001  135,000  132,500  1  135,001  140,000  139,000  6  145,001  150,000  894,500  2  150,001  155,000  310,000  3  155,001  160,000  475,500  2  160,001  165,000  326,000  1  165,001  170,000  170,000  5  170,001  175,000  864,500  2  175,001  180,000  356,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 1  180,001  185,000  185,000  1  185,001  190,000  190,000  5  195,001  200,000  995,500  2  200,001  205,000  402,500  2  205,001  210,000  420,000  3  215,001  220,000  657,500  1  225,001  230,000  230,000  1  230,001  235,000  233,500  1  240,001  245,000  242,500  1  245,001  250,000  250,000  1  255,001  260,000  257,500  1  260,001  265,000  263,000  1  265,001  270,000  267,500  1  280,001  285,000  285,000  1  290,001  295,000  294,500  1  295,001  300,000  300,000  3  305,001  310,000  922,500  1  315,001  320,000  318,500  2  360,001  365,000  724,500  3  395,001  400,000  1,196,000  1  405,001  410,000  406,000  1  415,001  420,000  420,000  1  445,001  450,000  450,000  4  495,001  500,000  2,000,000  1  545,001  550,000  547,500  1  550,001  555,000  553,000  1  555,001  560,000  560,000  1  635,001  640,000  635,500  1  715,001  720,000  716,000  1  745,001  750,000  750,000  1  785,001  790,000  786,000  1  795,001  800,000  799,500  1  820,001  825,000  825,000  1  840,001  845,000  842,179  2  995,001  1,000,000  2,000,000  1  1,265,001  1,270,000  1,267,500  1  1,495,001  1,500,000  1,500,000  1  1,615,001  1,620,000  1,620,000  1  2,020,001  2,025,000  2,025,000  1  2,170,001  2,175,000  2,175,000  1  4,965,001  4,970,000  4,966,000  1  6,900,001  6,905,000  6,900,100  1  223,045,001  223,050,000  223,049,992  18,992  323,800,00  No. of Shareholders  No. of Shareholdings  Total Shares  From  To   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## information shareholder

## annual general meeting

The annual shareholders meeting will be held at 02:30 a.m. on March 29, 2023 at Karachi School of Business &amp; Leadership, National Stadium Road Opp. Liaquat National Hospital, Karachi.

Shareholders as of March 22, 2023, are encouraged to participate and vote.

Any shareholder may appoint a proxy to vote on his or her behalf. Proxies should be filed with the company at least 48 hours before the meeting time.

CDC Shareholders or their Proxies are requested to bring with them copies of their Computerized National Identity Card or passport alongwith the Participant's ID number and their account number at the time of attending the Annual General Meeting in order to facilitate their identification.

## e-dividend mandate (mandatory)

Under the Section 242 of the Companies Act, 2017, it is mandatory for all listed companies to pay cash dividend to its shareholders through electronic mode directly into the bank account designated by the entitled shareholders.

To  receive  dividend  directly  into  their  bank  accounts,  shareholders  are  requested  (if  not  already provided) to fill in the shareholder information Form for Electronic Credit of Cash Dividend available on the Company's website and send it duly signed along with a copy of valid CNIC to the Share Registrar, M/s. FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited, in case of physical shares.

## ownership

On December 31, 2022, there were 18,992 shareholders on record of the Company's ordinary shares.

## quarterly results

The Company issues quarterly financial statements. The planned dates for release of the quarterly results in 2023 are:

| - 1st  quarter:     April  11, 2023  - 2nd quarter:     August  04, 2023  3rd  quarter:     October  12, 2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## change of address

All registered shareholders should send information on changes of address to: M/s. FAMCO Associates (Private) Limited.

8-F, Near Hotel Faran Nursery, Block-6 P .E.C.H.S. Shahra-e-Faisal, Karachi-74000 Telephone +92(21) 34380101-5,  Fax +92(21) 34380106

## epql calendar 2022

| BAC Meeting February 07, 2022  Board Meeting February 08, 2022  Board Meeting March 14, 2022  AGM March 22, 2022  BAC Meeting April 14, 2022  Board Meeting April 18, 2022  Board Meeting June 09, 2022  BAC Meeting August 03, 2022  Board Meeting August 04, 2022  BAC Meeting October 12, 2022  Board Meeting October 13, 2022  EOGM October 14, 2022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Board Meeting November 17, 2022

## in 2022 major activities

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

financial statements

9

en

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REVIEW REPORT

## To the members of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited

## Review Report on the Statement of Compliance contained in Listed Companies (Code of Corporate Governance) Regulations, 2019

Corporate Governance) Regulations; 2019 (the Regulations) prepared by the Board of Directors of in accordance with the requirements of regulation 36 ofthe Regulations.

The responsibility for compliance with the Regulations is that of the Board of Directors of the Company. Our responsibility is to review whether the Statement of Compliance reflects the status of the Company's compliance with the provisions of the Regulations and report if it does not and to highlight any non-compliance with the requirements of the Regulations. A review is limited primarily to inquiries of the Companys personnel and review of various documents prepared by the Company to comply with the Regulations .

As a part of our audit of the financial statements we are required to obtain an understanding of the accounting and internal control systems sufficient to plan the audit and develop an effective audit approach We are not required to consider whether the Board of Directors' statement on internal control covers all risks and controls or to form an opinion on the effectiveness ofsuch internal controls, the Company's corporate governance procedures and risks.

The Regulations require the Company to place before the Audit   Committee;   and upon recommendation of the Audit Committee; place before the Board of Directors for their review and approval, its related party transactions. We are only required and have ensured compliance of this requirement to the extent of the approval of the related party transactions by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of the Audit Committee.

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention which causes us to believe that the Statement of Compliance does not appropriately reflect the Company's compliance; in all material respects, with the requirements contained in the Regulations as applicable to the Company for the year ended December 31,2022

<!-- image -->

## A. F. Ferguson &amp; Chartered Accountants Karachi Co.

Date: March 1, 2023

## UDIN: CR2O221008Oy1UOWVRgC

A.F.FERGUSON &amp; CO., Chartered Accountants a member firm of the PwC network State Life Building No. 1-C. LI Chundrigar Road, P.O. Box 4716. Karachi-74000, Pakistan Tel: +92 (21) 32426682-6/32426711-5; Fax: +92 (21) 32415007/32427938/32424740; &lt;www.pwc.com/pk&gt;

KARACHI

wth

LAHORE

ISLAMABAD

151

abling gro

engro powergen qadirpur limited

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS REPORT To the members of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements Opinion

We have audited the annexed financial statements of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited (the Company), which comprise the statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022, and the statement of profit or loss; the statement of comprehensive income; the statement of changes in equity; the statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information; and we state that we have obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge and belief; were necessary for the purposes of the audit.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us; the statement of financial position, statement of Or the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of 'changes in equity and the statement of cash flows together with the notes part thereof conform with the accounting and reporting standards as applicable in Pakistan and give the information required by the Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017), in the manner so required and respectively give a true and fair view of the state of the Company's affairs as at December 31, 2022 and of the and other comprehensive loss, the changes in equity and its cash flows for the year then ended. profit loss, forming profit

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) as applicable in Pakistan. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants as adopted by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan (the Code) and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Audit Matter Key

Key audit matters those matters that; in our professional judgment, were of most 'significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and Ie do not provide separate opinion on these matters . are

<!-- image -->

A. F.FERGUSON &amp; CO., Chartered Accountants a member firm of the PwC network State Life Building No. 1-C, LI. Chundrigar Road, P.O. Box 4716, Karachi-74000, Pakistan Tel: +92 (21) 32426682-6/32426711-5; Fax: +92 (21) 32415007/32427938/32424740; &lt;www-pwc.com/pk&gt;

KARACHI

LAHORE

ISLAMABAD

en

152

abling gro

wth

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| S.No.  Key audit matter  How the matter was addressed in  our  audit  Receivables from Central Power  Our audit procedures included the  Purchasing Agency (Guarantee)  following:  Limited (CPPA)  assessed whether revenue and related  (Refer notes 1.4, 9 and 12 to the financial  receivables have been recognized in  statements)  accordance with the applicable  The Company under the Power Purchase  accounting policies of the Company;  Agreement (PPA) sells available capacity  tested whether invoices raised by the  and electrical output to CPPA As at  Company during the year were in  December 31,2022 the Company has  accordance with the PPA;  following receivables from CPPA:  obtained confirmation of receivable  Trade debts amounting to  balance from CPPA;  Rs. 9,800,242 thousand which  include overdue debts of Rs. 7,469,  checked receipts from CPPA with bank  thousand;  statements;  Delayed payment charges amounting  made inquiries  the management  to Rs. 1,281,009 thousand which  of the Company and reviewed minutes  include overdue receivables of  of the meetings of the Board of  Rs. 516,855 thousand; and  Directors and Board Audit Committee  to ascertain actions taken by them for  Reimbursable costs  amounting to  the recoverability of outstanding  Rs. 186,763 thousand.  amounts;  During the year, pursuant to the execution  reviewed terms of the Agreement and  of Master Agreement (Agreement) between  discussed the same with the  the Company and CPPA, the Company  management;  received first and second installments  aggregating to Rs. 8,147,368 thousand and  checked Implementation Agreement  revised tariff was notified by NEPRA for  and assessed whether receivables are  Return on Equity and Return on Equity  secured  against guarantee from the  During Construction with effect from  Government of Pakistan and whether  July 1, 2022.  any impairment is required to be  recognized there against;  In view of the above developments, on -  assessed the availability of finance with  going delays in settlement of receivables  the Company to fund its business  materiality of the amount involved, and the  consequential impact of  in settlement  operations through committed credit  on liquidity and  tions of the  lines obtained from various financial  opera  institutions; and  Company, we have considered this to be an  area of higher assessed risk and a key audit  assessed adequacy of the related  matter.  disclosures in the financial statements  in accordance with the applicable  accounting and reporting standards.  ,813  from  delay   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor's Report Thereon

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information; we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. doing

## Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors the Financial Statements for

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with the accounting and reporting standards as applicable in Pakistan and the requirements of Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017) and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable; matters related to going concern and the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations; or has no realistic alternative but to do s0. using

Board of directors are responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process\_

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs as applicable in Pakistan will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate; they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs as applicable in Pakistan; we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion; forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, OI the override of internal control .
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures by management. made

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

- Conclude on the appropriateness of managements use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern such
- Evaluate the overall presentation; structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

We communicate with the board of directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the board of directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence; and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the board of directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the audit matters: We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication key

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

Based on our audit;, we further report that in our opinion:

- (a) proper books of account have been kept by the Company as required by the Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017);
- () the statement of financial position, the statement of profit or loss, the statement of comprehensive income; the statement of changes in equity and the statement of cash flows together with the notes thereon have been drawn up in conformity with the Companies Act, 2017 (XIX of 2017) and are in agreement with the books of account and returns;
- (c) investments made, expenditure incurred and guarantees extended during the were for the purpose of the Companys business; and year
- (d) zakat deductible at source under the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance; 1980 (XVIII of 1980), was deducted by the Company and deposited in the Central Zakat Fund established under section 7 of that Ordinance.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Osama Kapadia.

A. F. Ferguson &amp; Chartered Accountants Karachi Co.

<!-- image -->

Date: March 1,2023

UDIN: AR20221008OWzlpBPYvF

## statement of financial position

as at december 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  (Amounts in thousand)  Note                    -----------Rupees-----------  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  11,112,553  11,814,962  Intangible assets  6  206,095  225,726  Long-term loans and advances  7  12,966  13,938  Long-term deposits  2,574  2,574  11,334,188  12,057,200  Current assets  Inventories  8  844,297  544,469  Trade debts  9  9,800,242  11,842,552  Short-term investments  10  449,997  49,179  Loans, advances, deposits and prepayments  11  148,006  91,304  Other receivables  12  1,473,159  2,780,455  Taxes recoverable  31,637  35,042  Balances with banks  13  80,121  44,437  12,827,459  15,387,438  Total Assets  24,161,647  27,444,638  Equity And Liabilities  Equity  Share capital  14  3,238,000  3,238,000  Share premium  80,777  80,777  Maintenance reserve  15  227,182  227,182  Unappropriated profit  9,558,830  12,620,274  Hedging reserve  16  -  11,575  Total equity  13,104,789  16,177,808  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  17  4,822,707  6,432,479  Unclaimed dividend  20,386  20,589  Accrued interest / mark-up  199,306  61,319  Short-term borrowings  18  6,014,459  4,752,443  Total liabilities  11,056,858  11,266,830  Contingencies and Commitments  19  Total Equity And Liabilities  24,161,647  27,444,638   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annexed notes from 1 to 40 form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Director

## statement of profit or loss

for the year ended december 31, 2022

(Amounts in thousand except for earnings per share)

| 2022  2021  Note                    -----------Rupees-----------  Revenue  20  10,026,884  10,203,775  Cost of revenue  21  (8,315,592)  (8,820,758)  Gross profit  1,711,292  1,383,017  Administrative expenses  22  (321,133)  (168,020)  Other expenses  23  (69,310)  (56,414)  Other income  24  22,764  4,090  Profit from operations  1,343,613  1,162,673  Finance income - net  25  135,180  433,529  Workers' profits participation fund  26  -  -  Profit before taxation  1,478,793  1,596,202  Taxation  27  (7,037)  (1,895)  Profit for the year  1,471,756  1,594,307  Earnings per share  - basic and diluted  28  4.55  4.92   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annexed notes from 1 to 40 form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Director

(Amounts in thousand)

"Freehold land"

"Plant &amp;

machinery"

Buildings &amp;

civil works

"Furniture, fixtures and

equipment"

----------------------------------------------Rupees  ----------------------------------------

As at January 1, 2021

Cost

Accumulated depreciation

Vehicles

110,065

-

16,626,298

(6,321,286)

2,582,496

(817,945)

157,857

(136,212)

112,803

(90,738)

Total

19,589,519

(7,366,181)

## statement of comprehensive income

for the year ended december 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  (Amounts in thousand)  Note                    -----------Rupees-----------  Profit for the year  1,471,756  1,594,307  Other comprehensive loss:  Item that may be reclassified subsequently  to statement of profit or loss  Hedging reserve - reclassified to  statement of profit or loss  24  (11,575)  (874)  Total comprehensive income for the year  1,460,181  1,593,433   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annexed notes from 1 to 40 form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Director

<!-- image -->

## statement of cash flows

for the year ended december 31, 2022

(Amounts in thousand except for earnings per share)

| 2022  2021  Note                    -----------Rupees-----------  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash generated from operations  29  4,269,109  358,603  Taxes paid  (3,632)  (2,683)  Interest received  11,117  5,245  Long-term loans and advances - net  5,071  13,631  Net cash generated from operating activities  4,281,665  374,796  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of property, plant and equipment - net  (110,468)  (41,515)  Purchase of intangible assets  (12,767)  (77,616)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  2,113  7,483  Investments made during the year  (6,179,940)  (248,859)  Investments encashed / matured during the year  5,756,696  251,989  Net cash utilised in investing activities  (544,366  (108,518)  Cash flows from financing activities  Finance cost paid  (430,228)  (314,543)  Dividends paid  (4,533,403)  (1,054,337)  Net cash utilised in financing activities  (4,963,631)  (1,368,880)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (1,226,332)  (1,102,602)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  (4,708,006)  (3,605,404)  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  30  (5,934,338)  (4,708,006)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annexed notes from 1 to 40 form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Director

<!-- image -->

## statement of changes in equity

for the year ended december 31, 2022

| Balance as at January 1, 2021  3,238,000  80,777  227,182  12,078,318  12,449  15,636,726  Profit for the year  -  -  -  1,594,307  -  1,594,307  Other comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (874)  (874)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  1,594,307  (874)  1,593,433  Transactions with owners  Final dividend @ Rs. 1.75 per share  For the year ended December 31, 2020  -  -  -  (566,650)  -  (566,650)  Interim dividend @ Rs. 1.50 per share  For the year ended December 31, 2021  -  -  -  (485,701)  -  (485,701)  -  -  -  (1,052,351)  -  (1,052,351)  Balance as at December 31, 2021  3,238,000  80,777  227,182  12,620,274  11,575  16,177,808  Profit for the year  -  -  -  1,471,756  -  1,471,756  Other comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (11,575)  (11,575)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  1,471,756  (11,575)  1,460,181  Transactions with owners  Final dividend @ Rs. 6 per share  -  -  -  (1,942,800)  -  (1,942,800)  For the year ended December 31, 2021  1st interim dividend @ Rs. 5 per share  -  -  -  (1,619,000)  -  (1,619,000)  For the year ended December 31, 2022  2nd interim dividend @ Rs. 3 per share  -  -  -  (971,400)  -  (971,400)  For the year ended December 31, 2022  -  -  -  (4,533,200)  -  (4,533,200)  Balance as at December 31, 2022  3,238,000  80,777  227,182  9,558,830  -  13,104,789  Reserves  Capital  Revenue  (Amounts in thousand)  Share  Share  Maintenance  Unappropriated    Hedging  Total  capital  premium  reserve  profit  reserve  (note 15)  ------------------------------------Rupees------------------------------------  6.  intangible assets  Computer  Right to use  Total  software  infra-structure  facilities  --------------------------Rupees--------------------------  As at January 1, 2021  Cost  73,239  96,627  169,866   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The annexed notes from 1 to 40 form an integral part of these financial statements. Accumulated amortisation (64,878) (44,529) Net book value 8,361 52,098

<!-- image -->

182,316

(22,417)

22,417

-

(109,407)

60,459

Chief Executive Officer 8,361

Director

Year ended December 31, 2021

52,098

Chief Financial Officer Opening net book value

<!-- image -->

"Transfer from capital work-in-progress (note 5.2)"

Cost

Accumulated amortisation

60,459

<!-- image -->

-

182,316

-

-

-

22,417

-

## notes to the financial statements

for the year ended december 31, 2022

(Amounts in thousand)

## 1. legal status and operations

- 1.1 Engro  Powergen Qadirpur Limited (the Company), is a public listed company, incorporated in Pakistan, and its shares are quoted on the Pakistan Stock Exchange Limited. The Company is a subsidiary  of  Engro  Energy  Limited,  which  is  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  Engro  Corporation Limited. Engro Corporation Limited is a subsidiary of Dawood Hercules Corporation Limited (the Ultimate Parent Company).
- 1.2 The Company was established with the primary objective to undertake the business of power generation  and  sale.  The  Company  owns  a  217.3  MW  combined  cycle  power  plant  and commenced commercial operations on March 27, 2010. The electricity generated is transmitted to  the  National  Transmission  and  Despatch  Company  (NTDC)  under  the  Power  Purchase Agreement (PPA) dated October 26, 2007. This PPA is for a period of 25 years. The Company signed a novation agreement on February 11, 2021 with NTDC and Central Power Purchasing Agency (Guarantee) Limited (CPPA), whereby NTDC has novated its rights and obligations under the PPA to CPPA.

## 1.3 The business units of the Company are as follows:

## Business Unit

## Geographical Location

Head office (registered office)

16th Floor, Harbour Front Building, Plot Number HC-3, Marine Drive, Block 4, Scheme No. 5, Clifton, Karachi. Deh Belo Sanghari, Ghotki, Sindh.

Power plant

- 1.4 On  August  12,  2020,  the  Company,  along  with  other  Independent  Private  Power  Producers ('IPPs')  representing  the  2002  Power  Policy  projects  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Parties'), signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Committee for negotiations with IPPs. The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company  in  their  meeting  dated  August  17,  2020  in-principle approved the terms of the MoU.  In line with the understanding reached in the MOU, the Company and CPPA (the 'Parties') entered into a Master Agreement on February 11, 2021, based on the terms of the MOU, which also included: that all undisputed outstanding amounts due and payable to the Company under the PPA, as on November 30, 2020, would be paid in two (2) instalments (each  instalment  comprising  of  one-third  cash  and  two-thirds  government  issued  Pakistan Investment Bonds (PIBs) and Sukuks). Further, in the larger national interest, the Company agreed to  (prospectively)  accept  a  reduction  in  the  tariff  component,  whereby  the  Return  on  Equity ('RoE')  and  the  Return  on  Equity  During  Construction  ('RoEDC')  was  to  be  fixed  at  17%  per annum  in  PKR  on  National  Electric  Power  Regulatory  Authority  (NEPRA)  approved  equity  at Commercial Operation Date for RoE and RoEDC, calculated at USD / PKR exchange rate of PKR 148/ USD, with no future USD indexation. However, the then existing RoE and RoEDC, together with the applicable indexations, were to apply until the date the applicable exchange rate under the  then  Tariff  reached  PKR  168  /  USD  and  instalments  were  received  by  the  Company,

whereupon the Revised RoE and RoEDC were to become applicable and would apply for the remainder of the term of the PPA. In addition to this, fuel and operations and maintenance have been considered as single consolidated item and any savings, if determined, from July 1, 2021 will be shared in the ratio of 60:40 between CPPA and Company. During the year, the Company received both installments on January 6, 2022 and June 30, 2022 aggregating to Rs. 8,147,368 thousand. Accordingly, the revised tariff has been notified by NEPRA with effect from  July 1, 2022.

- 1.5 In 2021, the Company finalised the terms of Termination and Settlement Agreement (TSA) with Engro  Energy  Services  Limited  (EESL).  Under  the  TSA,  the  Company  and  EESL  agreed  to terminate the Operations and Maintenance Agreement with effect from December 31, 2021. The Company has transitioned to self O&amp;M from January 1, 2022

## 2. basis of preparation

## 2.1 Statement of compliance

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  accounting  and reporting  standards  as  applicable  in  Pakistan.  The  accounting  and  reporting  standards applicable in Pakistan comprise of:

- -International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  (IFRSs)  issued  by  the  International  Accounting Standards Board (IASB) as notified under the Companies Act, 2017 (the Act) ; and
-  Provisions of and directives issued under the Act.

Where provisions of and directives issued under the the Act differ from the IFRSs, the provisions of and directives issued under the the Act have been followed.

## 2.2 Accounting convention

These financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except that certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value.

## 2.3 Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Pakistan Rupee, which is the Company's functional currency.

## 2.4 Critical accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with the approved accounting and reporting standards require the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Company's accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in note 4.

## 3. summary of significant accounting policies

The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out  below.  These  policies  have  been  consistently  applied  to  all  the  years  presented,  unless otherwise stated.

## 3.1 Initial application of standards, amendments or interpretations to existing standards

## 3.1.1 Amendments to accounting and reporting standards that became effective during the year

There are certain amendments to accounting and reporting standards that are applicable for the financial  year  beginning  on  January  1,  2022  but  do  not  have  any  significant  impact  on  the Company's  financial  reporting  and,  therefore,  have  not  been  disclosed  in  these  financial statements.

## 3.1.2 Standards,  amendments  and  interpretations  to  accounting  and  reporting  standards that are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Company

There is a standard and certain amendments to accounting and reporting standards that are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Company for the financial year beginning on January 1, 2022. The standard and amendments are not expected to have any material impact on the Company's financial reporting and, therefore, have not been disclosed in these financial statements.

## 3.2 Property, plant and equipment

Except for freehold land, capital work-in-progress and capital spares, all assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Freehold land, capital spares and capital  work-in-progress  are  stated  at  cost  less  impairment,  if  any.  Historical  cost  includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items including borrowing costs. Self  constructed  assets  include  the  cost  of  materials,  direct  labour,  any  other  costs  directly attributable  to  bringing  the  asset  to  a  working  condition  for  its  intended  use  and  exchange losses as explained in note 5.1.4. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.

Major components of an item of property, plant and equipment having different useful lives  are accounted for as separate items of property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

Disposal of assets is recognised when significant risk and rewards incidental to ownership have been  transferred  to  buyers.  Gains  and  losses  on  disposals  or  retirement  of  an  asset  are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

Depreciation is charged to the statement of profit or loss using the straight line method whereby the cost of an operating asset less its estimated residual value is written-off over its estimated useful  life  at  rates  given  in  note  5.1.  Depreciation  on  additions  is  charged  from  the  month following the month in which the asset is available for use and on disposals upto the preceding month the asset was in use.

Assets  residual  values  and  useful  lives  are  reviewed,  and  adjusted,  if  appropriate,  at  each reporting date.

## 3.3 Intangible assets

## a) Computer software

Costs  associated  with  maintaining  computer  software  programmes  are  recognised  as  an expense  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  when  incurred.  Costs  directly  attributable  to identifiable software having probable economic benefits exceeding one year, are recognised as intangible assets. Direct costs include purchase costs (license fee) and related overheads.

Expenditure which enhances or extends the performance of the software programme beyond its original specification and useful life is capitalised.

Software costs and license fees capitalised as intangible assets are amortised to the statement of profit or loss from the date of use on a straight-line basis over a period of 4-8 years.

b) Right to use infrastructure facilities

Costs representing the right to use various infrastructure facilities are stated at historical cost. These costs are amortised to the statement of profit or loss over a period of 25 years.

## 3.4 Impairment of non-financial assets

Non-financial assets carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. Assets that are subject  to  depreciation  or  amortisation  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.  An impairment loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less cost to sell and value in use. Non-financial assets that suffered an impairment  are  reviewed  for  possible  reversal  of  the  impairment  at  each  reporting  date.  An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, if no impairment loss had been recognized.

## 3.5 Financial assets

## 3.5.1 Classification, initial recognition and measurement

The Company classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

- a)  those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through profit or loss); and
- b) those to be measured at amortised cost.

The  classification  depends  on  the  Company's  business  model  for  managing  the  financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows. Management determines the classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- a) the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and

- b) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

A financial asset is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) if both of the following conditions are met:

- a) the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
- b) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

A financial asset is measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) unless it is measured at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income.

All  financial  assets  are  recognised  at  the  time  when  the  Company  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual  provisions  of  the  instrument.  Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses, if any. Interest income and impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Financial assets carried at FVOCI are initially and subsequently measured at fair value, with gains and losses arising from changes in fair  value  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income.  Financial  assets  carried  at  FVPL  are initially recorded at fair value and transaction costs are expensed in profit or loss. Realised and unrealised gains and losses arising from changes in the fair value of the financial assets held at FVPL are included in the profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

## 3.5.2 Equity instruments

The Company, subsequently, measures all equity investments at fair value. If the management has elected to present fair  value  gains  and  losses  on  equity  investments  in  OCI,  there  is  no subsequent  reclassification  of  fair  value  gains  and  losses  to  profit  or  loss  following  the derecognition of the investments. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Company's right to receive payments is established.

Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains / (losses) in the statement of profit or loss as applicable.

## 3.5.3 Derecognition

Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired or have been transferred and the Company has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership. On derecognition of a financial asset, in its entirety, the difference between the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  and  receivable  is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

## 3.5.4 Financial Liability

The Company recognises a financial liability in its statement of financial position when, and only when, it becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. At initial recognition, the

Company measures a financial liability at its fair value minus, in the case of a financial liability not at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the acquisition  or  issue  of  the  financial  liability.  Subsequently,  financial  liabilities  are  stated  at amortised cost.

A  financial  liability  is  derecognised  when  the  obligation  under  the  liability  is  discharged  or cancelled or expired. Where an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender  on  substantially  different  terms,  or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and  the  recognition  of  a  new  liability,  and  the  difference  in  respective  carrying  amounts  is recognised in the statement profit or loss.

## 3.5.5 Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities

Financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  reported  in  the  statement  of financial position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle either on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be  enforceable  in  the  normal  course  of  business  and  in  the  event  of  default,  insolvency  or bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty.

## 3.5.6 Impairment

The Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP) through its SRO No. 985(I) / 2019 dated  September  02,  2019  and  clarification  dated  January  23,  2020  had  exempted  the applicability of expected credit losses (ECL) till June 30, 2022 on financial assets directly due from Government of Pakistan (GoP) or that are ultimately due from GoP , in consequence of circular debt,  provided  that  the  Company  shall  follow  relevant  requirements  of  IAS  39  'Financial Instruments:  Recognition  and  Measurement'.  On  September  15,  2022,  the  SECP ,  on  the Company's request, extended the exemption of application of ECL model under IFRS 9 till June 30, 2023. Subsequent to the year end, the SECP through its SRO No. 67(I) / 2023 dated January 20, 2023 has further extended the application of ECL model till December 31, 2024.

"Accordingly, amounts due from the Government of Pakistan (GOP) are assessed in accordance with the provisions of IAS 39 at each reporting date to determine whether there is any objective evidence that one or more events have had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of these receivables.

For  financial  assets  other  than  amounts  due  from  GOP ,  the  Company  recognises  lifetime Expected Credit losses (ECL) when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial assets has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Company measures the loss allowance for that financial asset at an amount equal to 12-month ECL under IFRS 9."

## 3.6 Inventories

These are valued at weighted average cost except for items in transit which are stated at invoice value plus other charges paid thereon till the reporting date. For stores and spares which are slow moving and / or identified as surplus to the Company's requirements, adequate provision is made for any excess book value over estimated residual value.

## 3.7 Trade debts and other receivables

Trade debts and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional  unless  they  contain  significant  financing  components,  in  which  case  they  are recognised  at  fair  value.  The  Company  holds  trade  debts  and  other  receivables  with  the objective  to  collect  contractual  cash  flows  and,  therefore,  measures  them  subsequently  at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Provision for impairment is recognised as per note 3.5.6.

## 3.8 Contract assets

A contract asset is recognised for the Company's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that it has transferred to a customer. If the Company performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, the Company presents the amount as a contract asset, excluding any amounts presented as a receivable.

## 3.9 Contract liability

A contract liability is recognised for the Company's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays consideration, or the Company has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e. a receivable), before the Company transfers a good  or  service  to  the  customer,  the  Company  presents  the  contract  as  a  contract  liability when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier).

## 3.10  Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalent in the statement of cash flows comprise cash in hand and in transit, balances with banks on current, deposit and savings accounts, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and short-term borrowings other than term finance.

## 3.11  Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity and recognised at their face value. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

## 3.12  Borrowings

Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are  subsequently  carried  at  amortised  cost,  any  difference  between  the  proceeds  (net  of transaction costs) and the redemption value is amortised over the period of the borrowings.

Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Company has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date.

## 3.13  Trade and other payables

These  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  and  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost.

Exchange gains and losses arising in respect of liabilities in foreign currency are added to the carrying amount of the respective liabilities.

Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business, if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

## 3.14  Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of obligation. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses. Provisions are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted to reflect current best estimate.

## 3.15  Leases

The Company recognises leases as a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is available for use by the Company, except for the assets under the PPA which are exempted from the applicability of IFRS 16 - 'Leases' (IFRS 16). SECP  through its  S.R.O.  986  (I)  /    2019  dated  September  2,  2019  exempted  all  companies  that  have executed their PPA before January 1, 2019 from the requirements of IFRS 16.

## 3.16  Taxation

The Company's profits and gains from power generation are exempt from tax under clause 132 of  Part  I  of  the  Second  Schedule to the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001. The Company is also exempt from minimum tax on turnover under clause 11 A of part IV of the Second Schedule to the  Income  Tax  Ordinance,  2001.  However,  the  Company's  income  from  other  sources  is subject to taxation.

## 3.17  Retirement and other service benefits obligations

## 3.17.1 Defined contribution plans

A  defined  contribution  plan  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  under  which  an  entity  pays fixed  contribution  into  a  separate  entity  and  has  no  legal  or  constructive  obligation  to  pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised as an  employee  benefit  expense  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  when  they  are  due.  Prepaid contributions  are  recognised  as  an  asset  to  the  extent  that  a  cash  refund  or  a  reduction  in future payments is available.

The intermediary holding company -Engro Corporation Limited, operates a defined contribution  provident  fund  and  a  defined  contribution  gratuity  fund  in  which  the  permanent employees  of  the  Company  are  members.  Monthly  contributions  are  made  both  by  the Company and employees to the fund at the rate of 10% of basic salary in case of provident fund and, only by the Company, at the rate of 8.33% of basic salary in case of gratuity fund.

## 3.18  Foreign currency transactions and translation

Foreign  currency  transactions  are  translated  into  the  functional  currency  using  the  exchange

rates  prevailing  at  the  date  of  the  transactions.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  resulting from  the  settlement  of  such  transactions  and  from  the  translation  of  monetary  assets  and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at period-end exchange rates are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except as referred to in note 5.1.4.

## 3.19  Revenue recognition

The Company recognises revenue when the following performance obligations are satisfied:

-  Capacity revenue is recognised based on the capacity made available to CPPA; and
-  Energy revenue is recognised based on the Net Electrical Output (NEO) delivered to CPPA.

Capacity  and  Energy  revenue  is  recognised  overtime  based  on  the  rates  determined  under the mechanism laid down in the PPA. The payment is due 30 days after invoicing.

## 3.20  Interest on bank deposits and delayed payment income

Interest income on bank deposits and delayed payment income on overdue trade receivables is recognised on accrual basis.

## 3.21  Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred except where such costs are directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  a qualifying  asset  in  which  case  such  costs  are  capitalised  as  part  of  the  cost  of  that  asset. Borrowing costs include exchange differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent these are regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs.

## 3.22  Earnings per share

The Company presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company  by  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  outstanding  during  the  year. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, if any.

## 3.23  Dividend and appropriation to reserves

Dividend and appropriation to reserves are recognised in the financial statements in the period in which these are approved.

## 4. critical accounting estimates and judgements

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the  circumstances.  The  Company  makes  estimates  and  assumptions  concerning  the  future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. Following are the significant areas where management used estimates and judgements, which are significant to the financial statements:

## 4.1 Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

The Company reviews the appropriateness of the rates of depreciation / amortisation, useful lives  and  residual  values  used  in  the  calculation  of  depreciation  /  amortisation  on  an  annual basis. Further, if any indication exists, the Company makes an estimate of recoverable amount of assets for possible impairment.

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees ------------  ## 5. property, plant and equipment  Operating assets, at net book value (note 5.1)  10,897,030  11,506,079  Capital work-in-progress (note 5.2)  15,215  9,754  Capital spares (note 5.3)  200,308  299,129  11,112,553  11,814,962   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.1 Operating assets

| Freehold  Plant and  Buildings and  Furniture,  Vehicles  Total  land  machinery  civil works  fixtures and  equipment  ----------------------------------------------Rupees  ----------------------------------------  As at January 1, 2021  Cost  110,065  16,626,298  2,582,496  157,857  112,803  19,589,519  Accumulated depreciation  -  (6,321,286)  (817,945)  (136,212)  (90,738)  (7,366,181)  Net book value  110,065  10,305,012  1,764,551  21,645  22,065  12,223,338  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  110,065  10,305,012  1,764,551  21,645  22,065  12,223,338  Additions to operating assets:  - Transfers from capital  work-in-progress (note 5.2)  -  85,883  -  1,097  3,342  90,322  Asset written off (note 23)  Cost  -  (18,866)  -  (28,708)  -  (47,574)  Accumulated depreciation  -  6,982  -  26,759  -  33,741  -  (11,884)  -  (1,949)  -  (13,833)  Disposals  Cost  -  -  -  -  (8,087)  (8,087)  Accumulated depreciation  -  -  -  -  692  692  -  -  -  -  (7,395)  (7,395)  Depreciation charge (note 5.1.2)  -  (698,297)  (79,045)  (7,684)  (1,327)  (786,353)  Closing net book value  110,065  9,680,714  1,685,506  13,109  16,685  11,506,079   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2021

Cost

Accumulated depreciation

Year ended December 31, 2022

Opening net book value

110,065

-

110,065

110,065

16,693,315

(7,012,601)

9,680,714

9,680,714

2,582,496

(896,990)

1,685,506

1,685,506

130,246

(117,137)

13,109

13,109

108,058

(91,373)

16,685

16,685

19,624,180

(8,118,101)

11,506,079

Disposals

Cost

Accumulated depreciation

Depreciation charge (note 5.1.2)

-

-

-

-

110,065

-

-

-

(698,297)

9,680,714

-

-

-

(79,045)

1,685,506

-

-

-

(7,684)

13,109

(8,087)

692

(7,395)

(1,327)

16,685

(8,087)

692

(7,395)

(786,353)

11,506,079

| As at December 31, 2021  Cost  110,065  16,693,315  2,582,496  130,246  108,058  19,624,180  Accumulated depreciation  -  (7,012,601)  (896,990)  (117,137)  (91,373)  (8,118,101)  Net book value  110,065  9,680,714  1,685,506  13,109  16,685  11,506,079  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  110,065  9,680,714  1,685,506  13,109  16,685  11,506,079  Additions to operating assets:  - Transfers from capital  work-in-progress (note 5.2)  -  204,956  -  3,387  -  208,343  Disposal (note 5.1.1)  Cost  -  -  -  (157)  (2,721)  (2,878)  Accumulated depreciation  -  -  -  157  540  697  -  -  -  -  (2,181)  (2,181)  Depreciation charge (note 5.1.2)  -  (734,010)  (73,668)  (6,496)  (1,037)  (815,211)  Closing net book value  110,065  9,151,660  1,611,838  10,000  13,467  10,897,030  As at December 31, 2022  Cost  110,065  16,898,271  2,582,496  133,476  105,337  19,829,645  Accumulated depreciation  -  (7,746,611)  (970,658)  (123,476)  (91,870)  (8,932,615)  Net book value  110,065  9,151,660  1,611,838  10,000  13,467  10,897,030  Annual rate of depreciation  4% - 33%  2.5% - 8%  16% - 33%  20% - 25%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.1.1 The details of assets disposed off during the year are as follows:

| Description  Sold to  Mode of  Cost  Accumalated  Net Book  Sales  (Loss)  disposal  Depreciation  Value  Proceeds  / Gain  --------------------------Rupees--------------------------  ## 5.1.2 The depreciation charge for the year has been allocated as follows:  Vehicle  Anum Irfan  Company Policy  2,721  540  2,181  2,108  (73)  Equipment  Fizza Danish  Company Policy  157  157  -  5  5  Total  2,878  697  2,181  2,113  (68)  2022  2021  ------------ Rupees ------------  Cost of revenue (note 21)  813,344  784,551  Administrative expenses (note 22)  1,867  1,802  815,211  786,353   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.1.3 The details of immovable fixed assets (i.e. land and buildings) are as follows:

| Description of location  Address  Total area of  land (Acres)  Power plant and associated buildings  Deh Belo Sanghari, Ghotki, Sindh  41.5  Colony land  Colony Road, Daharki, Ghotki, Sindh  16.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 5.1.4 The  SECP,  through  its  S.R.O.  986(1)/2019  dated  September  2,  2019  partially  modified  its previously  issued  S.R.O.  24/(1)/2012  dated  January  16,  2012  and  granted  exemption  to  all companies that have executed their power purchase agreements before January 1, 2019, from the application of IAS 21 'The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates' to the extent of capitalisation of exchange differences. Accordingly, the Company capitalised exchange losses aggregating Rs. 4,405,584 in prior years arising on foreign currency borrowings to the cost of the related property, plant and equipment. The amount of exchange losses net of depreciation as at December 31, 2022 amounts to Rs. 2,698,961 (2021: Rs. 2,919,284).

## 5.2 Capital work-in-progress

| Plant and  Furniture,  Vehicles  Capital  Intangible  Total  machinery  fixtures and  Spares  assets  equipment  ------------------------------------Rupees----------------------------------  Year ended December 31, 2021  Balance as at January 1, 2021  56,032  2,529  -  -  104,700  163,261  Additions during the year  39,605  (1,432)  3,342  -  77,616  119,131  Transferred to intangible  assets (note 6)  -  -  -  -  (182,316)  (182,316)  Transferred to operating  assets (note 5.1)  (85,883)  (1,097)  (3,342)  -  -  (90,322)  Balance as at  December 31, 2021  9,754  -  -  -  -  9,754  Year ended December 31, 2022  Balance as at January 1, 2022  9,754  -  -  -  -  9,754  Additions / transfers  during the year  200,076  3,992  5,033  188  12,767  222,056  Transferred to intangible  assets (note 6)  -  -  -  -  (8,252)  (8,252)  Transferred to operating  assets (note 5.1)  (204,956)  (3,387)  -  -  -  (208,343)  Balance as at  December 31, 2022  4,874  605  5,033  188  4,515  15,215   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ----------------- Rupees -----------------  5.3  Capital spares  Balance at beginning of the year  299,129  299,129  Add / (less):  - Additions  31,228  -  - Transfers to capital work-in-progress  (130,049)  -  Balance at end of the year  200,308  299,129   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. intangible assets

| Computer  Right to use  Total  software  infra-structure  facilities  --------------------------Rupees--------------------------  As at January 1, 2021  Cost  73,239  96,627  169,866  Accumulated amortisation  (64,878)  (44,529)  (109,407)  Net book value  8,361  52,098  60,459  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  8,361  52,098  60,459  "Transfer from capital  work-in-progress (note 5.2)"  182,316  -  182,316  Assets written - off  Cost  (22,417)  -  (22,417)  Accumulated amortisation  22,417  -  22,417  -  -  -  Amortisation for the year (note 6.1)  (13,328)  (3,721)  (17,049)  Closing net book value  177,349  48,377  225,726  As at January 1, 2022  Cost  233,138  96,627  329,765  Accumulated amortisation  (55,789)  (48,250)  (104,039)  Net book value  177,349  48,377  225,726  Period ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  177,349  48,377  225,726  "Transfer from capital  work-in-progress (note 5.2)"  8,252  -  8,252  Amortisation for the year (note 6.1)  (24,161)  (3,722)  (27,883)  Closing net book value  161,440  44,655  206,095   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022

Net book value

Amortisation rate (% per annum)

241,390

(79,950)

161,440

13%- 25%

96,627

(51,972)

44,655

4%

(131,922)

206,095

Opening net book value

"Transfer from capital work-in-progress (note 5.2)"

Amortisation for the year (note 6.1)

(Amounts in thousand) Closing net book value

177,349

8,252

(24,161)

161,440

48,377

-

(3,722)

44,655

225,726

8,252

(27,883)

206,095

| As at December 31, 2022  Cost  241,390  96,627  338,017  Accumulated amortisation  (79,950)  (51,972)  (131,922)  Net book value  161,440  44,655  206,095  Amortisation rate (% per annum)  13%- 25%  4%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  -------------- Rupees ---------------  - 6.1 Amortisation charge for the year has been allocated as follows:  Cost of revenue (note 21)  13,386  9,434  Administrative expenses (note 22)  14,497  7,615  27,883  17,049   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 6.2 Represents  right to use  Engro  Fertilizers Limited's (an  associated  undertaking)  various infrastructure  facilities.  This  entitles  the  employees  of  the  Company  to  full  use  of  the  Engro Fertilizers Limited's facilities. The amount paid by the Company is being amortised over 25 years.
- 7.2 Loans and advances include interest-free investment loan plan to executives amounting to Nil (2021: Rs. 3,619) repayable in equal monthly instalments over a three year period or in one lump sum at the end of such period. It also includes loans and advances amounting to Rs. 22,488 (2021: Rs. 23,940)

| 2022  2021  -------------- Rupees ---------------  ## 7. long-term loans and advances  Executives (notes 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3)  22,488  27,559  Less: Current portion shown under  current assets (note 11)  (9,522)  (13,621)  Balance as at end of the year  12,966  13,938  ## 7.1 Reconciliation of the carrying amount of loans and advances  Balance at beginning of the year  27,559  41,190  Add: Disbursements  13,028  11,037  Less: Repayments / amortisation  (18,099)  (24,668)  Balance at end of the year  22,488  27,559   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amounts in thousand)

for car earn out assistance, house rent, long-term incentive, retention loan and relocation assis tance loans, as per the Company's policy.

- 7.3 The maximum amount outstanding at the end of any month in respect of loans and advances to key management personnel amounted to Rs. 702 (2021: Rs. 804).
- 8.1 This comprises of High Speed Diesel (HSD) inventory required to be maintained for operating the power plant in case supply of gas is unavailable to the Company. As per clause (b) of section 5.14 of the PPA, the Company is required to maintain HSD inventory at a level sufficient for operating the power plant at full load for seven days. However, due to non-payment of dues in full by CPPA, the Company is maintaining a lower level of HSD inventory.

| 2022  2021  --------------- Rupees ---------------  ## 8. inventories  High Speed Diesel (note 8.1)  339,693  74,465  Consumable stores  52,123  33,827  Spares  452,481  436,177  844,297  544,469   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. trade debts - secured

| 2022  2021  --------------- Rupees ---------------  Receivable from CPPA - Considered good  9,800,242  11,842,552   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 9.1 Trade debts, including delayed payment charges (note 12), are secured by a guarantee from the GOP under the Implementation Agreement and as such are considered good.
- 9.2 Trade debts include:
- Rs. 1,850,137 (2021: Rs. 1,497,927) which is neither past due nor impaired;
- Rs. 480,292 (2021: Rs. 602,154) which is unbilled; and

-  Rs.  7,469,813  (2021:  Rs.  9,742,471)  which  is  overdue  but  not  impaired.  Consequent  to payment under Master Agreement and PPA Amendment Agreement dated February 11, 2021, 'Delayed Payment Rate' has been reduced for the first 60 days from KIBOR + 4.5% per annum to  KIBOR+2% per annum except for energy purchase price invoices.The ageing of overdue receivables is as follows:

| 2022  2021  -------------- Rupees ---------------  Upto 3 months  2,972,229  2,629,654  3 to 6 months  3,803,442  2,240,679  More than 6 months  694,142  4,872,138  7,469,813  9,742,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Amounts in thousand)

| ## 10. short-term investments - amortised cost  2022  2021  ------------- Rupees ---------------  Treasury Bills (note 10.1)  49,997  49,179  Pakistan Investment Bonds (note 10.2)  400,000  -  449,997  49,179   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 10.1 Investments have been made in conventional Treasury Bills in respect of maintenance reserve (note 15). These are due to mature on March 09, 2023 and carry mark-up at the rate of 16.80% (2021: 8.46%) per annum.
- 10.2 Pakistan Investment Bonds carry mark up at rate of 17.51% per annum and will mature on August 26, 2023. Subsequent, to year end, these have been disposed off on January 5, 2023. This placement was made to secure Running Finance facility amounting to Rs. 390,000 from Pak Brunei Investment Company Limited which was disbursed on December 30, 2022.

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  ## 11. loans, advances, deposits and prepayments  Current portion of long-term loans and advances to executives  - considered good (note 7)  9,522  13,621  Advances and deposits  28,288  2,050  Prepayments  110,196  75,633  148,006  91,304  2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  ## 12 other receivables - considered good  Delayed payment charges (notes 12.1 and 12.2)  1,281,009  2,175,702  Receivable from associated undertakings  / related parties (note 12.3):  - Engro Powergen Thar (Private) Limited  2,958  -  - Engro Polymer &amp; Chemicals Limited  -  1,555  - Engro Energy Services Limited  -  102,573  - Engro Corporation Limited  -  11,980  - Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company Limited  855  -  3,813  116,108  Reimbursable cost from CPPA in respect of:  - Workers' profits participation fund (note 12.4)  154,136  355,098  - expenses  32,627  21,827  186,763  376,925   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Sales tax refundable  -  111,697  Workers' profits participation fund (note 12.5)  1,060  -  Others  514  23  1,473,159  2,780,455   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amounts in thousand)

## 13. balances with banks

- 12.1 This  represents  mark-up  on  overdue  trade  debts,  as  referred  to  in  note  9.2,  of  which Rs. 516,855  (2021: Rs. 1,296,440) is overdue but not impared. This also includes Rs. 472,472 (2021: Rs. 879,262) which is unbilled.
- 12.2 The ageing of delayed payment charges invoiced are as follows:
- 12.3 These receivables are unsecured and interest free. The maximum amount outstanding at the end of any month from related parties aggregated to Rs. 158,865 (2021: Rs. 250,435). None of the receivables are past due or impaired.
- 12.4 This includes outstanding invoiced amount of Nil (2021: Rs. 170,219), which is overdue for more than 6 months.
- 13.1 Foreign currency deposits carry return at the rate of 2.75% (2021: 0.10%) per annum.
- 13.2 Local currency deposits carry return at the rate of 14.5% (2021: 5.75%) per annum.

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  Not due  291,682  -  Upto 3 months  -  914,554  3 to 6 months  516,855  -  More than 6 months  -  381,886  808,537  1,296,440   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  12.5  Workers' profits participation fund  Payable at the beginning of the  year  -  (4,687)  Allocation for the year (note 26)  (73,940)  (79,810)  (73,940)  (84,497)  Payments made during the year  75,000  84,497  Receivable at the end of the year  1,060  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Current accounts:  - Local currency  58,307  23,337  Deposit accounts:  - Foreign currency (note 13.1)  2,273  2,488  - Local currency (note 13.2)  19,541  18,612  80,121  44,437   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. share capital

## 14.1 Authorised capital

14.2

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  ------- (Number of shares) -------  ------- Rupees -------  330,000,000  330,000,000  3,300,000  3,300,000  Issued, subscribed and paid-up capital  2022  2021  2022  2021  ------- (Number of shares) -------  ------- Rupees -------  323,800,000  323,800,000  3,238,000  3,238,000  Ordinary  shares of  Rs. 10 each  Ordinary  shares of  Rs. 10 each, fully  paid in cash   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 14.2.1 As at December 31, 2022, Engro Energy Limited, the Holding Company, held 223,050,000 (2021: 223,050,000) ordinary shares of the Company.

14.2.2 These ordinary shares carry one vote per share and right to dividend.

## 15. maintenance reserve

In  accordance with the  PPA, the Company is required to establish and maintain a separate reserve fund (the Fund) with a depository institution for payment of major maintenance expenses. Any interest income resulting from the depository arrangements of the Fund is to remain in the Fund to the extent of any shortfall from the contractual limit.

2022

2021

------------ Rupees ------------

## (Amounts in thousand)

Under the PPA, 1/24th of the annual operating and maintenance budget of the Power Plant less fuel expenses is required to be deposited into the Fund on each capacity payment date until such reserve equals to nine such deposits. After the second agreement year and thereafter the Fund may be re-established at such other level that the Company and CPPA mutually agree.

In 2012, the Company, due to uncertain cash flows resulting from delayed payments by CPPA has, as per flexibility available under the PPA, reduced the amount deposited in a schedule bank, which has been invested in Treasury Bills having a face value of Rs. 50,000  (2021: Rs. 50,000) as at December 31, 2022 (note 10). Till such time the amount is deposited again to the required level,  the  Company  has  unutilised  short  term  financing  available  to  meet  any  unexpected maintenance requirement that may arise in the foreseeable future.

## 16. hedging reserve

The Company entered into exchange rate forward agreements in prior years with its bank to manage exchange rate exposure on repayments of its long-term borrowing  and made gain on these covers. Under the aforementioned agreements the Company paid respective rates agreed at the initiation of the respective agreements on the settlement date. During the year, the hedging reserves have been reclassified to statement of profit and loss.

2022

2021

------------ Rupees -------------

## 17. trade and other payables

| Creditors  1,496,997  1,744,316  Accrued liabilities (note 17.1)  1,104,226  897,684  GIDC payable (note 17.2)  1,788,438  2,775,636  Security deposits (note 17.3)  33  139  Payable to related parties:  - Defined contribution funds  maintained by Engro Corporation Limited  2,062  10,878  - Engro Corporation Limited  13,850  -  - Engro Energy Services Limited  16,972  -  - Engro Polymer and Chemicals Limited  69  -  - Engro Energy Limited  11,109  73,728  - Engro Powergen Thar (Private) Limited  -  274  - Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company Limited  -  287  - Engro Fertilizers Limited  1,400  1,816  Provisions (note 17.4)  381,620  381,620  Sales tax payable  1,775  -  Contract liability (note 17.5)  -  386,101  Withholding tax payable  4,156  -  Deferred income (note 17.6)  -  160,000  4,822,707  6,432,479   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amounts in thousand)

17.1 Includes accrual in respect of gas charges amounting to Rs. 605,671 (2021: Rs. 602,625).

- 17.2 The Honorable Supreme Court of Pakistan ('SCP') through its judgement dated August 13, 2020 ('Judgement') declared that the levy imposed under the Gas Infrastructure Development Cess  ('GIDC')  Act,  2015  ('the  Act')  is  valid  and  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the Constitution of Pakistan 1973 ("the Constitution"). The SCP in its Judgement issued the following directions:

- It restrained the Federal Government from charging further GIDC until such time that the GIDC already collected and accrued (but not yet collected), is expended on the projects listed under the Act;

- All industrial and commercial entities which consume gas for their business activities pass on the burden to their customers, therefore, GIDC that has become due upto July 31, 2020, and has not been recovered so far, shall be recovered by the Companies responsible under the Act from their consumers;

- Gas companies responsible to collect GIDC under the Act should recover the unpaid GIDC (which has accrued but yet not collected) in twenty-four equal monthly installments starting from August 1, 2020, without the component of Late Payment Surcharge ('LPS'). The LPS shall only become  payable  for  the  delays  that    may  occur  in  the  payment  of  any  of  the  twenty-four installments; and

- The Federal Government shall take all steps to commence work on the laying of the pipelines. In  case,  no  work  is  carried  out  on  the  pipelines  (in  the  manner  and/or  time  specified  in  the Judgment), the purpose of levying GIDC shall be deemed to have been frustrated and the Act would become completely in-operational and considered dead for all intents and purposes.

In pursuance of the aforementioned decision, Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited commenced invoicing  of  GIDC  payable  to  the  Company  in  24  equal  installments  from  August  2020. Considering the events and developments in GIDC case (including the Judgement), the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan released financial reporting guidance on the "Accounting of  GIDC" via Circular No. 1/2021 dated January 19, 2021  which discusses key accounting considerations for gas consumer companies. Keeping in view the financial reporting guidance of ICAP and giving due consideration to the latest available information and the expected timing of the  settlement  (i.e.  monthly  instalment  rather  than  lump  sum  amount),  the  Company  had remeasured its previously undiscounted liability at its present value to incorporate the effect of time value of money arising from the expected settlement based on an instalment plan and had accordingly recognised remeasurement gain on liability for GIDC amounting to Rs.102,593 in prior years (note 25). The amount of GIDC payable represent overdue amount which attracts late payment surcharge at the rate of 3 months KIBOR + 4%.

## (Amounts in thousand)

- 17.3 The amount is kept in a separate bank account and not utilised in business in accordance with the requirements of section 217 of the Companies Act, 2017.
- 17.4 These represent provisions recognised in respect of potential claims against the Company.
- 17.5 This  represented  unrecognised  revenue  relating  to  'Monthly  Energy  Shortfall'  which  CPPA  is required to pay in the event net electrical output dispatched is lower than minimum monthly energy in accordance with Section 9.6 of the PPA. During the year, the Company has adjusted the contract liability against the related receiveable.
- 17.6 This represented amount receivable under TSA from EESL, which has been adjusted against actual expenditure in respect of major inspection during the year.
- 18.1 The  Company  has  Working  Capital  /  Running  Finance  Facility  Agreements  with  Allied  Bank Limited, MCB Bank Limited, The Bank of Punjab, Soneri Bank Limited, Bank Alfalah Limited, Pak Kuwait Invetment Company (Private) Limited and Habib Metropolitan Bank Limited under which Rs. 4,624,459 (2021: Rs. 2,102,443) have been utilised as at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company has also utilised a money market loan facility with Bank Al Falah Limited amounting  to  Rs.  1,000,000  (2021:  Rs.  2,650,000)  for  a  period  of  one  month  maturing  on January 13, 2023. The Company has also borrowed Rs. 390,000 (2021: Nil) from Pak Brunei Investment Company Limited carrying a markup at the rate of 1 month KIBOR plus 0.50 %, secured against Pakistan Investment Bonds of Rs. 400,000 (note 10.2).
- 18.2 The available facilities under these mark-up arrangements aggregate to Rs. 7,380,000  (2021: Rs. 6,900,000). The facilities carry mark-up at the rate of 1 - 3 month KIBOR plus 0.0% - 0.75% (2021: 1 - 3 month KIBOR plus 0.0% - 0.75%). The facilities are secured by (i) lien over Energy Purchase Price (EPP) account and charge over present and future receivables from the Power Purchaser  in  respect  of  EPP;  and  (ii)  first  charge  over  current  assets  of  the  Company  and subordinated charge over present and future plant, machinery, equipment and other movable assets and immovable properties of the Company. The use of these facilities are restricted for payments of operations and maintenance cost of the power plant and payments to fuel suppliers against purchase of fuel. Further, the Company has a finance facility with Engro Corporation Limited, intermediary Holding Company of upto Rs. 2,000,000 (2021: Rs. 1,000,000) carrying markup of 3 months KIBOR + 0.2%, which remained unutilized at reporting date.
- 19.1 These represent bank guarantees given to SNGPL representing an amount equivalent to three months contractual quantities of gas in accordance with the terms of GSA between the Company and SNGPL.
- 19.2 The  facilities  for  opening  letters  of  credit  and  bank  guarantees  as  at  December  31,  2022 amounts to Rs. 2,596,126 (2021: Rs. 2,596,126) of which the amount remaining un-utilised as at year end was Rs. 100,000 (2021: Rs. 54,219).
- 19.3 On  February 11, 2021, the Company and CPPA signed Master Agreement, wherein it was agreed  that  the  dispute  related  to  alleged  savings  will  be  resolved  through  arbitration.  In accordance  with  the  Master  Agreement,  the  Company  and  GoP  signed  the  Arbitration Submission  Agreement  (ASA)  on  June  15,  2022.  Subsequently,  the  arbitrators  have  been appointed as per ASA. Management believes that there are strong grounds that the matter will ultimately be decided in favour of the Company.
- 20.1 Revenue is from contract with Company's customer i.e. CPPA.
- 20.2 Sales tax of Rs. 1,178,990 (2021: Rs. 1,279,643) relates to energy purchase price.

| ## 18. short-term borrowings, secured  Finances under mark-up  arrangements (notes 18.1 and 18.2)  6,014,459  4,752,443  2022  2021  ---------------- Rupees ----------------   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  ## 19. contingencies and commitments  Contingent liabilities - guarantees (notes 19.1 and 19.2)  2,496,126  2,496,126  Commitments in respect of :  - letter of credit (note 19.2)  -  45,781  - others  138,989  11,301  138,989  57,082   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  ## 20. revenue  Capacity purchase price  3,091,648  2,676,463  Energy purchase price  8,114,226  8,806,955  11,205,874  11,483,418  Less: Sales tax (note 20.2)  1,178,990  1,279,643  10,026,884  10,203,775   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  21.  cost of revenue  Gas and fuel oil consumed  6,357,515  6,748,910  Depreciation (note 5.1.2)  813,344  784,551  Amortisation (note 6.1)  13,386  9,434  Operation and maintenance expense (note 1.5)  -  918,848  Salaries, wages and staff welfare (note 21.1)  433,150  56,494  Insurance  265,997  233,068  Travelling  38,315  2,222  Repairs and maintenance  47,506  4,808  Purchased services (note 21.2)  169,400  40,552  Stores and spares consumed  69,391  -  Security  60,096  5,011  Communication and other office expenses  47,492  16,860  8,315,592  8,820,758   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 21.1 Salaries, wages and staff welfare include Rs. 28,106 (2021: Rs. 6,029) in respect of staff retirement benefits.
- 21.2 These represent charges for services rendered by Engro Corporation Limited, Engro Fertilizers Limited,  Engro  Energy  Limited  and  other  associated  undertakings,  under  respective  service agreements.
- 22.1 Salaries,  wages  and  staff  welfare  include  Rs.  10,056  (2021:  Rs.  9,043)  in  respect  of  staff retirement benefits.

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  22.  administrative expenses  Salaries, wages and staff welfare (note 22.1)  125,334  79,704  Purchased services (note 21.2)  133,223  60,830  Communication and other office expenses  37,835  15,713  Depreciation (note 5.1.2)  1,867  1,802  Amortisation (note 6.1)  14,497  7,615  Travelling  8,377  2,356  321,133  168,020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net book value

Annual rate of depreciation

(Amounts in thousand)

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  23.  other expenses  Legal and professional services  25,847  26,828  Contributions for corporate social  responsibility (note 23.1)  17,635  13,427  Auditor's remuneration (note 23.2)  3,402  2,326  Loss on disposal of investments  22,426  -  Write-off of operating assets  -  13,833  69,310  56,414   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 23.1 These  include  Rs.14,500  (2021:  Rs.  11,500)  paid  to  Engro  Foundation  (an  associated undertaking) and Rs. 3,135 (2021: Rs.1,872) paid to Engro Corporation Limited for reimbursement of salaries of Engro Corporation Limited employees rendering services to Engro Foundation. Yusuf Siddiqui, the Company's director, is also a director in Engro Foundation.

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  23.2  Auditor's remuneration  Fee for:  - annual statutory audit  875  770  - half yearly review  265  225  - other services  265  351  - taxation services  1,631  725  - review of compliance with the Listed Companies  (Code of Corporate Governance) Regulations, 2019  60  55  Out of pocket expenses  306  200  3,402  2,326  ## 24. other income  Financial assets:  Reclassification of hedge to profit or loss  11,575  874  Profit on treasury bills  -  2,988  Non-financial assets:  Scrap sale  11,150  140  (Loss) / Gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment (note 5.1.1)  (68)  88  Insurance claim  107  -  22,764  4,090   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

110,065

9,151,660

4% - 33%

1,611,838

2.5% - 8%

10,000

16% - 33%

13,467

20% - 25%

10,897,030

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  25.  finance income - net  Interest income on bank deposits  11,117  5,245  Delayed payment charges - overdue trade debts  1,094,966  1,072,638  1,106,083  1,077,883  Less:  Interest / mark-up on short-term borrowings  (568,215)  (320,594)  Unwinding of GIDC liability  -  (102,593)  Financial / bank charges  (402,688)  (221,167)  (970,903)  (644,354)  135,180  433,529  ## 26. workers' profits participation fund  Provision for Workers' profits participation  73,940  79,810  fund (note 17.5)  Recoverable from CPPA  (73,940)  (79,810)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 26.1 The Company is required to pay 5% of its profit to the Workers' Profits Participation Fund. However, such payment will not effect the Company's overall profitability as this is recoverable from CPPA as a pass through item under Schedule I Part IV of the PPA.

## 27. taxation - current

| For the year  7,037  1,895   |
|------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

- 27.1 Represents tax at the rate of 29% and 15% (2021: 29% and 12.5%) on bank profits and capital gains, respectively as per the requirements of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001. Accordingly, no tax  reconciliation  is  presented.  The  Company  computes  tax  charge  based  on  the  generally accepted interpretations of tax laws to ensure that sufficient provision for the purpose of taxation is available.

| 2022  2021  --------------- Rupees ---------------  ## 28. earnings per share  There is no dilutive effect on the basic earnings per share of the Company, which is based on: Profit for the year  1,471,756  1,594,307  ----------Number of shares-----------  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares (in thousand)  323,800  323,800  --------------- Rupees ---------------  Earnings per share - basic and diluted  4.55  4.92  2022  2021  --------------- Rupees ---------------  ## 29. cash generated from operations  Profit before taxation  1,478,793  1,596,202  Adjustment for non-cash charges and other items:  - Depreciation (note 5.1.2)  815,211  786,353  - Amortisation (note 6.1)  27,883  17,049  - Write-off of operating assets (note 23)  -  13,833  - Reclassification of hedge to profit and loss (note 24)  (11,575)  (874)  - Loss / (Gain) on disposal of investments  22,426  (2,988)  - Loss / (Gain) on disposal of property, plant and  equipment (note 24)  68  (88)  - Interest income (note 25)  (11,117)  (5,245)  - Unwinding of GIDC liability (note 25)  -  102,593  - Finance cost (note 25)  568,215  320,594  Working capital changes (note 29.1)  1,379,205  (2,468,826)  4,269,109  358,603   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amounts in thousand)

| 29.1  Working capital changes  Decrease / (increase)  in current assets:  Inventories  (299,828)  308,866  Trade debts  2,042,310  (4,802,493)  Loan, advances, deposits, prepayments - net  (60,801)  8,378  Other receivables  1,307,296  1,863,817  2,988,977  (2,621,432)  (Decrease) / increase in current liabilities:  Trade and other payables  (1,609,772)  152,606  1,379,205  (2,468,826)  30.  cash and cash equivalents  Balances with banks (note 13)  80,121  44,437  Short-term borrowings (note 18)  (6,014,459)  (4,752,443)  (5,934,338)  (4,708,006)  2022  2021  --------------- Rupees ---------------   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. remuneration of chief executive officer, directors and executives

- 31.1 The  aggregate  amounts  charged  during  the  year  in  respect  of  remuneration,  including  all benefits, of the Chief Executive Officer, Directors and Executives of the Company are as follows:

| Chief  Executive  Officer  Other  Other  2022  2021  Chief  Executive  Officer  Directors  Directors  Executives  Executives  -------------------------------------------------------------(Rupees)----------------------------------------------  Managerial remuneration  15,514  -  260,938  8,635  -  33,256  Contribution for staff  retirement benefits  2,778  -  31,226  1,900  -  3,799  Bonus  7,874  -  53,785  10,289  -  29,709  Other benefits  459  -  11,714  1,324  -  5,086  Fees for attending meetings  -  8,225  -  -  1,550  -  Total  26,625  8,225  357,663  22,148  1,550  71,850  Number of persons,  including those who  worked part of the year  1  5  89  1  4  13   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Amounts in thousand)

- 31.2 The Company also provides Company owned vehicles and equipment for the use of Chief Executive and certain executives of the Company.

| ## 32. financial instruments by category  - 32.1 Financial assets as per statement of financial position  - Financial assets at amortised cost  Long term deposits  2,574  2,574  Loans, advances and deposits  50,776  24,854  Trade debts  9,800,242  11,842,552  Short-term investments  449,997  49,179  Other receivables  1,473,159  2,668,758  Balances with banks  80,121  44,437  11,856,869  14,632,354  - 32.2 Financial liabilities as per statement of financial position  - Financial liabilities at amortised cost  Short term borrowings  6,014,459  4,752,443  Trade and other payables  4,433,094  5,493,880  Unclaimed / unpaid dividend  20,386  20,589  Accrued interest / mark-up  199,306  61,319  10,667,245  10,328,231  2022  2021  ------------------ Rupees ------------------   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. financial risk management objectives and policies

## 33.1  Financial risk factors

The Company's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk,  interest  rate  risk  and  price  risk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  Company's overall risk management  programme  focuses  on  having  cost  efficient  funding  as  well  as  to  manage financial risk to minimise earnings volatility and provide maximum return to shareholders.

Risk  management  is  carried  out  by  the  Company's  Finance  and  Planning    under  policies approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

## a) Market risk

## i)  Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates. Currency risks exists due to the Company's  exposure  resulting  from  outstanding  import  payments  and  bank  deposits maintained  in  foreign  currency  accounts.  As  at  reporting  date,  the  Company  is  not materially exposed to currency risk.

## ii) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Company's interest rate risk primarily arises from borrowings and interest bearing financial assets such as investments, over due receivables and payables. These are benchmarked to variable rates which expose the  Company  to  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk.  As  at  reporting  date,  if  interest  rate  on  the Company's financial assets and liabilities had been 1% higher / lower with all other variables held constant, pre tax profit of the Company for the year would have been higher / lower by Rs.  56,814,  mainly  as  a  result  of  higher  /  lower  interest  exposure  on  variable  rate.

## iii)  Other price risk

Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices (other than those arising from currency risk or interest rate risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual financial instrument or its issuer, or factors effecting all similar financial instruments traded in the market. As at reporting date, the Company is not materially exposed to other price risk.

## b) Credit risk

Credit risk represents the risk of financial loss being caused if counter party fails to discharge an  obligation.  Credit  risk  arises  from  deposits  with  banks  and  financial  institutions,  trade debts, loans, deposits, bank guarantees and other receivables. The credit risk on liquid funds is  limited  because  the  counter  parties  are  banks  with  reasonably  high  credit  ratings.  The maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying amount of financial assets. The Company  maintains  an  internal  policy  to  place  funds  with  commercial  banks  having  a minimum  short-term  credit  rating  of  A1.  The  Company  accepts  guarantees  of  banks  of reasonably  high  credit  ratings  as  approved  by  the  management.  Trade  debts,  including delayed payment charges are secured by a sovereign guarantee from the Government of Pakistan.

The Company monitors the credit quality of its financial assets with reference to historical performance  of  such  assets  and  available  external  credit  ratings.  The  carrying  values  of financial assets which are neither past due nor impaired are as under:

## (Amounts in thousand)

| 2022  2021  -------------- Rupees ---------------  Long-term deposits  2,574  2,574  Loans, advances and deposits  50,776  24,854  Trade debts  2,330,429  2,100,081  Short-term investments  449,997  49,179  Other receivables  956,304  1,202,099  Balances with banks  80,121  44,437  3,870,201  3,423,224   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying value of financial assets which are past due but not impaired are as follows:

| 2022  2021  -------------- Rupees ---------------  Trade debts  7,469,813  9,742,471  Other receivables  516,855  1,466,659  7,986,668  11,209,130   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit quality of receivables can be assessed with reference to their historical performance with delays in recent history, however, no losses incurred. The credit quality of Company's bank balances and short term investments can be assessed with reference to external credit ratings as follows:

| Name of bank / financial institutions  "Rating  Rating  agency"  Short-term  Long-term  Allied Bank Limited  PACRA  A1+  AAA  Bank of Punjab  PACRA  A1+  AA+  MCB Bank Limited  PACRA  A1+  AAA  Soneri Bank Limited  PACRA  A1+  AA-  Al Baraka Bank (Pakistan) Limited  PACRA  A1  A  Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited  PACRA  A1+  AAA  Bank Alfalah Limited  PACRA  A1+  AA+  National Bank of Pakistan  PACRA  A1+  AAA  Faysal Bank Limited  PACRA  A1+  AA  Habib Metropolitan Bank Limited  PACRA  A1+  AA+  Pak Brunei Investment Company Limited  JCR-VIS  A1+  AA+   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## c) Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  represents  the  risk  that  the  Company  will  encounter  difficulties  in  meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities.

Prudent liquidity risk management  implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities,  the  availability  of  funding  through  an  adequate  amount  of  committed  credit facilities.  Due  to  dynamic  nature  of  the  business,  the  Company  maintains  flexibility  in funding by maintaining committed credit lines available.

The  Company's  liquidity  management  involves  projecting  cash  flows  and  considering  the level  of  liquid  assets  necessary  to  meet  these,  monitoring  liquidity  ratios  against  internal  and external  regulatory  requirements  and  maintaining  debt  financing  plans.  All  financial  liabilities of the Company are payable within one year.

The  Company  manages  liquidity  risk  by  keeping  committed  credit  lines  and  borrowing facilities available at all times and by managing timing of payments to its suppliers. Details of borrowing facilities have been provided in notes 18.1 and 18.2.

## 34. fair value measurement

"Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

As at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair values of all assets and liabilities reflected in the financial statements approximate the fair values. "

## 35. capital risk management

The  Company's  objective  when  managing  capital  is  to  safeguard  the  Company's  ability  to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustment to it in the light of changes in economic conditions. To manage its capital structure, the Company may issue shares or use dividend policy to influence the retention rate.

The management at all times seeks to earn returns higher than its weighted average cost of capital, by increasing efficiencies in operations, so as to increase profitability.

| The proportion of debt to equity at the year end was:  Short term borrowings (note 18)  6,014,459  4,752,443  Less: Balances with banks (note 13)  (80,121)  (44,437)  Net debt  5,934,338  4,708,006  Total equity  13,104,789  16,177,808  Total capital  19,039,127  20,885,814  Gearing ratio  0.31  0.23  2022  2021  ---------------- Rupees ----------------   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36. number of employees

| Management employees  T otal number of employees              Average number of employees  2022  2021  2022  2021  105  15  60  15   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 37.  capacity and production  Maximum generation possible  1,860,982  1,862,519  Declared capacity billed  1,742,045  1,862,519  Net electrical output  768,202  851,197  2022  2021  ---------------- (MWh) ----------------   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

37.1. Output produced by the plant is dependent on the load demanded and the plant availability.

## 38. transactions with related parties

- 38.1. The  following  are  the  names  of  related  parties  and  associated  undertakings  with  whom  the Company had entered into transactions or had agreements and / or arrangements in place during the year:

(Amounts in thousand)

| Name of Related parties  Direct Shareholding  Relationship  Engro Energy Limited  68.89%  Parent Company  Engro Corporation Limited  N/A  Common directorship /  intermediary holding company  Engro Fertilizers Limited  N/A  Common directorship  Engro Energy Services Limited  N/A  Common directorship  Engro Powergen Thar (Private) Limited  N/A  Common directorship  Engro Vopak Terminal Limited  N/A  Common directorship  Engro Polymer and Chemicals Limited  N/A  Common directorship  Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company Limited  N/A  Associated Company  Engro Foundation  N/A  Common directorship  Retirement benefit funds:  Engro Corporation Limited - Provident Fund  N/A  Post employment benefits  Engro Corporation Limited -  MPT Employees Gratuity Fund  N/A  Post employment benefits  Shahab Qader  N/A  Chief Executive Officer  Shabbir Hashmi  N/A  Director  Yusuf Jamil Siddiqui  N/A  Director  Ahsan Zafar Syed  N/A  Director  Farooq Barkat Ali  N/A  Director  Vaqar Zakaria  N/A  Director  Fauzia Viqar  N/A  Director  Kaiser Bengali  N/A  Director  Nausheen Ahmad  N/A  Director  Amir Qasim  N/A  Key management personnel   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 38.2. Details  of  transactions  with  related  parties,  other  than  those  which  have  been  disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, are as follows:

## (Amounts in thousand)

| 2022  2021  ------------ Rupees -------------  Nature of relationship  Nature of transactions  Holding companies  Reimbursement of expenses:  - incurred for the Company  251,155  215,993  - incurred by the Company  45,856  58,818  Contribution for Corporate Social  Responsibility (CSR) activities  3,135  1,872  Loan received  3,100,000  3,000,000  Loan repaid  3,100,000  3,000,000  Finance cost  25,798  29,094  Dividend  3,122,700  724,913  Associated companies  Reimbursement of expenses:  - incurred for the Company  44,185  26,649  - incurred by the Company  110,027  69,464  Operation and maintenance fee  -  1,045,909  Settlement fee under TSA  -  160,000  Contribution for Corporate Social  Responsibility (CSR) activitiesv  14,500  11,500  "Key management  Managerial remuneration,  personnel"  including bonuses and other benefits  34,430  32,798  Contribution / Charge for  retirement benefit schemes  3,635  2,442  Directors fee  8,225  1,550  Staff retirement benefits  Managed and operated by Engro  Corporation Limited Contribution to:  - Gratuity fund  16,759  3,951  - Provident fund  50,543  11,121   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39. date of authorisation for issue

These  financial  statements  were  authorised  for  issue  on  February  8,  2023  by  the  Board  of Directors of the Company.

## 40. general

Figures have been rounded off to the nearest thousand rupees unless otherwise stated.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Chief Financial Officer

Chief Executive Officer

Director

<!-- image -->

## annexure

## glossary

| BTU  CCG  CDC  CEO  CFO  COD  DAE  DB  DC  DFI  DSC  EBITDA  ECL  EPA  EEL  EPQL  GIDC  GSA  GWh  HRSG  HSD  HSE  IA  ICAP  IFAC  IFC  IPO  HRB  TSA  IPP  IRC  MoU  PSX  LWI  MMCFD  MWh  NBFI  NCCPL  NEO  NEPRA  NTDC  OHIH  PEPCO  PIB  PICG  PPA  PPAF  PPIB  RIC  SECP  SEPA  SNGPL  SSC  TFC  TRIR  TTC  WWF  PHC  NEQS  British Thermal Unit  Code of Corporate Governance  Central Depository Company  Chief Executive Officer  Chief Financial Officer  Commercial Operations Date  Diploma in Associated Engineering  Defined Benefit  Defined Contribution  Development Finance Institutions  Defence Saving Certificates  Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,  Depreciation and Amortization  Engro Corporation Limited  Environmental Protection Agency  Engro Energy Limited  Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited  Gas Infrastructure Development Cess  Gas Supply Agreement  Giga Watt hour  Heat Recovery Steam Generator  High Speed Diesel  Health Safety &amp; Environment  Implementation Agreement  Institute of Chartered Accountants  of Pakistan  International Federation of Accountants  International  Finance Corporation  Initial Public Offering  Human Resource Business partner  Termination Settlement Agreement  Independent Power Producer  Indus Resource Center  Memorandom of Understanding  Pakistan Stock Exchange  Lost Workday Injury  Million Cubic Feet per Day  Mega Watt hour  Non-Banking Finance Institutions  National Clearing Company of  Pakistan Limited  Net Electrical Output  National Electric Power Regulatory Authority  National Transmission and  Dispatch Company  Occupational Health and Industrial Hygiene  Pakistan Electric Power Company  Pakistan Investment Bonds  Pakistan Institute of Corporate Governance  Power Purchase Agreement  Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund  Private Power Infrastructure Board  Regular Income Certificates  Securities &amp; Exchange Commission  Sindh Environmental Protection Agency  Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited  Special Saving Certificates  Term Finance Certificate  Total Recordable Injury Rate  Technical Training College  Workers' Welfare Fund  Primary Health care Center  National Environmental Quality Standards   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## standard request form

## proxy form

Name of Shareholder

Folio No. / CDC ID No.

CNIC/NICOP/ Passport No.

Land Line Telephone No. (if any)

Cell No. (if any)

Particulars

Yours Truly,

Shareholder's Signature

Copy to: Company Secretary Engro Powergen Qadirpur Ltd. 16th Floor, The Harbour Front, Dolmen City, HC-3, Block 4, Clifton, Karachi-75600. E-mail: agm.epql@engro.com

The Share Registrar Engro Powergen Qadirpur Ltd. FAMCO Associates (Pvt.) Ltd. 8-F, Near Hotel Faran Nursery, Block-6, P .E.C.H.S., Shahra-e-Faisal KARACHI. E-mail: info.shares@famco.com.pk

Telephone No. (9221) 3438 0101-5, 3438 4621-3

Dear Sirs,

Subject:  Request for Hard Copy of Annual Report of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Limited.

I,  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  S/o,  D/o,  W/o  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  being    a    registered  shareholder  of Engro Powergen Qadirpur Ltd. with the particulars as mentioned below would request that my name be added to the list of Shareholders of the Company who opt for delivery of a hardcopy of the Annual Report of the Company and hereby request you send to me the Annual Report in hard copy form at my registered address as contained in the members register instead of providing the same through email.

Dated: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

circulation of annual audited accounts.

I / We of being a member of ENGRO POWERGEN QADIRPUR LIMITED and holder of (Number of Shares)

Ordinary Shares as per share Register Folio No. and/or CDC Participant I.D. No.                                           and Sub Account No. hereby appoint                                 of                                          or failing him/her of as  my/our  proxy  to  vote  for  me/us  and  on  my  /  our  behalf  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the Company to be held on the 29th day of March, 2023 and at any adjournment thereof.

Signed this                                                            day of                                                           2023.

WITNESSES:

1.  Signature:

Name:

Address:

CNIC or

Passport No.

2.  Signature:

Name:

Address:

CNIC or

Passport No.

Note:

Proxies in order to be effective, must be received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the meeting. A Proxy holder may not need to be a member of the Company.

CDC Shareholders and their proxies are each requested to attach an attested photocopy of their Computerized National Identity Card or Passport with this proxy form before submission to the Company.

Signature

Signature should agree with the specimen registered with the Company

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ICAP's BCR compliance with

2022 evaluation criteria

## 1.  organizational overview and external environment

What does the organization do and circumstances under which it operates

| Principal business activities and markets (local and international) including key brands, products  and services.  Geographical location and address of all business units including sales units and plants.  Mission, vision, code of conduct, culture, ethics and values.  Ownership, operating structure and relationship with group companies (i.e. subsidiary, associated  undertaking etc.) and number of countries in which the organization operates. Also name and  country of origin of the holding company/subsidiary company, if such companies are a foreign  company.  Organization chart indicating functional and administrative reporting, presented with legends.  Identification of the key elements of the business model of the company through simple diagram  supported by a clear explanation of the relevance of those elements to the organization. (The key  elements of business model are Inputs, Business activities, Outputs and Outcomes).  Position of the reporting organization within the value chain showing connection with other  businesses in the upstream and downstream value chain.  (This disclosure shall be provided by the companies in service and non-service sector  organizations through graphical presentation).  Significant factors effecting the external environment and the associated organization's response.  Also describe the effect of seasonality on business in terms of production and sales.  (External environment includes commercial, political, economic, social, technological,  environmental and legal environment).  The legitimate needs, interests of key stakeholders and industry trends.  SWOT Analysis of the company.  Competitive landscape and market positioning (considering factors such as the threat of new  competition and substitute products or services, the bargaining power of customers and  suppliers, relative strengths and weaknesses of competitors and customer demand and the  intensity of competitive rivalry).  The legislative and regulatory environment in which the organization operates.  The political environment where the organization operates and other countries that may affect the  ability of the organization to implement its strategy.  Significant changes from prior years (regarding the information disclosed in this section).  History of major events.  Details of significant events occurred during the year and after the reporting period.  1.01  1.02  1.03  1.04  1.05  1.06  1.07  1.08  1.09  1.10  1.11  1.12  1.13  1.14  1.15  07  05  09 &amp; 10  13 &amp; 14  24  79 &amp; 80  76  66 &amp; 67  49, 84, 85  77  119  84 &amp; 87  66  83  17,84,85  &amp; 86  N/A  S No.  Pg no.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 2.  strategy and resource allocation

Where does the organization want to go and how does it intend to get there

| 81  81, 82  &amp; 83  81,82  &amp; 83  07  116  66 &amp; 67  68 &amp; 74  67  81,82  &amp; 83  81 &amp; 82  Short, medium and long term strategic objectives.  Strategies in place or intended to be implemented to achieve the strategic objectives.  Resource allocation plans to implement the strategy and financial capital structure.  Resource mean CAPITALS including:  a.  financial capital (e.g. liquidity, cash flows, financing arrangements); human capital;  b.  manufactured capital (e.g. building, equipment, infrastructure);  c.  intellectual capital (e.g. patents, copyrights, software, licenses, knowledge, system,  procedures);  d.  human capital;  e.  social and relationship capital; and  f.  natural capital.  Explanation: Disclosures about the capitals should include the factors that affect the availability,  quality and affordability of relevant capitals and the organization's expectations of its ability to  produce flows from them to meet future demand.  Demonstrating the connectivity of financial performance with performance and outcomes  regarding the other capitals &amp; how the organization's strategy and resource allocation plans affect  key capitals and risk management arrangements related to them should be included under  capital reporting.  Key resources and capabilities of the company which provide sustainable competitive advantage.  Value created by the business, and for whom, using these resources and capabilities.  The effect of technological change, societal issues such as population and demographic  changes, human rights, health, poverty, collective values and educational systems, environmental  challenges, such as climate change, the loss of ecosystems, and resource shortages on the  company strategy and resource allocation.  Specific processes used to make strategic decisions and to establish and monitor the culture of  the organization, including its attitude to risk and mechanisms for addressing integrity and ethical  issues.  Key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the achievement against strategic objectives  including statement as to whether the indicators used will continue to be relevant in the future.  Board's statement on the following:  a)  significant plans and decisions such as corporate restructuring, business expansion, or  discontinuance of operations;  b)  business rationale of major capital expenditure or projects started during the year and those  planned for next year etc.  Significant changes in objectives and strategies from prior years.  2.01  2.02  2.03  2.04  2.05  2.06  2.07  2.08  2.09  2.10  S No.  Pg no.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.  risks and opportunities

Specific risks and opportunities that affect the organization's ability to create value over the short, medium and long term, and how it is dealing with them

| 68-74  68  68-74  68-74  71,72  &amp; 73  71-74  68,69  &amp; 70  68  82  N/A  Key risks and opportunities effecting availability, quality and affordability of CAPITALS in the short,  medium and long term.  Risk Management Framework including risk management methodology and principal risk and  uncertainties facing the company.  Sources of risks and opportunities (internal and external).  The initiatives taken by the company in promoting and enabling innovation.  Assessment of the 'likelihood' that the risk or opportunity will come to fruition and the  'magnitude' of its effect if it does.  Specific steps being taken to mitigate or manage key risks or to create value from key  opportunities by identifying the associated strategic objectives, strategies, plans, policies, targets  and KPIs.  Board's efforts for determining the company's level of risk tolerance by establishing risk  management policies.  Statement from the board that they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal risks  facing the company, including those that would threaten the business model, future performance  and solvency or liquidity.  Strategy to overcome liquidity problem and the company's plan to manage its repayment of  debts and meet operational losses.  Inadequacy in the capital structure and plans to address such inadequacy.  3.01  3.02  3.03  3.04  3.05  3.06  3.07  3.08  3.09  3.10  S No.  Pg no.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.  sustainability and corporate social responsibility

| Highlights of the company's performance, policies, initiatives and plans in place relating to the  various aspects of sustainability and corporate social responsibility as per best business practices  including:  a)  environment related obligation applicable on the company;  b)  company progress towards environmental, social and &amp; governance initiatives during the  year; and  c)  company's responsibility towards the staff, health &amp; safety.  Status of adoption/compliance of the Corporate Social Responsibility (Voluntary) Guidelines, 2013  issued by the SECP or any other regulatory framework as applicable.  Certifications acquired and international standards adopted for best sustainability and CSR  practices.  4.01  4.02  4.03  123  - 128  N/A  125  S No.  Pg no.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.  governance

How does the organization's governance structu rt its ability to create value in the short, medium and long term

| 27-34  61  44 &amp; 45  41 - 44  41 - 44  41  53  N/A  45,193  &amp; 194  37,38  &amp; 47  Board composition:  a)  Leadership structure of those charged with governance.  b)  Name of independent directors indicating justification for their independence.  c)  Diversity in the board i.e. competencies, requisite knowledge &amp; skills, and experience.  d)  Profile of each director including education, experience and involvement /engagement of in  other entities as CEO, Director, CFO or Trustee etc.  e)  No. of companies in which the executive director of the reporting organization is serving as  non-executive director.  Chairman's Review Report on the overall performance of the board and effectiveness of the role  played by the board in achieving the company's objectives.  A statement of how the board operates, including a high-level statement of which types of  decisions are to be taken by the board and which are to be delegated to management.  Annual evaluation of performance, along with description of criteria used for the members of the  board including CEO, Chairman and board's committees.  Disclosure if the board's performance evaluation is carried out by an external consultant once in  three years.  Details of formal orientation courses for directors.  Directors' Training Program (DTP) attended by directors, female executive and head of  department from the institutes approved by the SECP and names of those who availed  exemptions during the year.  Description of external oversight of various functions like systems audit or internal audit by an  external specialist and other measures taken to enhance credibility of internal controls and  systems.  a)  Approved policy for related party transactions.  b)  Details of all related parties transactions, along with the basis of relationship describing  common directorship and percentage of shareholding.  c)  Contract or arrangement with the related party other than in the ordinary course of business  on an arm's length basis, if any along with the justification for entering into such contract or  arrangement.  d)  Disclosure of director's interest in related party transactions.  e)  In case of conflict, disclosure that how such a conflict is managed and monitored by the  board.  Disclosure of Board's Policy on the following significant matters:  a)  Governance of risk and internal controls.  b)  Diversity (including gender), any measurable objectives that it has set for implementing the  policy, and progress on achieving the objectives.  c)  Disclosure of director's interest in significant contracts and arrangements.  d)  Remuneration of non-executive directors including independent directors for attending board  meetings and general meetings.  5.01  5.02  5.03  5.04  5.05  5.06  5.07  5.08  5.09  5.10  S No.  Pg no.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 42,43,  45,46,  47,48  49, 50,  87  49  48  49  41  137  39 &amp; 40  194  55-57  e)  Retention of board fee by the executive director earned by him against his services as  non-executive director in other companies.  f)  Security clearance of foreign directors.  g)  Board meetings held outside Pakistan.  h)  Human resource management including preparation of succession plan.  i)  Social and environmental responsibility.  j)  Communication with stakeholders.  k)  Investors' relationship and grievances.  l)  Employee health, safety and protection.  m)  Whistle blowing policy including mechanism to receive and handle complains in a fair and  transparent manner and providing protection to the complainant against victimization and  reporting in Audit Committee's report.  n)  Safety of records of the company.  o)  Providing reasonable opportunity to the shareholder for participation in the AGM.  Board review statement of the organization's business continuity plan or disaster recovery plan.  Disclosure of beneficial (including indirect) ownership and flow chart of group shareholding and  relationship as holding company, subsidiary company or associated undertaking.  Compliance with the Best Practices of Code of Corporate Governance (No marks in case of any  non-compliance).  A brief description about role of the Chairman and the CEO.  Shares held by Sponsors / Directors / Executives.  Salient features of TOR and attendance in meetings of the board committees (Audit, Human  Resource, Nomination and Risk management).  Timely Communication:  Date of authorization of financial statements by the board of directors: within 40 days ---6 marks  within 60 days ---3 marks  (Entities requiring approval from a Regulator before finalization of their financial statements would  be provided a 20 days relaxation, on providing evidence to the Committee).  Audit Committee report should describe the work of the committee in discharging its  responsibilities. The report should include:  a)  Composition of the committee with at least one member qualified as 'financially literate and  all members are non-executive / Independent directors including the Chairman of the Audit  Committee.  b)  Role of the committee in discharging its responsibilities for the significant issues in relation to  the financial statements, and how these issues were addressed with details where particular  attention was paid in this regard.  c)  Committee's overall approach to risk management and internal control, and its processes,  outcomes and disclosure.  5.11  5.12  5.13  5.14  5.15  5.16  5.17  5.18  S No.  Pg no.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 55-57  50  49  No external  search  consultancy  was used  27  84 &amp; 85  50  d)  Role of Internal Audit to risk management and internal control, and approach to Internal Audit  to have direct access to Audit Committee and evaluation of Internal Auditor's performance.  e)  Review of arrangement for staff and management to report to Audit Committee in  confidence, concerns, if any, about actual or potential improprieties in financial and other  matters and recommended instituting remedial and mitigating measures.  f)  An explanation as to how it has assessed the effectiveness of the external audit process and  the approach taken to the appointment or reappointment of the external auditor, and  information on the length of tenure of the current statutory auditor; and if the external auditor  provides non-audit services, an explanation as to how auditor's objectivity and independence  is safeguarded.  g)  If Audit Committee recommends external auditors other than the retiring external auditors,  before the lapse of three consecutive years, reasons shall be reported.  h)  The Audit Committee's views whether the Annual Report was fair, balanced and  understandable and also whether it provided the necessary information for shareholders to  assess the company's position and performance, business model and strategy.  i)  Results of the self-evaluation of the Audit Committee carried out of its own performance.  j)  Disclosure of the number of whistle-blowing incidences reported to the Audit Committee  during the year.  Presence of the chairman of the Audit Committee at the AGM to answer questions on the Audit  Committee's activities / matters that are within the scope of the Audit Committee's  responsibilities.  Board disclosure on Company's use of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP ) software including:  a)  how it is designed to manage and integrate the functions of core business processes/  modules like finance, HR, supply chain and inventory management in a single system;  b)  management support in the effective implementation and continuous updation;  c)  details about user training of ERP software;  d)  how the company manages risks or control risk factors on ERP projects;  e)  how the company assesses system security, access to sensitive data and segregation of  duties.  Where an external search consultancy has been used in the appointment of the Chairman or a  non-executive director, it should be disclosed if it has any other connection with the company.  Chairman's significant commitments and any changes thereto.  Disclosure about the Government of Pakistan policies related to company's business/sector in  Directors' Report and their impact on the company business and performance.  How the organization's implemented governance practices have been exceeding legal  requirements.  5.19  5.20  5.21  5.22  5.23  5.24  S No.  Pg no.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6.  analysis of the financial information

To what extent has the organization achieved its strategic objectives for the period

| 93-114  104-114  95-102  105-113  93 &amp; 94  N/A  N/A  PBS, PSX,  SBP and  external  sources  103  N/A  115  88  N/A  05  Analysis of the financial and non-financial performance using both qualitative and quantitative  indicators showing linkage between:  (a)  Past and current performance;  (b)  Performance against targets /budget; and  (c)  Objectives to assess stewardship of management.  The analysis should cover significant deviations from previous year in operating results and the  reasons for loss, if incurred and future prospects of profits.  Analysis of financial ratios (Annexure I)  (this includes marks of ratios for Shariah compliant companies and companies listed on Islamic  indices)  Vertical and horizontal analysis of Balance Sheet, Profit and Loss Account and summary of Cash  Flow Statement for last 6 years.  Graphical presentation of 6.02 and 6.03 above.  Explanation of negative change in the performance against prior year including analysis of  variation in results reported in interim reports with the final accounts, including comments on the  results disclosed in 6.02 and 6.03 above.  Any significant change in accounting policies, judgements, estimates and assumptions with  rationale.  Information about defaults in payment of any debts and reasons thereof period.  Methods and assumptions used in compiling the indicators.  Cash Flow Statement based on Direct Method (separate Cash Flow for specific funds e.g. Zakat).  Segmental review and analysis of business performance including segment revenue, segment  results, profit before tax, segment assets and liabilities.  a)  Share price sensitivity analysis using key variables (i.e. selling price, raw material cost, interest  rate and currency) with the consequent impact on the company's earning .  b)  Composition of local versus imported material and sensitivity analysis in narrative form due to  foreign currency fluctuations  Brief description and reasons:  a)  for not declaring dividend despite earning profits and future prospects of dividend.  b)  where any payment on account of taxes, duties, levies etc. is overdue or outstanding.  CEO presentation video on the company's business performance of the year covering the  company business strategy to improve and future outlook. (Please provide relevant webpage link  of the video in the company's annual report).  6.01  6.02  6.03  6.04  6.05  6.06  6.07  6.08  6.09  6.10  6.11  6.12  6.13  S No.  Pg no.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.  disclosures on it governance and cybersecurity

How the Board evaluate the company's IT governance and cybersecurity risk and how the Board manages those risks that threaten the company's operations

| 46  46  46  46  46  46  46  46  46  The Board responsibility statement on the evaluation and enforcement of legal and regulatory  implications of cyber risks and the responsibilities of the board in case of any breaches.  Disclosure related to IT governance and cybersecurity programs, policies and procedures and  industry specific requirements for cybersecurity and strategy in place.  Disclosures about how cybersecurity fits into the board's risk oversight function and how the  board is engaging with management on this issue.  Disclosure that at least one board-level committee is charged with oversight of IT governance  and cybersecurity matters and how the board administers its IT risk oversight function related to  these risks.  Disclosure about Company's controls and procedures about an 'early warning system' that  enables the company to identify, assess, address, make timely disclosures and timely  communications to the board about cybersecurity risks and incidents.  Disclosure of policy related to independent comprehensive security assessment of technology  environment, including third party risks and when last such review was carried out.  Disclosure about resilient contingency and disaster recovery plan in terms of dealing with a  possible IT failure or cyber breach and details about company's cyber insurance.  Disclosure of advancement in digital transformation on how the organization has leveraged 4.0  Industrial revolution (RPA, Block Chain, AI, Cloud Computing etc.) to improve transparency,  reporting and governance.  Disclosure about education and training efforts of the Company to mitigate cybersecurity risks.  7.1  7.2  7.3  7.4  7.5  7.6  7.7  7.8  7.9  S No.  Pg no.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.  future Outlook

Challenges and uncertainties that the organization is likely to encounter in pursuing its strategy, and what are the potential implications for its business model and future performance

| 74,84,  85,86  74,84,  85,86  84-86  N/A  N/A  120  Forward looking statement in narrative and quantitative form including projections or forecasts  about known trends and uncertainties that could affect the company's resources, revenues and  operations in the short, medium and long term.  Explanation of the external environment including political, economic, social, technological,  environmental and legal environment that is likely to be faced in the short, medium and long term  and how it will affect the organization in terms of its business performance, strategic objectives  and availability, quality and affordability of capitals.  Explanation as to how the performance of the company meets the forward looking disclosures  made in the previous year.  Status of the projects in progress and were disclosed in the forward looking statement in the  previous year.  Sources of information and assumptions used for projections / forecasts in the forward looking  statement and assistance taken by any external consultant.  How the organization is currently equipped in responding to the critical challenges and  uncertainties that are likely to arise.  8.01  8.02  8.03  8.04  8.05  8.06  S No.  Pg no.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9.  stakeholders relationship and engagement

State of key stakeholder relationships and how the organization has responded to key stakeholders' legitimate needs and interests

| 118 &amp; 119  118 &amp; 119  50  49  50  116 &amp; 117  49 &amp; 118  45  Stakeholders engagement policy of the company and how the company has identified its  stakeholders.  Stakeholders' engagement process and the frequency of such engagements during the year.  Explanation on how these relationships are likely to affect the performance and value of the  company, and how those relationships are managed. These engagements may be with: a)  Institutional investors; b) Customers &amp; suppliers; c) Banks and other lenders; d) Media; e)  Regulators; f) Local committees and g) Analysts.  Steps taken by the management to encourage the minority shareholders to attend the general  meetings.  Investors' Relations section on the corporate website.  Issues raised in the last AGM, decisions taken and their implementation status.  Statement of value added and its distribution with graphical presentation:  a) Employees as remuneration; b) Government as taxes (separately direct and indirect); c)  Shareholders as dividends; d) Providers of financial capital as financial charges; e) Society as  donation; and f) Retained within the business.  Steps board has taken to solicit and understand the views of stakeholders through corporate  briefing sessions and disclosure of brief summary of Analyst briefing conducted during the year.  Highlights about redressal of investors' complaints.  9.01  9.02  9.03  9.04  9.05  9.06  9.07  9.08  S No.  Pg no.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.   business model

Business model is a system of transforming inputs, through business activities, into outputs and outcomes that aims to fulfil the organization's strategic purposes and create value over the short, medium and long term

| 79 &amp; 80  Describe the business model including inputs, business activities, outputs and outcomes in  accordance with the guidance as set out under section 4C of the International Integrated  Reporting Framework (IR Framework).  10.01  S No.  Pg no.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. striving for excellence in corporate reporting

| Board's responsibility statement on full compliance of financial accounting and reporting  standards as applicable in Pakistan (i.e. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs)  issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)).  Adoption of IR Framework by fully applying the 'Fundamental Concepts', 'Content Elements' and  'Guiding Principles' in the IR Framework.  BCR criteria cross referred with page numbers of the annual report. (details can be maintained by  companies on the Investor Relation section of the company's website).  Disclosures beyond BCR criteria (The participating organization to send the list of additional  disclosures to BCR Committee).  11.01  11.02  11.03  11.04  S No.  Pg no.  50  EPQL is  committed to  adopt  International  Integrated  Reporting  Framework  N/A  N/A   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. specific disclosures of financial statements

| Fair value of Property, Plant and Equipment.  Reconciliation of weighted average number of shares for calculating EPS and diluted EPS.  Particulars of significant/ material assets and immovable property including location and area of  land.  Key quantitative information (Number of persons employed as on the date of financial statements  and average number of employees during the year, separately disclosing factory employees).  Disclosure of product wise data mentioning, product revenue, profit etc.  Capacity of an industrial unit, actual production and the reasons for shortfall .  Disclosure of discounts on revenue.  Sector wise analysis of deposits and advances.  Complete set of financial statements (Balance sheet, Income statement &amp; Cash flow) for Islamic  banking operations.  Status for adoption of Islamic Financial Accounting Standards (IFAS) issued by the ICAP .  Summary of significant transactions and events that have affected the company's financial  position and performance during the year.  Forced sale value in case of revaluation of Property, Plant and Equipment or investment property.  Distribution of shareholders (Number of shares as well as category, e.g. Promoter,  Directors/Executives or close family member of Directors/Executives etc.).  Particulars of major foreign shareholders, other than natural person, holding more than 5% of  paid up capital in the company in Pattern of Shareholding.  12.01  12.02  12.03  12.04  12.05  12.06  12.07  12.08  12.09  12.10  12.11  12.12  12.13  12.14  N/A  186  172  192  N/A  192  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  161&amp;162  N/A  137-141  137&amp;138  S No.  Pg no.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars where company has given loans or advances or has made investments in foreign  companies or undertakings.  Accounts Receivable in respect of Export Sales - Name of company or undertaking in case of  related party and in case of default brief description of any legal action taken against the  defaulting parties.  Treasury shares in respect of issued share capital of a company.  In describing legal proceedings, under any court, agency or government authority, whether local  or foreign, include name of the court, agency or authority in which the proceedings are pending,  the date instituted, the principal parties thereto, a description of the factual basis of the  proceeding and the relief sought.  Management assessment of sufficiency of tax provision made in the company's financial  statements shall be stated along with comparisons of tax provision as per accounts vis a vis tax  assessment for last three years.  Income tax reconciliation as required by IFRS and applicable tax regime for the year.  In respect of loans and advances, other than those to the suppliers of goods or services, the  name of the borrower and terms of repayment if the loan or advance exceeds rupees one million,  together with the collateral security, if any.  Disclosure about Human Resource Accounting (includes the disclosure of process of identifying  and measuring the cost incurred by the company to recruit, select, hire, train, develop, allocate,  conserve, reward and utilize human assets).  In financial statements issued after initial or secondary public offering(s) of securities or issuance  of debt instrument(s) implementation of plans as disclosed in the prospectus/offering document  with regards to utilization of proceeds raised till full implementation of such plans.  Where any property or asset acquired with the funds of the company and is not held in the name  of the company or is not in the possession and control of the company, this fact along with  reasons for the property or asset not being in the name of or possession or control of the  company shall be stated; and the description and value of the property or asset, the person in  whose name and possession or control it is held shall be disclosed.  Standards, amendments and interpretations adopted during the current year along with their  impact on the company's financial statements.  Standards, amendments and interpretations, not yet effective and not adopted along with their  impact on the company's financial statements.  12.15  12.16  12.17  12.18  12.19  12.20  12.21  12.22  12.23  12.24  12.25  12.26  N/A  175, 176  &amp; 177  N/A  182  N/A  185  N/A  183  N/A  N/A  162 &amp; 163  163  S No.  Pg no.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.   assessment based on qualitative factors

| Qualitative Assessment of Annual Report  13.01  N/A  S No.  Pg no.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2  2  2  1  -   |
|-----------------|

<!-- image -->

| 3  6  7  7  1  6  7  7  4   |
|-----------------------------|

| 3  4  4   |
|-----------|

en abling

gro wth

<!-- image -->

en abling

gro wth

| 5,033  836  2,176  1,321  579  122  5,033  3,409  897  1,637  587  200  87  3,409   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

139

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->