<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Everi Holdings Annual Report 2022

Form 10-K (NYSE:EVRI)

Published: March 1st, 2022

Brought to you by

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

08

## Everi Holdings (EVRI) Historical Annual Reports 2006-2024

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Year  Report  Size  2024  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Feb 29th, 2024  1.2mb  2023  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 1st, 2023  1.2mb  2021  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 15th, 2021  172kb  2020  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 2nd, 2020  173kb  2019  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 12th, 2019  1.2mb  2018  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 16th, 2018  128kb  2017  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 14th, 2017  1.1mb  2016  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 15th, 2016  1.0mb  2015  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 16th, 2015  832kb  2014  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 11th, 2014  668kb  2013  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 12th, 2013  685kb  2012  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 12th, 2012  718kb  2011  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Apr 11th, 2011  112kb  2011  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 14th, 2011  766kb  2010  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 15th, 2010  753kb  2009  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 13th, 2009  116kb  2009  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 10th, 2009  774kb  2008  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 17th, 2008  850kb  2007  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 30th, 2007  810kb  2006  Everi Holdings (EVRI) 10-K Annual Report - Mar 23rd, 2006  670kb   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

18

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from             to

Commission file number: 001-32622

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

7250 S. Tenaya Way, Suite 100 Las Vegas Nevada

(Address of principal executive offices)

(800) 833-7110

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class  Trading symbol(s)  Name of each exchange on which registered  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share  EVRI  New York Stock Exchange   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x  No ¨

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨  No x

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x   No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x   No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated  filer,'  'smaller  reporting  company,'  and  'emerging  growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer x

Non-accelerated filer

☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b -2 of the Exchange Act). Yes or issued its audit report. Yes ☒ No ☐

☐ No x

As of June 30, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $2.2 billion based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.

There were 91,409,193 shares of the registrant's common stock issued and outstanding as of the close of business on February 24, 2022.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Certain  portions  of  the  registrant's  Definitive  Proxy  Statement  for  its  2022  Annual  Meeting  of  Stockholders  (which  is  expected  to  be  filed  with  the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant's 2021 fiscal year) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the registrant's Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Accelerated filer

Smaller reporting company

☐

☐

20-0723270

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

89113

(Zip Code)

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC.

## ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

## PART I

| Item 1.  Business.  6  Item 1A.  Risk Factors.  21  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.  34  Item 2.  Properties.  34  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.  34  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  33  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  35  Item 6.  Reserved.  36  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  37  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  51  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  53  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  97  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.  98  Item 9B.  Other Information.  98  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.  98  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance.  100  Item 11.  Executive Compensation.  100  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters.  100  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  100  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services .  100  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  101  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  107  SIGNATURES  108   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In this filing, we refer to: (i) our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as our 'Financial Statements,' (ii) our audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) as our 'Statements of Operations,' (iii) our audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as our 'Balance  Sheets,'  and  (iv)  Item  7.  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of  Operations  as  our  'Results  of Operations.'

## CAUTIONARY INFORMATION REGARDING

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Everi Holdings Inc. ('Everi Holdings' or 'Everi') is a holding company, the assets of which are the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each of Everi Payments Inc. ('Everi FinTech' or 'FinTech') and Everi Games Holding Inc., which owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of  Everi Games Inc. ('Everi Games' or 'Games'). Unless otherwise indicated, the terms the 'Company,' 'we,' 'us,' and 'our' refer to Everi Holdings together with its consolidated subsidiaries.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K ('Annual Report') contains 'forward-looking' statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,  as  amended  (the  'Securities  Act'),  Section  21E  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as amended  (the  'Exchange  Act'),  and  the  Private Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act  of  1995,  as  do  other  materials  or  oral  statements  we  release  to  the  public.  Forward-looking  statements  are  neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance, but instead are based only on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions regarding the future of our business, plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy, and other future conditions, as of the date on which this report is filed. Forward-looking statements often, but do not always, contain words such as 'expect,' 'anticipate,' 'aim to,' 'designed to,' 'intend,' 'plan,'  'believe,'  'goal,'  'target,'  'future,'  'assume,'  'estimate,'  'indication,'  'seek,'  'project,'  'may,'  'can,'  'could,'  'should,'  'favorably  positioned,'  or 'will' and other words and terms of similar meaning.

Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, and changes in circumstances that are often difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, statements regarding: trends, developments, and uncertainties impacting our business, including our ability  to  withstand:  global  supply chain disruption; changes in global market, business and regulatory conditions arising as a result of the COVID-19 global  pandemic,  including  any  related  public  health  confidence  and  availability  of  discretionary  spending  income  of  casino  patrons  as  well  as expectations for the re-opening of casinos; product innovations that address customer needs in a new and evolving operating environment; to regain or maintain revenue, earnings, and cash flow momentum, and to enhance shareholder value in the long-term; trends in gaming establishment and patron usage of our products; benefits realized by using our products and services; benefits and/or costs associated with mergers, acquisitions, and/or strategic alliances; product development, including the release of new game features, additional games, and system releases in the future; regulatory approvals; gaming  and  financial  regulatory  and  legal,  card  association,  and  statutory  compliance  and  changes;  the  implementation  of  new  or  amended  card association and payment network rules or interpretations; consumer collection activities; competition (including consolidations); tax liabilities; goodwill impairment  charges;  international  expansion;  resolution  of  litigation  or  government  investigations;  our  dividend  policy;  new  customer  contracts  and contract renewals; financial performance and results of operations (including revenue, expenses, margins, earnings, cash flow, and capital expenditures); interest rates and interest expense; borrowings and debt repayments; and equity incentive activity and compensation expense.

Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in forward-looking statements, and important factors that could cause them to do so include, but are not limited to, the following:

- our ability to generate profits in the future and to create incremental value for shareholders;
- our  ability  to  execute  on  mergers,  acquisitions,  and/or  strategic  alliances,  including  our  ability  to  integrate  and  operate  such  acquisitions  or alliances consistent with our forecasts in order to achieve future growth;
- our ability to execute on key initiatives and deliver ongoing improvements;
- expectations regarding growth for the Company's installed base and daily win per unit;
- expectations regarding placement fee arrangements;
- inaccuracies in underlying operating assumptions;
- the  impact  of  the  ongoing  Coronavirus  Disease  2019  ('COVID-19')  global  pandemic  on  our  business,  operations  and  financial  condition, including (i) actions taken by international, federal, state, tribal and municipal governmental and

regulatory  agencies  to  contain  the  COVID-19  public  health  emergency  or  mitigate  its  impact,  (ii)  the  direct  and  indirect  economic  effects  of COVID-19  and  measures  to  contain  it,  including  directives,  orders  or  similar  actions  by  international,  federal,  state,  tribal  and  municipal governmental and regulatory agencies to regulate freedom of movement and business operations such as travel restrictions, border closures, business closures, limitations on public gatherings, quarantines and shelter-in-place orders as well as re-opening safety protocols;

- changes in global market, business, and regulatory conditions arising as a result of the COVID-19 global pandemic;
- our history of net losses and our ability to generate profits in the future;
- our leverage and the related covenants that restrict our operations;
- our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, fund working capital, and capital expenditures;
- our ability to withstand unanticipated impacts of a pandemic outbreak of uncertain duration;
- our ability to withstand the loss of revenue during the closure of our customers' facilities;
- our ability to maintain our current customers;
- expectations regarding customers' preferences and demands for future product and service offerings;
- the overall growth of the gaming industry, if any;
- our ability to replace revenue associated with terminated contracts;
- margin degradation from contract renewals; our ability to comply with the Europay, MasterCard, and Visa global standard for cards equipped with security chip technology;
- our ability to successfully introduce new products and services, including third-party licensed content;
- gaming establishment and patron preferences; failure to control product development costs and create successful new products;
- anticipated sales performance;
- our ability to prevent, mitigate, or timely recover from cybersecurity breaches, attacks, and compromises;
- national and international economic and industry conditions;
- changes in gaming regulatory, card association, and statutory requirements;
- regulatory and licensing difficulties, competitive pressures and changes in the competitive environment;
- operational limitations;
- gaming market contraction;
- changes to tax laws;
- uncertainty of litigation outcomes;
- interest rate fluctuations;
- business prospects;
- unanticipated expenses or capital needs; technological obsolescence and our ability to adapt to evolving technologies;
- our ability to comply with our debt covenants and service outstanding debt;
- employee turnover;
- our ability to comply with regulatory requirements under the Payment Card Industry ('PCI') Data Security Standards and maintain our certified status; and
- those  other  risks  and  uncertainties  discussed  in  'Item  7.  Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of Operations' and 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' of this Annual Report.

We undertake no obligation to update or publicly revise any forward-looking statement s as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC').

## Item 1.  Business.

## Overview

Everi is a leading supplier of imaginative entertainment and trusted technology solutions for the casino and digital gaming industry. Everi's mission is to lead the gaming industry through the power of people, imagination and technology. Focused on player engagement and assisting our casino customers operate more efficiently, the Company develops entertaining game content and gaming machines, gaming systems and services for land-based and iGaming operators. The Company is also a preeminent and comprehensive provider of trusted financial technology solutions that power the casino floor while improving operational efficiencies and fulfilling regulatory compliance requirements, including products and services that facilitate convenient and secure cash and cashless financial transactions, self-service player loyalty tools and applications, and regulatory and intelligence software.

Everi  reports  its  financial  performance,  and  organizes  and  manages  its  operations,  across  the  following  two  business  segments:  (i)  Games;  and  (ii) Financial Technology Solutions ('FinTech').

Everi  Games primarily provides gaming operators with gaming technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) gaming machines, primarily  comprising Class II and Class III slot machines placed under participation or fixed-fee lease arrangements or sold to casino customers; (ii) providing  and  maintaining  the  central  determinant  systems  for  the  video  lottery  terminals  ('VLTs')  installed  in  the  State  of  New  York  and  similar technology in certain tribal jurisdictions; and (iii) business-to-business ('B2B') digital online gaming activities.

Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology products and services, including: (i) financial access and related services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels; (ii) loyalty and marketing software and tools, regulatory and compliance ('RegTech') software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services. Our services operate as part of an end-to-end security suite  to  protect  against  cyber-related  attacks  and  maintain  the  necessary  secured  environments  to  maintain  compliance  with  applicable  regulatory requirements. These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine ('ATM') debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and point of sale ('POS') debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub  Wallet,  check  warranty  services,  self-service  ATMs  and  fully  integrated  kiosk  and  maintenance  services;  self-service  loyalty  tools  and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings.

With respect to our FinTech business, we have made the following updates to certain of our financial statement descriptions, where applicable: (i) 'Cash access  services'  has  become  'Financial  access  services';  (ii)  'ATM'  has  been  renamed  'Funds  dispensed';  (iii)  'Equipment'  has  been  changed  to 'Hardware'; and (iv) 'Information services and other' has been revised to 'Software and other.' These naming convention changes better represent how our business has evolved.

For  additional  information  on  our  segments  and  the  revenues  generated  by  our  products  and  services  see 'Item  7.  Management's  Discussion  and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations'  and 'Note 18 - Segment Information' included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

## Impact of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 ('COVID-19') Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, temporarily lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility in the financial markets, increased unemployment levels, and caused temporary, and in certain cases, permanent closures of many businesses. The initial impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have begun to subside with certain aspects of the global economy, equity market valuations,  and  increased  unemployment  levels  showing  signs  of  recovery.  The  gaming  industry  was  not  immune  to  these  factors  as  our  casino customers closed their gaming establishments in the first quarter of 2020, with many beginning to reopen their operations over the remainder of 2020 and throughout 2021. As a result, our operations experienced significant disruptions in the first three quarters of 2020. At the immediate onset of the COVID19 pandemic, we were affected by various measures, including, but not limited to: the institution of social distancing and sheltering-in-place requirements in many states and communities where we operate, which significantly impacted demand for our products and services, and resulted in office closures, the furlough of a majority of our employees, the implementation of temporary base salary reductions for our employees and the implementation of a workfrom-home policy.

## PART I

Since the onset of COVID-19, we have implemented measures to mitigate our exposure throughout the global pandemic. While there may be further uncertainty facing our customers as a result of COVID-19, we continue to evaluate our business strategies and the impacts of the global pandemic on our results of operations and financial condition and make business decisions to mitigate further risk. While gaming industry conditions improved significantly in 2021 compared to 2020, it is unclear if the customer volumes experienced will continue to exceed pre-COVID levels. Resurgences of COVID-19 and its variants could result in reduced patron demand for gaming and could also result in new closures of casinos by the various governmental and regulatory agencies overseeing our customers, or even by the casino operators themselves, in an effort to contain the COVID-19 global pandemic or mitigate its impact and the effect of vaccines on these matters.

As of December 31, 2021, excluding the few casinos that have permanently closed, there are only a minimal number of customer sites, located primarily in Canada and other international markets, whose operations still remain closed. Our revenues, cash flows, and liquidity for the fourth quarter of 2021 exceeded  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020,  which  were  significantly  impacted  by  the  effects  of  COVID-19.  At  the  onset  of  the  pandemic,  our  customers implemented  protocols  intended  to  protect  their  patrons  and  guests  from  potential  COVID-19  exposure  and  re-establish  customer  confidence  in  the gaming  and  hospitality  industry.  These  measures  included  enhanced  sanitization,  limitations  on  public  gathering  and  casino  capacity,  patron  social distancing requirements, and limitations on casino operations and amenities, which have limited the number of patrons that are able or who desire to attend these venues. This has also impacted the pace at which demand for our products and services rebounds.

With various limitations still in effect, we expect that demand and supply for our products and services may be tempered in the short-term, to the extent gaming activity decreases at our customers' locations, or fails to increase at expected rates, and to the extent our customers decide to continue to restrict their capital spending as a result of uncertainty in the industry, or that supply chain disruptions might impact customer deliveries, or otherwise. As a result, we continue to monitor and manage liquidity levels, and we may, from time to time, evaluate available capital resource alternatives on acceptable terms to provide additional financial flexibility.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic also exacerbates the risks disclosed in this Annual Report including, but not limited to: our ability to comply with the terms of our indebtedness; our ability to generate revenues, earn profits and maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to service existing and attract new customers and maintain our overall competitiveness in the market; the potential for significant fluctuations in demand for our products and services; overall  trends  in  the  gaming  industry  impacting  our  business;  and  potential  volatility  in  our  stock  price,  among  other  concerns  such  as  cybersecurity exposure.

For more information about the operational and financial impacts of COVID-19 on our results of operations and liquidity, refer to 'Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.'

## Our Products and Services

## Everi Games

Our products and services include electronic gaming devices, such as Native American Class II offerings and other electronic bingo products, Class III slot machine offerings, VLTs, B2B digital online gaming activities, accounting and central determinant systems, and other back office systems. We conduct our Games segment business based on results generated from the following major revenue streams: (i) Gaming Operations; (ii) Gaming Equipment and Systems; and (iii) Gaming Other.

## Gaming Operations

With respect to our Gaming operations revenue stream, we primarily provide: (i) leased gaming equipment, both Class II and Class III offerings, on a revenue  participation  or  a  daily  fixed-fee  basis,  including  standard  games  and  hardware  and  premium  games  and  hardware,  inclusive  of  local-area progressive, wide-area progressive ('WAP'); (ii) accounting and central determinant systems; and (iii) digital online gaming activities.

In  connection with our leased gaming equipment, we retain ownership of the machines installed at customer facilities. We receive recurring revenue based on a percentage of the daily win per unit (i.e., cash/coin-in less patron win and jackpots paid) generated by the leased gaming equipment, a percentage of the total cash/coin-in, a daily fixed-fee based upon the number of gaming machines placed or a combination of these methods. We expect to continue to (i) increase our investment in research and development in order to innovate and introduce new gaming hardware and theme content; (ii) expand our offering of new standard and premium game hardware and theme content; and (iii) extend and expand our game placements into new gaming markets  and  additional  jurisdictions.  From  our  historical  focus  on  game  placements  in  the  Oklahoma  tribal  market,  Everi  Games  has  diversified  its installed base in recent years with entry into additional commercial and tribal markets. As of December 31,

2021, approximately 10,394 units, or 61.5% of the total installed base, was outside of the Oklahoma tribal market. Additionally, Everi Games has grown its premium game installations, with approximately 7,840 units installed (representing approximately 46.4% of our total installed base as of December 31, 2021).

In connection with our WAP offering, machines placed under such arrangements fall into the premium leased gaming equipment category and we retain ownership of such machines. Currently spanning four product lines, our WAP is offered to customers on the Player Classic , Core HDX, Empire MPX, and Empire DCX cabinets.

Gaming  operations  also  include  revenues  generated  under  our  arrangement  to  provide  the  New  York  State  Gaming  Commission  with  a  central determinant, monitoring, and accounting system for the VLTs in operation at licensed State of New York gaming facilities. In November 2019, a new agreement between Everi Games and the New York State Gaming Commission was approved and became effective on January 1, 2020. Under this agreement, Everi Games will provide and maintain the central determinant system for the New York Lottery through December 2029. As of December 31, 2021, there were approximately 17,000 VLTs connected to our central determinant system for the New York Lottery. Pursuant to our agreement with the New York State Gaming Commission, we receive a portion of the network-wide net win (generally, cash-in less prizes paid per day) in exchange for provision and maintenance of the central determinant system. We also provide the central determinant system technology to Native American tribes in other licensed jurisdictions, for which we receive a portion of the revenue generated from the VLTs that are connected to the system.

In connection with our digital online gaming activities, Everi provides our games to business customers, including both regulated real money and social casinos, which offer the games to consumers through their online gaming platforms. Everi has developed its own remote gaming server ('RGS') that allows us to deliver a selection of games from our extensive library of land-based content to our digital customers in a manner that allows for the game play features and functionality to operate in a manner similar to how these games were designed for our land based customers. This RGS library contains casino-themed games available for real money gaming ('RMG') that are offered to regulated online casinos that operate in the RMG regulated markets, and social games that are offered to our business customers that operate play-for-fun social casinos on their mobile apps and web sites. We enter into revenue share agreements with these online business customers.

## Gaming Equipment and Systems

Gaming equipment and systems revenues are derived from  the  sale  of  some  combination  of:  (i)  gaming  equipment  and  player  terminals;  (ii)  game content; (iii) license fees; and (iv) ancillary equipment, such as signage and lighting packages.

## Gaming Other

Gaming other revenues are generated from fees paid by casino customers that participate in our TournEvent of Champions ® national slot tournament or who contract  with us to provide certain service functions on games that are owned by the customer. Casinos, in partnership with Everi, host local and regional slot tournaments throughout the year, for which winners of these events participate in a national tournament that results in the determination of an  ultimate  champion.  We  did  not  conduct  these  tournaments  throughout  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020  as  a  direct  result  of  the circumstances surrounding the global pandemic.

## Games Products

Our Games products include mechanical and video reel games in both Class II and Class III configurations and are offered in a variety of differentiated cabinets:

Classic Mechanical Reel Games .  Our  full  range  of  classic  mechanical  reel  games  provides  players  with  a  traditional,  high  denomination  slot  gaming experience.

- Player  Classic:  These  games  leverage  our  long-standing  experience  in  building  enduring  brands,  such  as Black  Diamond and Wild  Wild Gems , and feature a unique perspective on traditional slot games with eye-catching features, such as Cash Machine ™, a three-reel, one-line mechanical slot game that offers 'win what you see' gameplay. ® ®
- Skyline: These games utilize common recognizable light sequencing in the top box in sync with specific game themes such as Double Jackpot Gems and Triple Double Patriot along with licensed game themes such as Casper and Smokin' Hot Stuff.
- Skyline Revolve: Our premium linked products such as Cash Machine Jackpots and Gold Standard Jackpots builds upon the skyline cabinet and also includes a mechanical wheel top box and merchandising options for casino operators that can include overhead signage, and wedge kits.

Video  Reel  Games .  We  offer  a  growing  range  of  dual-screen  and  portrait  single-screen  video  reel  games  that  provide  entertaining  slot  gaming experience. Below is a list of our video gaming cabinets and select games on these platforms.

- Empire 5527. The Empire 5527 cabinet features a portrait-oriented 55-inch upper display and a landscape-oriented 27-inch lower display, gamecontrolled lighting on the base-game display, and a high-quality sound system. The cabinet is also designed to occupy less space on the casino floor, allowing for more flexible configurations. The Empire 5527 includes the high-performing licensed game Smokin' Hot Stuff Wicked Wheel . We expanded the Empire 5527 into a banked product called Empire Arena ™ that offers flexibility in banking configurations for casino operators, with three units and up to a total of eight units. The product is currently supported by successful game themes Discovery Channel's Shark Week ,  which launched in October 2018, The Vault ™, which launched in October 2019, along with several follow ups such as Jackpot Falls. These titles offer base games as well as competitive community-style bank-wide bonus features. ® ®
- Empire Flex .  The Empire Flex cabinet, released in December 2019, is the latest video cabinet that is part of the Empire Cabinet Series. The cabinet features a 49-inch flexed monitor capable of supporting 4K content, an enlarged glass button deck, and curved LED light bars that are available in standard or extended options. The cabinet officially launched with two games that are part of the Wicked Wheel ™ Series.
- Empire DCX .  The Empire DCX is  a  premium video cabinet that features dual curved 43-inch displays that support 4K content with integrated edge lighting,  premium 4.1 surround sound, and enhanced game-controlled lighting. The cabinet is available exclusively with licensed brand game themes having launched with The Mask slot game, which is based on New Line Cinema's 1994 hit comedy. ®

TournEvent ®. Our slot tournament terminals and system allow gaming operators to switch from in-revenue gaming to out-of-revenue tournaments and to design  and  build  a  variety  of  flexible  tournament  formats,  such  as  individual  or  team  tournament  play,  session  or  round  winner  advancement,  and cumulative or maximum scoring, including providing bonus opportunities in tournament games that improve scores or automatically move a player to first place.  We  introduced TournEvent ® 6.0  in  late  2019  with  several  new  system  enhancements,  including  the TournEvent Now ™ feature that  enables operators to offer on-the-fly tournaments via their player tracking system. Casino operators can move large numbers of players through the first round of tournaments on the player's time, at the player's pace, and then host a traditional final round for top-scoring players.

## Everi FinTech

Our FinTech products and services include solutions that we offer to gaming establishments to provide their patrons with financial access and fundsbased services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels along with related loyalty and marketing tools, and other information-related products and services. In addition, we provide an end-to-end security suite to protect against an application and  cyber-related  attack  and  maintain  the  necessary  secured  environments  to  maintain  compliance  with  applicable  regulatory  requirements.  These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via ATM debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and POS debit card purchase at casino cage, kiosk and mobile POS devices; the CashClub Wallet, check warranty services, self-service ATM's and fully integrated kiosk and maintenance services; self-service loyalty tools and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings. We conduct our FinTech segment business based on results generated from the following major revenue streams: (i) Financial Access Services; (ii) Software and Other; and (iii) Hardware.

## Financial Access Services

In connection with our Financial Access Services, we offer the following:

Funds Dispensed .  Funds dispensed transactions represent the largest category of electronic payment transactions that we process, as measured by dollars processed and transaction volume. In a funds dispensed transaction, a patron directly accesses funds from either a standalone ATM or a device enabled with our funds dispensing service by using a debit card to withdraw funds from the patron's demand deposit account, or using a credit card to access the patron's line of credit. In either event, the patron must use the personal identification number ('PIN') associated with such card. Our processor then routes the transaction request through an electronic funds transfer ('EFT') network to the patron's bank or card issuer, as applicable.

Depending on several factors, including the patron's account balance or credit limit and daily withdrawal limit (which limits are set by the card issuer), the card issuer will either authorize or decline the transaction. If the transaction is authorized, then the funds dispensing-enabled device dispenses the cash to the patron. For a transaction using a debit card, the patron's demand deposit account is debited by the amount of cash disbursed plus a service fee that we assess the patron for the use of the funds dispensing service. For a transaction using a credit card with a PIN, the patron's credit card account is charged by the amount of the cash disbursed plus service fees assessed by the Company and by the card issuer for the use of the funds dispensing service. In both cases, our service fee is currently a fixed dollar amount and not a percentage of the transaction size. We also receive a fee from the card issuer, which we refer to as interchange reimbursement fee, for accommodating the card issuer's customer (the patron). In most circumstances, we pay a percentage of the service fee received from the patron and, in many circumstances, a portion of the interchange reimbursement fees received from the card issuer, as a commission to our gaming establishment customers for the right to operate on their premises.

Credit  Card  Financial  Access  Transactions  and  POS  Debit  Card  Financial  Access  Transactions .  Patrons  can  perform  credit  card  financial  access transactions and POS debit card financial access transactions using many of our enabled devices. A patron's credit card financial access limit is usually a sub-limit of the total credit line and is set by the card issuer, not Everi FinTech. These limits vary significantly and can be larger or smaller than the POS debit financial access limit. A credit card financial access transaction obligates the patron to repay the card issuer over time on terms that are preset by the cardholder agreement. A patron's POS debit card allows the patron to make cash withdrawals at the POS-enabled device in an amount equal to the lesser of the amount of funds in the account, or a daily limit that is generally five to ten times as large as the patron's daily ATM limit.

When a patron requests either a credit card or POS debit card financial access transaction, our processor routes the transaction request through one of the card associations, or EFT networks, to the card issuer. Depending upon several factors, such as the available credit or bank account balance, the transaction is either authorized or declined by the card issuer. If authorized, the patron's bank account is debited or the patron's credit card balance is increased, in both cases, by an amount equal to the funds requested plus our service fee. Our service fee is a fixed dollar amount, a percentage of the transaction size, or a combination of a fixed dollar amount and percentage of the transaction size. If the transaction is authorized, the device informs the patron  that  the  transaction  has  been  approved.  The  device  then  further  instructs  the  patron  to  proceed  to  the  gaming  establishment's  cashier  cage ('financial  services  center'),  to  complete  the  transaction,  because  both  credit  card  and  POS  debit  card  financial  access  transactions  must,  in  most circumstances, be completed in a face-to-face environment and a unique signature received in order to comply with rules of the card associations. We receive the transaction amount and the service fee from the card issuer, and we reimburse the gaming establishment for the cash amount that it provided to the patron, and in addition, will pay the gaming establishment a portion of the service fee we collected as a commission for the right to operate on its premises. We are also obligated to pay interchange fees to the card issuer and processing costs related to the electronic payment transaction to card associations.

Check Warranty Services . Everi provides a check warranty service that allows gaming establishments to accept personal and/or payroll checks without the risk of default. When a patron presents a check to the cashier at a gaming establishment, the check and patron information is sent through Everi's system to our third-party partner. The partner evaluates the information and returns to the cashier a warranty limit that a check or multiple checks can be cashed for on that business day. The partner may also return a decline code telling the cashier not to accept the check.

For a gaming establishment that subscribes to the check warranty service, Everi will warranty any dishonored check that was approved, eliminating any risk for the gaming establishment. Everi's partner facilitates and manages the check processing, deposits, redeposits, and collections for any checks.

On our behalf, our third-party provider charges our customers a fee for the check warranty services, which is typically a percentage of the face amount of the check being warranted. In such circumstances, we receive the check warranty revenue associated with the fees we charge our customers for the initial check warranty services. We are exposed to risk for the losses associated with warranted checks that cannot be collected from patrons issuing the items. Warranty expenses are defined as any amounts paid by the third-party provider to gaming establishments to purchase dishonored checks that will not be collectible from patrons. We also pay certain fees and expenses to our third-party provider in connection with the provision of such services.

CashClub® is  a  software  payments  platform  that  provides  gaming  establishments  with  a  personal  computer  workstation  software  user  interface  and point-of-sale terminal that streamlines credit and debit card financial access transaction processing and check warranty transactions for casino patrons. It allows for electronic signature capture and dynamic currency conversion. It also interfaces with our Everi Compliance solutions (defined below) to assist casino operators with meeting regulatory requirements under Title 31 of the Bank Secrecy Act.

CashClub Wallet® is a digital payments platform for gaming establishments to offer their patrons a digital cashless method to fund their entertainment experience, including funding at the gaming device, payments at point of sale for retail, online, hotel and food/beverage, igaming, and sports wagering. The wallet allows patrons various funding options including credit card financial access transactions and POS debit card financial access transactions, Automated  Clearing  House,  and  E-Check  check  warranty.  It  also  interfaces  with  our  Everi  Compliance  solutions  (defined  below)  to  assist  casino operators with meeting regulatory requirements under Title 31 of the Bank Secrecy Act. The wallet also has capabilities to integrate with our Loyalty platform including our Enrollment and Promotional kiosks.

## Software and Other

JackpotXpress is a full-featured jackpot payout and tax form management and filing platform that allows casino personnel to work through the complex jackpot process using a mobile tablet or kiosk. JackpotXpress allows gaming operators to reduce jackpot payout wait times, increase slot play, eliminate manually  filling  out  cumbersome  paper  documents,  and  perform  'know  your  customer'  checks.  It  is  fully  integrated  with  our Everi  Compliance , CageXchange ,  and JackpotXchange products.  In  addition  to  making  jackpot  operations  more  efficient, JackpotXpress also  helps  operators  increase customer engagement which leads to improved loyalty and service.

Loyalty Platform provides a software platform that enables gaming operators to adopt and deliver new promotional strategies to attract, engage, reward and retain their patrons. Gaming operators utilize the platform to deliver content and promotions on kiosks, tablets, and mobile devices. The software platform integrates with other casino applications to engage with patrons in a more relevant and personalized fashion. We provide the operators with a control  panel  to  assist  with  the  planning,  personalization,  and  optimization  of  delivering  messages  and  content  via  interactions  within  our  platform depending on patron's value to the casino. This allows our customers to unify the patron experience across all touchpoints within the casino and replaces outdated promotional and enrollment tactics by utilizing our content for promotions, drawings, targeted alerts, card signups, reprints, and geo-fencing. By providing a comprehensive set of integrated applications within our platform, we offer gaming operators the ease of use and simplicity to interact with their patrons. Additionally, our loyalty platform is integrated with other Everi applications for financial access and compliance tools.

Maintenance provides  various  levels  of  support  and  maintenance  services  for  our  fully  integrated  kiosks,  loyalty  kiosks,  and  related  equipment.  Our support  operations,  field  service,  and  customer  engagement  teams  provide  quarterly  and  annual  preventative  maintenance  on  these  products  and software systems to help maximize the efficiency of our products.

Everi Compliance is a leading AML management tool for the gaming industry. Everi Compliance encompasses many elements including filing Suspicious Activity Reports ('SARs') and Currency Transaction Reports ('CTRs'), and assisting our customers in performing Know Your Customer ('KYC') activities. Everi Compliance automates much of the manual processes gaming establishments employ to be compliant with those requirements, thus saving time, improving accuracy, and allowing operators to manage their compliance programs much more efficiently. In addition, Everi Compliance gives operators the ability to enter Multiple Transaction Log and Negotiable Instrument Log transactions, file FinCEN reports electronically, conduct transaction analysis, complete compliance audits, and review reports.

Central Credit is our gaming patron credit bureau service which, on a subscription basis, allows gaming establishments to improve their credit-granting decisions by obtaining access to a database containing credit information and transaction data on millions of gaming patrons. Our gaming credit reports comprise information recorded from patron credit histories at hundreds of gaming establishments. We provide such information to gaming establishments that subscribe to the service. These establishments then use that data, among other things, to determine how much credit, if any, they will grant to a gaming patron. We typically charge our customers for access to gaming patron credit reports on a monthly basis and our fees are generally comprised of a fixed minimum amount plus per-transaction charges for certain requests.

## Hardware

Fully Integrated Kiosks are a complete line of products that provide multiple functions to gaming operators on their casino floors. This includes financial access functionality that enables funds dispensed cash withdrawals, POS debit card and credit card financial access transactions directly or by using our patented 'Seamless Transition' technology, which is the Europay, MasterCard, and Visa global standard for cards equipped with security chip technology ('EMV') corollary of our 3-in-1 Rollover functionality. The kiosks also provide functionality to perform check cashing transactions, slot machine ticket redemption, bill breaking, slot ticket purchase from a debit card, and loyalty program access, as well as integration with mobile and wallet technology. The availability of our financial access platform on these slot ticket redemption devices provides us with additional points of contact with gaming patrons at locations that are typically closer to gaming devices than traditional financial access devices that are generally located on the periphery of the gaming area and also provides gaming patrons with more opportunities to access their cash with less cashier involvement.

Other  Integrated  Kiosk  Solutions provide  casinos  with  more  efficient  and  streamlined  methods  for  cash  handling  and  transaction  processing.  These products are designed to be integrated with our financial access products and cage compliance software ensuring compliance with anti-money laundering regulations, and provide an automated way to process common tax forms, such as the Internal Revenue Service Form W-2G or Form 1042-S. In addition, we offer hardware in the form of standalone, non-funds dispensing terminals that perform authorizations for credit card financial access and POS debit card financial access transactions. Our kiosk solutions include the following products:

- JackpotXchange family of kiosks, JXC 4.0 , and JXC-L , enable casino personnel to efficiently access funds to pay winning slot machine jackpots to their patrons. These kiosks are integrated with all major slot accounting systems to offer jackpot processing and payout in a combination of cash or slot tickets. These kiosks offer gaming operators the ability to reduce workload for cage operations and slot personnel.
- CageXchange is a cash dispensing device that helps streamline casino cage operations. With CageXchange , cash is securely vaulted, creating increased  security  while  also  reducing  cash  shrinkage  and  helping  to  improve  cashier  accuracy.  Additional  efficiencies  are  achieved  from accelerating the process of cage cashiers obtaining money from the vault. CageXchange is  integrated  with CashClub® to  create  an  efficient transaction for casino patrons.
- Our Cash Recycling Solutions allow  casinos  to  fully  automate  the  check  in  and  check  out  process  of  money,  saving  time  and  expense.  As gaming establishments vary in size and complexity, these Cash Recycling Solutions support a number of diverse operations such as retail, food and beverage, entertainment, and gaming operations.

Loyalty Kiosk and Related Equipment provide gaming operators with self-service loyalty enrollment, player card issuance, and marketing equipment that manages and delivers a gaming operator's marketing programs through the patron interfaces. This loyalty-related equipment allows the customer to utilize and interact with the loyalty platform as the central hub for all of the marketing offerings.

- Enrollment Kiosk is a self-service kiosk that allows casino patrons to either sign up for an initial loyalty card or print a replacement card. These kiosks provide an enhanced level of customer service when the club desk is busy or closed by creating patron self-service locations throughout the  casino  floor  without  costly  infrastructure  or  additional  overhead  costs.  Such  kiosks  also  assist  with  updating  contact  information  of  card holders and to verify email or phone contact with a two-step verification process.
- Promotional Kiosk is a kiosk that engages casino patrons with the casino's loyalty programs, unifying patron service functions into a simple selfservice  solution.  With  a  range  of  promotions  and  offers,  the  kiosk  enables  the  customer  to  better  manage  their  marketing  efforts.  A  flexible interface  and  control  panel  functionality  enable  the  kiosk  to  be  responsive  to  customers'  changing  business  conditions  or  plans.  With  the drawings feature, multiple point to entry conversion ratios can be controlled by the hour, as well as scheduled prize earnings. Customized content is  shared  throughout  the  solution  with  property  amenities  that  include  menus,  photos,  and  video  content.  With  a  graphic-rich,  statisticallyoptimized, and exciting promotions catalog library of more than 300 games, critical assets for instant win, episodic board games, and earn and wins, customers' patrons can easily access differentiated content.

## Sales

As of December 31, 2021, we served more than  1,700 casinos and other gaming properties primarily in the United States and Canada, with additional customers in the United Kingdom, Europe, the Caribbean, Central America, and Asia.

In our Games and FinTech businesses, we sell and market our products and services primarily through the use of a direct sales force, which targets regulated gaming establishments in the United States, Canada, and in certain international markets. Our sales and marketing efforts are directed by a team of customer service executives, each of whom has business development responsibility for gaming establishments in specified geographic regions. These customer service executives direct their efforts at various gaming establishment personnel, including: senior executives, finance professionals, marketing staff, slot directors, and cashiers, and seek to educate them on the benefits of our products and services. In some cases, our customer service executives are supported by field service and customer engagement teams, who provide on-site customer service. In other cases, our sales executives directly maintain the customer relationships. These customer service executives and field service and customer engagement teams generally reside in the  vicinity  of  the  specific  gaming  establishments  they  support  to  provide  a  prompt  response  to  the  needs  of  those  gaming  establishments.  In  some situations, we also have joint sales efforts with a number of strategic partners, including independent sales organizations, which allow us to market our products and services to gaming establishments through channels other than our direct sales force.

## Markets

## Development Activities

We conduct research and development activities for both our Gaming and FinTech lines of business.

Our Games research and development activities are primarily to develop gaming systems, game engines, casino data management systems, central determination and other electronic bingo-outcome determination systems, video lottery outcome determination systems, gaming platforms and gaming content, and to enhance our existing product lines.

Our FinTech research and development activities are primarily to develop: (i) payments products, systems, and related capabilities including security, encryption, and business rule engines that deliver differentiated patron experiences and integrate with our other products; (ii) compliance products that increase efficiencies, profitability, enhance employee/patron relationships, and meet regulatory reporting requirements; and (iii) loyalty products, systems, and features that attract, engage, and retain patrons in more intuitive and contextual ways than our competition.

We  believe  our  ability  to  deliver  differentiated,  appealing  products  and  services  to  the  marketplace  is  based  on  our  research  and  development investments,  and  we  expect  to  continue  to  make  such  investments  in  the  future.  Research  and  development  costs  consist  primarily  of  salaries  and benefits, consulting fees, certification and testing fees. Once the technological feasibility has been established, the project is capitalized until it becomes available for general release.

## Competitive Conditions

With  respect  to  our  Games  business,  we  compete  across  different  gaming  markets  with  a  variety  of  gaming  technology  and  equipment  suppliers. Competition is generally based upon the: (i) amount of revenue our products generate for our customers relative to the amount of revenue generated by our competitors' products, which correlate directly to the appeal of these products to gaming patrons and (ii) prices and fees we and our competitors charge for products and services offered. To improve product attractiveness and drive customer demand, we work to develop a consistent pipeline of new game themes, game platforms, hardware cabinets, and systems that are expected to appeal to gaming patrons; obtain appropriate gaming regulatory approvals for such products; and offer these new products to the marketplace in a timely manner.

With respect to our FinTech business, we compete with other providers of financial access services to the gaming industry. Some of these other providers have established cooperative relationships with each other to expand their service offerings. We also face competition from: (i) other manufacturers that provide similar goods and services; (ii) independent sales organizations, which provide basic services often at aggressive pricing; and (iii) traditional transaction processors that have entered the gaming patron financial access services market. This competition amongst these various providers can result  in  pricing  pressure  and  margin  erosion  with  respect  to  our  core  financial  access  products  and  services.  In  addition  to  competing  with  various providers  of  financial  access  services,  FinTech  experiences  competition  from  either  those  same  providers  or  standalone  providers  of  anti-money laundering ('AML') compliance products and self-service kiosks for ticket and jackpot redemption.

## Resources

## Manufacturing

We have assembly facilities in Austin, Texas and Las Vegas, Nevada, where we assemble gaming machines and kiosk products, which comprise a variety of components, including cabinet hardware, computer assemblies, LCD screens, printers, bill validators and acceptors, power transformer and wiring harnesses. We believe that our sources of supply of component parts and raw materials for our products are generally adequate and we have few sole-sourced parts. We utilize contract manufacturers to produce the cabinet hardware that make up our gaming machines, kiosk products, and certain other sub-assemblies.

## Intellectual Property

We believe the ability to introduce and respond to technological innovation in the gaming industry will be an increasingly important qualification for the future success of any provider of financial access and gaming-related products and services. Our continued competitiveness will depend on: (i) the pace of our new product development; (ii) our patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret protection; and (iii) our relationships with customers. Our business development personnel work with gaming establishments, our technology and other strategic partners, and the suppliers of the financial services upon which our financial access services rely, to design and develop innovative products and services that appeal to gaming patrons.

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. The expiration dates of these patents vary and are based on their filing and issuances dates. We intend to continue to actively file for patent protection, when such filings are commercially reasonable, within and outside the United States. We also seek trademark protection for our names and products and have registered hundreds of trademarks in the United States and various foreign countries. Under permission or license agreements with third parties, we also sell gaming products covered by independently filed copyrights, trademarks, or patents. Typically, these contracts require us to pay royalties to the licensing party. Royalty expenses are included in the cost of gaming and systems in our Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to our patents, trademarks, and copyrights, we also rely on a broader scope of intellectual property including trade secrets, in-house know-how, and innovation.

## Human Capital

## Composition of our workforce

As of December 31, 2021, Everi employed approximately 1,550 people, a vast majority of which work in the United States. Approximately 652 people are employed within the Games segment and approximately 898 people are employed within the FinTech segment. None of our employees are party to a collective bargaining agreement and we have had no labor-related work stoppages.

## Culture of our workplace

In  2021,  we  took  a  fresh  look  at  our  mission  statement  and  made  improvements  to  better  align  our  employees'  collective  imagination,  talent,  and innovation with our Company's objectives. Everi's new mission is 'to lead the gaming industry through the power of people, imagination and technology'. This  statement  highlights  our  Company's  most  important  asset,  our  employees,  while  confirming  our  mission  to  offer  innovative  gaming,  financial technology, digital, and loyalty solutions.

At Everi, we are guided by our values of collaboration, integrity, inclusion, excellence, and fun. We (i) Harness the power of collaboration; (ii) Act with integrity; (iii) Value Everi-One; (iv) Exceed expectations and be bold. When we deliver on these values consistently, we H.A.V.E. (v) Fun. We live these values by investing in programs and implementing standards to promote ethical business conduct, diversity, sustainability, giving and volunteerism, and responsible gaming. These programs support our long-term business success while also empowering our team members.

Inspired by Author Simon Sinek's concept of the Golden Circle and the importance of identifying the 'WHY' behind your business, Everi has established a company 'WHY' Statement. As part of our continued growth and our desire  to  define  and  share  our  Company  'WHY'  statement  more  broadly,  we launched a new Company 'WHY' in 2021 that put our employees and their success front and center:

Elevate the Success of Everi Employee Everi Customer Everi Day!

## Diversity and Inclusion

At Everi, we embrace and live by one of our key Company values: Inclusion. We recognize that we can be at our best only when we embrace and reflect the diversity of our employees, customers, and the communities that we serve. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to maintaining a diverse  and  inclusive  work  environment.  Our  employees  are  to  be  treated  with  dignity  and  respect  in  an  environment  free  from  harassment  and discrimination regardless of race, color, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, or any other protected class.

The Company activates its commitment to diversity and inclusion by employing a multi-pronged strategy: (i) promoting a fun, friendly, and supportive environment; (ii) valuing inclusion as a top priority and expectation; (iii) focusing resources on recruiting and retaining qualified employees from diverse backgrounds;  and  (iv)  continuously  building  awareness  of  the  importance  and  benefits  that  diversity  and  inclusion  provide  to  our  Company  and employees. In 2021, Everi hired a new leader to oversee Diversity, Inclusion and Talent Management who is focused on building an inclusive workplace for our employees and seeking out and welcoming new talent.

We  require  mandatory  Company-wide  diversity  and  inclusion  training  to  cultivate  an  inclusive,  engaging,  and  respectful  workplace.  This  training addresses  some  of  the  biggest  challenges  to  advancing  inclusion  and  supporting  diversity  in  the  workplace,  such  as  unconscious  bias  and  microinequities. In addition, because hiring managers are faced with the critical responsibility of acknowledging and eliminating bias in the hiring process, we have developed manager training that establishes a foundational understanding of how bias affects decision-making, explores the impact of biases on the selection processes, and illustrates  the  benefits  of  eliminating  bias  in  hiring.  The  example  we  expect  our  employees  to  follow  comes  from  the  top,  as  demonstrated  by  our executive leadership team who also participated in training on inclusive leadership.

Everi is  also  working  to  increase  the  representation  of  women  in  our  workforce.  In  2017,  the  Company  launched  The  Women's Leadership Initiative (WLI), which seeks to develop and advance gender diversity and create new opportunities and a clearer path for advancement. The WLI is committed to promoting and advocating for gender diversity at all levels of leadership through awareness, training, development, and inspiration. Participants in the WLI engage and connect with other WLI members, Company employees and leaders, and diverse stakeholders in the gaming industry. WLI members also participate in educational programs such as 'lunch and learn' events with internal business leaders and training opportunities with experts outside the industry. The WLI leads the Company's mentorship program for U.S. employees, providing the benefit of advice and insights from Everi mentors to all mentees.

At Everi, we also take the time to acknowledge and celebrate the diverse heritage of our employees, customers, and communities. Throughout the year, the Company focuses on different heritage celebrations, holidays, and commemorations, and we connect with our employees to build awareness through educational webinars and guest lectures. We also engage with our communities by donating to charitable organizations that provide local support and services.

## Employee Engagement

Aligning with our values of Inclusion and Collaboration, we seek continuous dialogue with our employees about their experience at Everi. With more than 70%  of  our  employee  population  working  remotely,  maintaining  strong  employee  engagement  and  offering  methods  for  employee  input  are  more important than ever. We utilize several effective employee feedback mechanisms, including employee surveys, Company-wide email communications and  periodic  town  hall  meetings. These  tools  and  platforms  provide  important  Company  updates  from  leadership  but  also  moments  for  employee participation and involvement. Everi's leadership team directly addresses employee feedback provided through these mechanisms. In doing so, we strive to instill confidence that employee input leads to positive action. As a result of this responsiveness, we have seen an increase in employee participation in our employee surveys and an increase in positive scores.

Everi also participates in the 'Top Workplaces' program, benchmarking our employee experience against thousands of other organizations across the U.S. In 2021, the Company received four separate awards, reflecting the belief of our employees in the Company's direction, operations and future: Nevada Top Workplaces 2021; Greater Austin Top Workplaces 2021; a national Culture Excellence Award for Direction reflecting our employees' strong belief in our future and our strategy; as well as a national Culture Excellence Award for Remote Work for creating a desirable culture in a remote work environment.

## Employee Development and Training

We  provide  development  and  training  opportunities  for  our  employees  through  a  variety  of  means.  The  Company  offers  leadership  training  and development for all newly hired and promoted leaders, as well as a catalog of courses through our online learning platform. This catalog of courses is available  to  all  employees  and  includes  a  wide  variety  of  leadership  and  professional  development  topics,  such  as  conflict  management,  effective delegation, unconscious bias, effective recognition, coaching and delivering feedback. We believe in supporting each employee's journey, so we also offer training courses on soft skills such as emotional intelligence, email etiquette, and developing presence.

## Talent Acquisition and Diverse Recruiting

In 2021, the Recruitment Team implemented new tools to search for talent from a broader range of sources, knowing that many of the positions would be filled by individuals working remotely. These tools reduce geographic barriers in the talent acquisition process, yielding a larger talent pool to fill all roles, including  those  that  require  specific  skills  in  the  current  competitive  job  market.  We  also  continue  to  expand  our  Recruitment  Team  so  that  we  can effectively identify new talent for our growing business.

At Everi, we know that creativity and innovation spring from diverse backgrounds and perspectives. With the goals of expanding diverse talent in the workplace, we continue to utilize a blind resume screening process for initial applicants to review talent, experience, and qualifications without certain demographic information. We also look for ways to expand the talent pool and reach new candidates: A member of our Recruitment Team is dedicated to working with different educational institutions, professional associations, student organizations and other entities to provide information and assistance to their diverse students and job seekers, and to identify new candidates for our open positions.

## Employee Health and Wellness

Everi considers the health and safety of our employees to be of paramount importance. We have policies in place to monitor the working conditions of our employees and implement measures to protect their health, safety and well-being.

Our benefits are designed to recognize the diverse needs of our workforce. Our program provides competitive and comprehensive benefit options at a reasonable cost to our employees. Our benefits include an array of offerings, such as comprehensive medical, dental and wellness benefits, higher-thanaverage time off plans and paid holidays, a 401(k) retirement plan with a Company match, and financial wellness services. On an annual basis, we issue an employee benefits survey to gather feedback from our employees on our benefit offerings and use their input to make improvements.

Everi focuses on compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding workplace health and safety as well as emergency and disaster recovery for its operations. We continue to rely upon guidance from national health organizations related to the COVID-19 pandemic with the goal of protecting our employees from potential COVID-19 exposure. We continue to evolve Company protocols and procedures to align with the latest guidance; these include the use of face coverings, maintaining cleaning and disinfecting protocols, continuing daily wellness checks and temperature checks for all employees coming into our buildings, and tracking isolation and quarantine of employees.

## Seasonality

Our revenues and cash flows may fluctuate throughout the year driven by seasonality, among other factors. Historically, we have generally experienced higher operating income during the first half of a year and lower operating results during the second half of a year; however, such fluctuations do not have a material impact on our revenues and cash flows.

## Government Regulation

## General

We believe that we are in substantial compliance with the material gaming and financial institution laws applicable to our business. We have a diligent internal  compliance  program  governing  our  business  activities,  as  well  as  legal  requirements  generally  applicable  to  publicly  traded  companies.  The compliance program is directed on a day-to-day basis by our Chief Legal Officer, who also serves as Chief Compliance Officer. Legal advice is provided by attorneys from the Company's legal department and outside experts. The compliance program is overseen by the Corporate Compliance Committee, which includes a gaming law expert as an independent member. While complying with these regulations can require significant time and resources, we do not believe it results in costs that materially impact our earnings, capital expenditures, or competitive position. Despite our compliance efforts, we can give no assurance, however, that our business activities or the activities of our customers in the gaming industry will not be subject to any regulatory or legal enforcement proceedings in the future.

## Gaming Regulation

The gaming industry is highly regulated under legal systems that frequently evolve and change based on governmental public policies. Various aspects of our  business  are  subject  to  comprehensive  laws,  regulations,  and  ordinances  applicable  to  the  ownership,  management,  and  operation  of  gambling establishments,  manufacture  and  distribution  of  gaming  devices,  as  well  as  certain  financial  services  conducted  at  such  establishments.  The  stated policies  and  other  purposes  behind  such  laws,  regulations,  and  ordinances  are  generally  to:  (i)  secure  the  public's  trust  and  confidence  in  legalized gambling through a system of mandated regulation, internal controls, accounting practices, and operating procedures; and (ii) promote economic activity for the state, county, and local governments through revenue opportunities emanating from taxes, licensing fees, and other economic benefits arising out of gambling and related activities.

A description of the material regulations to which we are subject is set forth below.

Gaming Authorities . We are regulated by various city, county, state, provincial, federal, tribal, and foreign government agencies (collectively, 'Gaming Authorities') in the jurisdictions where we conduct business as either a: (i) manufacturer of gaming devices, in those jurisdictions where we manufacture gaming devices and systems; (ii) supplier of 'associated equipment,' in those jurisdictions where we sell and service fully integrated kiosks and other integrated kiosk solutions; and (iii) non-gaming supplier or vendor, in those jurisdictions where we provide financial access and Central Credit services only.  We  must  maintain  those  licenses,  registrations,  or  other  approvals  in  good  standing  to  continue  our  business.  Gaming  Authorities  have  broad discretion in determining whether to grant a license, registration, or other approval. Subject to complying with certain procedural requirements, Gaming Authorities may deny any application, or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability, qualification, or other approval for any cause deemed reasonable to them.

## Approvals, Licensing, and Suitability

The  process  of  obtaining  necessary  licenses,  registrations,  or  other  approvals  often  involves  substantial  disclosure  of  confidential  or  proprietary information about us and our officers, directors, key personnel and, in certain instances, beneficial owners of our debt or equity securities, and requires a determination by the regulators as to our suitability as a manufacturer, supplier, or vendor to gaming establishments. Authorities have broad discretion and may require any beneficial holder of our securities, regardless of the number of shares of common stock or amount of debt securities owned, to file an application, make personal or confidential disclosures, be investigated, and  be  subject  to  a  determination  of  suitability.  Many  jurisdictions  require  any  person  who  acquires  beneficial  ownership  of  more  than  a  certain percentage (most commonly 5%) of voting securities of a publicly-traded gaming company and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, to report the acquisition to Gaming Authorities, and Gaming Authorities may require such holders to apply for qualification or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for 'institutional investors' that hold a company's voting securities for investment purposes only.

## Product Approvals

Our gaming devices and certain other products and technologies must be certified or approved by Gaming Authorities in many jurisdictions where we conduct  business.  These  Gaming  Authorities  test  the  gaming  devices,  systems,  and  related  equipment  directly  or  through  an  independent  testing laboratory and may also require a field trial under the regulator's technical standards before allowing us to sell the product. Although we collaborate closely with the Gaming Authorities and independent testing laboratories, we cannot control whether our products will be approved or the length of time it will take to review our products for sale to third parties. Moreover, there are no guarantees that we will be successful in obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses, permits, and approvals; or in continuing to hold other necessary gaming licenses, permits, and approvals to conduct our businesses either as currently being conducted by us or to expand our businesses.

Our  Native  American  customers  are  regulated  by  the  National  Indian  Gaming  Commission  ('NIGC'),  which  was  established  by  the  Indian  Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 ('IGRA'). The NIGC has regulatory authority over certain aspects of Native American gaming and defines the boundaries of our dealings with the Native American marketplace and the level of regulatory authority to which these games are subject. IGRA establishes three classes of gaming, each with a different regulatory framework:

| Class  Type of Games  Regulatory Oversight  I  Social gaming for minimal prizes and traditional Native American  gaming.  Exclusive regulation and oversight by tribal governments.  II  Bingo (both in traditional and electronic form).  Regulation by tribal governments with NIGC oversight.  III  Casino style games (including slot machines, blackjack, craps,  and roulette).  Must be permitted by the state in which the tribe is located. The state  and the tribe must have negotiated a compact approved by NIGC, and  the  tribe  must  have  adopted  a  gaming  ordinance  approved  by  the  NIGC.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We provide our gaming devices and systems in both Class II and Class III markets.

Class III gaming on Native American tribal lands is usually subject to the negotiation of a compact between the tribe and the proximate state attendant to where the tribe intends to operate a gaming facility. These tribal-state compacts typically include provisions entitling the state to receive significant sums of money in exchange for the tribe's operation of Class III gaming. While tribal-state compacts are intended to document the agreement between the state and a tribe, these tribal-state compacts can be subject to disputes relative to permitted Class III gaming operations.

The Johnson Act . The Johnson Act, as amended by the federal Gambling Devices Act of 1962 (the 'Johnson Act'), requires that we register annually with the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice, and requires a wide variety of record keeping and equipment identification efforts on our part. Registration is required in order for us to sell, distribute, manufacture, transport, or receive gaming equipment, machines, or components across state lines. If we fail to comply with the requirements set forth under the Johnson Act, we could become subject to a variety of penalties, including, but not limited to, the seizure and forfeiture of equipment.

Internet  and  Online  Gaming  Regulation .  Several  states  have  passed  legislation  and  regulations  to  allow  certain  intra-state,  wager-based,  online casino,  or  lottery  games,  such  as  online  poker,  online  lottery,  lottery  ticket  purchases,  or  lottery  ticket  subscriptions.  To  date,  several  states  have authorized some form of Internet or online gaming or lottery activities. However, the legislative and regulatory framework governing these activities may continue to evolve in the future.

## Financial Services Regulation

Our FinTech business is also subject to a number of financial services regulations:

Durbin Amendment .  Rules promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, required as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the 'Dodd-Frank Act'), including the so-called Durbin

Amendment (the 'Durbin Amendment'), establish, among other things, standards for assessing whether debit card interchange fees received by certain debit  card  issuers  are  reasonable  and  proportional  to  the  costs  incurred  by  issuers  for  electronic  debit  transactions.  Debit  card  interchange  fees  are established by payment card networks and ultimately paid by merchants to debit card issuers for each debit transaction.

Anti-Money Laundering and Sanctions .  The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, other federal statutes, generally referred to as the Bank Secrecy Act, and implementing federal regulations require us to establish and maintain an anti-money laundering program. Our anti-money laundering program includes the  following:  internal  policies,  procedures,  and  controls  designed  to  identify  and  report  money  laundering,  a  designated  compliance  officer,  ongoing employee training programs, an independent audit function to test the program, and customer due diligence. In addition, the financial access services we provide are subject to record keeping and reporting obligations under the Bank Secrecy Act. Our gaming establishment customers are required to file a Suspicious Activity Report ('SAR') with the U.S. Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network to report any suspicious transactions relevant to a possible violation of law or regulation. We are also required to file a SAR in certain circumstances where we provide our financial access services directly to patrons through financial services centers that we staff and operate. To be reportable, such a transaction must meet criteria that are designed to identify the hiding or disguising of funds derived from illegal activities. Our gaming establishment customers, in situations where our financial access services are provided through gaming establishment cashier personnel, and we, in situations where we provide our financial access services through a financial services center, are required to file a Currency Transaction Report ('CTR') of each deposit, withdrawal, exchange of currency, or other payment or transfer by, through, or to us which involves a transaction in currency of more than $10,000 in a single day. Our CashClub® product can assist in identifying transactions that give rise to reporting obligations.

We also have a program designed to comply with applicable economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ('OFAC'). These sanctions are usually targeted against foreign countries, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, and those believed to be involved in the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Regulations generally require either the blocking of accounts or other property of specified entities or individuals, but they may also require the rejection of certain transactions involving specified entities or individuals. We maintain policies, procedures and other internal controls designed to comply with these sanctions programs.

Fund Transfers . Our POS debit card financial access transactions, credit card financial access transactions, and funds dispensing services are subject to  the  Electronic  Fund  Transfer  Act,  which  provides  cardholders  with  rights  with  respect  to  electronic  fund  transfers,  including  the  right  to  dispute unauthorized charges, charges that list the wrong date or amount, charges for goods and services that are not accepted or delivered as agreed, math errors, and charges for which a cardholder asks for an explanation or written proof of transaction along with a claimed error or request for clarification. We believe the necessary policies and procedures have been implemented throughout our organization in order to comply with the regulatory requirements for fund transfers.

State Money Transmission Laws .  Many states where we complete credit card financial access and POS debit card financial access transactions or offer our online payment processing solution require us to have a money transmitter license, typically issued by the state's Financial Institutions Division. These state laws subject us to, among other requirements, examinations by state regulatory agencies, reporting requirements, net worth and bonding requirements, and consumer disclosure requirements.

Credit Reporting . Our Central Credit gaming patron credit bureau services and check verification and warranty services are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting  Act  (the  'FCRA')  and  the  Fair  and  Accurate  Credit  Transactions  Act  of  2003  (the  'FACTA')  and  their  implementing  rules,  which  require consumer credit bureaus, such as Central Credit, to provide credit report information to businesses only for certain purposes and to otherwise safeguard credit report information, to disclose to consumers their credit report on request, and to permit consumers to dispute and correct inaccurate or incomplete information in their credit report. These laws and rules also govern the information that may be contained in a consumer credit report. We continue to implement policies and procedures as well as adapt our business practices in order to comply with these laws and regulations. In addition to federal regulations, our Central Credit gaming patron credit bureau services are subject to the state credit reporting regulations that impose similar requirements to the FCRA and the FACTA.

Debt Collection .  We  currently  outsource  most  of  our  debt  collection  efforts  to  third  parties.  However,  we  do  engage  in  debt  collection  to  collect  on chargebacks on our financial access products and unpaid balances for services performed for our check services, Central Credit services, compliance services, receivables relating to the sale and service of our fully integrated kiosks and other integrated kiosk solutions, and other amounts owing to us in connection with performing various services for our customers. All such collection practices may be subject to the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (the 'FDCPA'), which prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive debt collection practices, as well as consumer-debt-collection laws and regulations adopted by the various states.

Consumer Financial Services. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and other federal, state, and local law enforcement and regulatory agencies have  the  authority  to  regulate  consumer  financial  products.  These  agencies  have  broad  statutory  powers,  including  to  promulgate  rules,  issue interpretations, and take enforcement actions that may affect our business.

Privacy Regulations . Our collection of information from patrons who use our financial products and services, such as our financial access services, are subject  to  the  financial  information  privacy  protection  provisions  of  the  Gramm-Leach-Bliley  Act  of  1999  (the  'GLBA')  and  its  implementing  federal regulations. We gather, as permitted by law, non-public, personally-identifiable financial information from patrons who use our financial access services, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, bank and credit card account numbers, and transaction information. The GLBA requires us to safeguard and protect the privacy of such non-public personal information and also requires us to make disclosures to patrons regarding our privacy and information sharing policies and give patrons the opportunity to direct us not to disclose information about them to unaffiliated third parties in certain situations. We are  also  subject  to  state  privacy  regulations  which,  in  some  cases,  may  be  even  stricter  than  federal  law,  including  without  limitation,  the  California Consumer Privacy Act which became effective as of January 1, 2020. We continue to implement policies and programs as well as adapt our business practices in order to comply with federal and state privacy laws and regulations. In addition, we are subject to foreign data protection and privacy laws including, but not limited to, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective in May 2018 and requires companies to meet certain requirements regarding data privacy and security.

Funds Dispensed Operations . The Electronic Fund Transfer Act requires us to disclose certain notices regarding the fees that we charge for performing a funds dispensed transaction as well as to incorporate such notices on the ATM screens to notify patrons of such fees prior to completing a funds dispensed transaction. Our funds dispensed services are also subject to applicable state banking regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate ATMs which require, among other things, that we register with the state banking regulators as an operator of ATMs, that we provide gaming patrons with notices of the transaction fees assessed upon use of our ATMs, that our transaction fees do not exceed designated maximums, that we offer gaming patrons a means of resolving disputes with us, and that we comply with prescribed safety and security requirements. In addition, the ATMs we operate are subject to requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act, which in general require that ATMs be accessible to individuals with disabilities, such as visually-impaired persons.

Check Cashing . In jurisdictions in which we provide check cashing services, we are required to be licensed by the applicable state banking regulator to operate as a check casher. Some states also impose restrictions on this activity, such as limits on the amounts of service fees that may be imposed on the cashing of certain types of checks, requirements as to records that must be kept with respect to dishonored checks, and requirements as to the contents of receipts that must be delivered to gaming patrons at the time a check is cashed.

Network and Card Association Regulations .  In  addition to the governmental regulations described above, some of our services are also subject to rules promulgated by various payment networks, EFT networks, and card associations. For example, we must comply with the Payment Card Industry ('PCI') Data Security Standard. We have been designated as a compliant service provider under the PCI Data Security Standard. We must be certified to maintain our status as a compliant service provider on an annual basis.

The  Europay,  MasterCard,  and  Visa  global  standard  for  cards  equipped  with  security  chip  technology  ('EMV')  is  designed  to  deter  fraudulent  card transactions related to identity theft, counterfeit cards, and the misuse of lost or stolen cards via enhanced card authentication, transaction authorization, and  cardholder  verification  using  chip-based  smart-cards.  EMV  has  been  adopted  in  many  regions  of  the  world  as  the  global  standard  for  fraud deterrence in chip-based smart-card payments. Merchants whose devices are not capable of processing chip-based smart-card EMV transactions are responsible for chargebacks due to fraudulent transactions on such cards.

As a merchant of financial access transactions processed through MasterCard, Visa, Discover, and American Express, all who have adopted the EMV standard, and as an operator of ATMs, our POS, fully-integrated kiosk, and ATM devices are subject to the EMV standard. This requires us to maintain our fleet of U.S.-based POS, fully-integrated kiosk, and ATM devices to support the EMV standard.

## International Regulation

We  are  also  subject  to  a  variety  of  gaming  and  financial  services  regulations  and  other  laws,  including  the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act,  in  the international markets in which we operate. We expect to become subject to additional gaming and financial services regulations and other laws in the jurisdictions into which we expand our operations. Our expansion into new markets is dependent upon our ability to comply with the regulatory regimes adopted by such jurisdictions.

In addition, refer to  'Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Industry' for more information regarding industry, state, and federal regulations impacting our business and related risks and uncertainties.

## Available Information

Our website address is www.everi.com. We make available, free of charge, on our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed, or furnished, pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, our earnings conference calls are webcast live via our website. The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report or our other filings with the SEC. In addition to visiting our website, you may read documents we file with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

## Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

The following section describes material risks and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or the market price of our stock. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face; our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. This section should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Risks Related to Our Business

Overall

- The global COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to, or in the future have, a material adverse impact on our operations and financial  performance,  as  well  as  on  the  operations  and  financial  performance  of  many  of  the  customers  and  suppliers  in  the  gaming industry that we serve. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position, and the achievement of our business objectives.

The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, with particular impact to the gaming industry, disrupted global supply chains, temporarily lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility and disruption in the financial markets, and increased unemployment levels. In  addition,  the  pandemic  has  resulted  in  temporary  closures  of  many  businesses,  including  those  of  our  casino  customers,  and  resulted  in  the institution of social distancing and sheltering-in-place requirements in many states, countries, and communities in which we operate. Consequently, demand for our products and services continues to be significantly impacted, which adversely affects our revenue and profitability was significantly impacted, especially in the first three quarters of 2020. Furthermore, the pandemic could impair our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity, particularly to the  extent  casinos  and  other  gaming  businesses  must  again  close  or,  even  when  reopened,  social  distancing  and  other  COVID-19  protective measures or a lack of consumer confidence in the gaming industry prevent them from opening at full capacity, the impact on the global economy worsens and impacts the disposable income available to our casino customers' patrons. Additionally, resurgences of COVID-19 and its variants have, at times, caused federal, state, tribal, and municipal governments and regulatory agencies to close casinos or impose other restrictions. Some casinos have voluntarily closed in response to COVID-19 cases among guests or resurgences in the areas in which they operate and may do so again in the future. Similarly, because of changing economic and market conditions affecting the gaming industry, our ability to achieve our business objectives has been impacted. As a result of the financial difficulties facing casino operators due to the pandemic, many of our customers have requested, that we offer our products and our services for less than we did prior to the pandemic, particularly as it relates to our recurring revenue products and the tolling of service fees during the pendency of their closures, which relief we have granted in certain circumstances. Our business operations have also been disrupted as significant portions of our workforce have been working from home, including to protect personal health and safety, and because of illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions imposed in connection with the pandemic. In response to the pandemic, we furloughed a majority our employees and reduced employee salaries through most of the second and third quarters of 2020, borrowed and repaid funds under existing and new credit facilities, adopted certain relief measures provided by the CARES Act and may seek additional funding, to the extent available, under the CARES Act or other new federal or state programs. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we restored the employee base and repaid temporarily reduced salaries. In addition, we suspended share repurchases, as required under our credit facilities, and may take other capital actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of the pandemic, we canceled or delayed material capital expenditures and, as a result, we will not have the benefit of those investments to help our operations and financial performance in the future. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic further  impacts  our  business,  results  of  operations,  and  financial  condition,  as  well  as  our  capital  and  liquidity  ratios,  will  depend  on  future developments,  which  are  highly  uncertain  and  cannot  be  predicted,  including  the  scope  and  duration  of  the  pandemic  and  actions  taken  by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. Further, as a result of the inherent uncertainty of our expectations and assumptions regarding business plans, results of operations, and financial condition, any of which may prove to be inaccurate, we may be required to record non-cash impairment charges, among other items, in future periods, whether in connection with our normal review procedures periodically, or earlier, if an indicator of an impairment is present prior to such evaluation.

The COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate the risks disclosed in this section of our Annual Report, including, but not limited to: our ability to comply with the terms of our indebtedness, our ability to generate revenues, earn profits and maintain adequate liquidity, our ability to service existing and attract new customers and maintain our overall competitiveness in the market, the potential for significant fluctuations in demand for our services, overall trends in the gaming industry impacting our business, as well as potential volatility in our stock price, among other consequences such as cybersecurity exposure.

## · If we are unable to develop and protect our intellectual property adequately or obtain intellectual property rights and agreements, we may lose valuable competitive advantages, be forced to incur costly litigation to protect our rights, or be restricted in our ability to provide various products in our markets.

Our success depends, in part, on developing and protecting our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We also rely on other confidentiality and contractual agreements and arrangements with our employees, affiliates, business partners, and customers to establish and protect our intellectual property and similar proprietary rights. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in protecting these rights and, despite our efforts, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how could become known to, or independently developed by, competitors through malfeasance by employees, contractors or other insiders who may have access to our intellectual property; industrial, corporate or other espionage events; or unauthorized intrusions into our networks or those of our thirdparty vendors. Any litigation relating to the defense of our intellectual property, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us and potentially cause a diversion of our resources.

In addition, we rely on intellectual property licenses from one or more third-party competitors, the loss of which could materially and adversely affect our business and the sale or placement of our products. Various third-party gaming manufacturers with which we compete are much larger than us and have substantially larger intellectual property assets. The gaming manufacturer industry is very competitive and litigious, and a lawsuit brought by one of our larger competitors, whether or not well-founded, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows and our ability to sell or place our products.

In addition, we have faced and may again face claims of infringement that could interfere with our ability to use technology or other intellectual property rights that are material to our business operations. In the event a claim of infringement against us is successful, we may be required to pay royalties to use technology or other intellectual property rights that we had been using, or we may be required to enter into a license agreement and pay license fees, or we may be required to stop using the technology or other intellectual property rights that we had been using. We may be unable to obtain necessary licenses from third parties at a reasonable cost or within a reasonable amount of time. Any litigation of this type, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us and potentially cause a diversion of our resources.

- We rely on technology provided by third-party vendors, the loss of which could materially and adversely affect our business, increase our costs, and delay deployment or suspend development of our financial services products, gaming systems, and player terminals.

We have entered into license agreements with third parties for the exclusive use of their technology and intellectual property rights in the gaming industry, such as our license to use portions of the software infrastructure upon which our financial access systems operate, and we also rely on thirdparty manufacturers to manufacture our gaming devices, fully integrated kiosks, and other integrated kiosk solutions. We rely on these other parties to maintain and protect this technology and the related intellectual property rights. If our licensors fail to protect their intellectual property rights in material that we license and we are unable to protect such intellectual property rights, the value of our licenses may diminish significantly, and our business could be significantly harmed. In addition, if these agreements expire and we are unable to renew them, or if this software or hardware, or functional equivalents of this software or hardware, were either no longer available to us or no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms, we may lose a valuable competitive advantage and our business could be harmed.

To the extent there are adverse conditions present, which have begun to, and continue to, occur during the global pandemic, we may continue to experience, various difficulties, particularly with respect to international third-party suppliers of our components, that could cause significant production delays. If we are unable to obtain these components from our established third-party vendors, we could be required to either redesign our products to function with alternate third-party products or to develop or manufacture these components ourselves, which would result in increased costs and could result in delays in the deployment of our gaming systems and player terminals. Furthermore, we might be forced to limit the features available in our current or future offerings.

- Our net operating losses and other tax credit carry-forwards are subject to limitations that could potentially reduce these tax assets.

As  of  December  31,  2021,  we  had  tax  effected  federal  and  state  net  operating  loss  ('NOL ')  carry-forwards  of  approximately  $75.8  million  and $8.8 million, respectively, and federal research and development credit carry-forwards of approximately $14.7 million. The federal net operating losses can be carried forward and applied to offset taxable income for 20 years and will expire starting in 2032 (for losses incurred before 2018). Estimated federal losses incurred after 2017 of approximately $19.9 million, tax effected, can be carried forward indefinitely to offset taxable income. The state net operating loss carry-forwards will expire between 2022 and 2041. The federal research and development credits are limited to a 20 year carryforward period and will begin to expire in varying amounts in 2029, if not utilized.

Based on the weight of available evidence, including both positive and negative indicators, if it is more likely than not that a portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, we must consider recording a valuation allowance. Greater weight is given to evidence that is objectively verifiable, most notably historical results. As of December 31, 2021, our U.S. operations emerged from a three-year cumulative loss position. Our U.S. federal and states operating businesses had deferred tax asset valuation allowances of approximately $68.7 million as of December 31, 2020. Based on  our  most  recent  analysis  as  of  December  31,  2021,  we  removed  the  full  valuation  allowance  in  the  federal  and  certain  state  jurisdictions, contributing to a $67.9 million reduction in our valuation allowance in 2021. Our ability to utilize these NOL and other tax credit carry-forwards to reduce taxable income in future years may be limited, including the possibility that projected future taxable income is insufficient to realize the benefit of these NOL carry-forwards prior to their expiration. To the extent our results of operations decline, we may not have the ability to meet the more likely than not accounting standard which would require us to record an additional valuation allowance in the future.

In addition, our ability to use these tax assets could be adversely affected by the limitations of Sections 382, 383 and 384 of the Internal Revenue Code. In addition, a portion of our NOL 's include amortization of goodwill for tax purposes associated with a restructuring that occurred in 2004, which is subject to audit by the IRS and thus may have an adverse effect on our NOL carry-forwards.

- We operate our business in regions subject to natural disasters, public health issues, political instability and other potentially catastrophic events. Any interruption to our business resulting from such an event will adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.

In the event of a natural or man-made disaster or other catastrophic event, the operations of gaming establishments could be negatively impacted or consumer demand for gaming could decline, or both, and as a result, our business could be interrupted, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Adverse weather conditions, particularly flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes, heavy snowfall, and other extreme weather conditions often deter our customer's patrons from traveling to or make it difficult for them to frequent the sites where our games and FinTech equipment are installed. Similarly, public health crises, such as the outbreak of communicable diseases like the coronavirus, often deter patrons from visiting our customer's gaming establishments. If any of those sites, where a significant number of our games and FinTech equipment is installed, either  individually  or  simultaneously  experienced adverse weather conditions, our results of business, financial condition, and operations could be materially and adversely affected. From time to time, the impact of weather-related natural disasters has resulted in business disruption at certain of our locations as well as our customers' facilities and may do so in the future.

Similarly, many of the international third-party suppliers we rely on for the manufacture of our gaming and FinTech equipment are located in areas that are  subject  to  natural  disasters,  public  health  issues,  political  instability  and  other  potentially  catastrophic  events.  When  these  events  occur,  our suppliers may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us, which could result in disruptions to our supply chain that adversely affect our results of business, financial condition, and operations.

- Our business is dependent upon consumer demand for gaming and overall economic trends specific to the gaming industry. Economic downturns or a decline in the popularity of gaming could reduce the number of patrons that use our products and services or the amounts of cash that they access using our services.

We provide our gaming-related and financial access products and services almost exclusively to regulated gaming establishments. As a result, our business depends on consumer demand for gaming. Gaming is a discretionary leisure activity, participation in which has in the past and may in the future decline during periods of (i) economic growth, due to changes in consumers' spending preferences; (ii) economic downturns, due to decreases in  our  consumers'  disposable  income  or  general  tourism  activities;  and  (iii)  declining  consumer  confidence,  due  to  general  economic  conditions, domestic- and geo-political concerns, or other factors. Gaming competes with other leisure activities as a form of consumer entertainment and may lose popularity as new leisure activities arise or as other leisure activities become more popular. In addition, gaming in traditional gaming establishments (to which we sell our products and services) competes with Internet-based gaming. The popularity and acceptance of gaming is also influenced by the prevailing social mores and changes in social mores, including changes driven by social responsibility organizations that are dedicated to addressing problem gaming, which could result in reduced acceptance of gaming as a leisure activity  or  litigation  or  lobbying  efforts  focused  on  limiting  gaming  activities.  To  the  extent  that  the  popularity  or  availability  of  gaming  in  traditional gaming establishments declines as a result of any of these factors, the demand for our financial access and gaming-related products and services, or the willingness of our customers to spend new capital on acquiring gaming equipment or utilize revenue share agreements, may decline and our business may be harmed.

## Games Business

- Most of our leased gaming device contracts with our customers are short-term, and if we are unable to maintain our current customers on terms that are favorable to us, our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows may suffer a material adverse effect.

Most of  our  leased  gaming  device  contracts  with  our  customers  are  generally  short-term,  except  for  customers  with  whom  we  have  entered  into development and placement fee agreements. We do not rely upon the stated  term  of  our  gaming  device  contracts  to  retain  the  business  of  our customers. We rely instead upon providing competitive player terminals, games, and systems to give our customers the incentive to continue doing business  with  us.  At  any  point  in  time,  a  significant  portion  of  our  gaming  device  business  is  subject  to  non-renewal,  which  may  materially  and adversely affect our earnings, financial condition, and cash flows. To renew or extend any of our customer contracts, generally, we may be required to accept financial and other terms that are less favorable to us than the terms of the expired contracts. In addition, we may not succeed in renewing customer contracts when they expire. If we are required to agree to other less favorable terms to retain our customers or we are not able to renew our relationships  with  our  customers  upon  the  expiration  of  our  contracts,  our  business,  financial  condition,  operations,  or  cash  flows  could  suffer  a material adverse effect.

- Tribal gaming customers who have historically operated large quantities of Class II gaming units may negotiate into arrangements with state governments or renegotiate existing gaming compacts that could impact the amount of Class II gaming devices currently supplied by the Company. If we are unable to maintain our existing placement of units, then our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows may suffer an adverse effect.

As  of  December  31,  2021,  we  operated  more  than  9,700  Class  II  gaming  units  under  lease  or  daily  fixed-fee  arrangements  to  our  customers. Customers who enter into compacts with state governments may desire to change from Class II gaming units to Class III gaming units, as Class III units generally perform better than Class II units. This may result in the loss of placements under lease or daily fixed-fee arrangements as customers purchase or lease Class III units from other equipment suppliers to replace our existing Class II units. If we are unable to replace these lost units with our proprietary Class III units, then our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows may suffer an adverse effect.

- Tribal gaming customers which operate Class III gaming units do so under compact arrangements with state governments. If these tribal gaming customers are unable to maintain or renew these existing gaming compacts, then our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows may suffer an adverse effect.

As of December 31, 2021, we operated more than 7,100 Class III gaming units under lease or daily fixed-fee arrangements to our tribal gaming customers.  As  Class  III  units  generally  perform  better  than  Class  II  units,  the  loss  of  these  Class  III  placements  under  lease  or  daily  fixed-fee arrangements,  if  these  customers  are  unable  to  renew  their  Class  III  gaming  compacts  and  we  are  unable  to  replace  these  lost  units  with  our proprietary Class II units, then our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows may be negatively impacted.

- We derive  a  significant  portion  of  our  revenue  from  Native  American  tribal  customers,  and  our  ability  to  effectively  operate  in  Native American gaming markets is vulnerable to legal and regulatory uncertainties, including the ability to enforce contractual rights on Native American land.

We derive a significant percentage of our revenue from the provision of financial access and gaming-related products and services to gaming facilities operated on Native American lands. Native American tribes that are federally-recognized are considered 'domestic dependent nations' with certain sovereign rights and, in the absence of a specific grant of authority by Congress to a state or a specific compact or agreement between a tribal entity and a state that would allow the state to regulate activities taking place on Native American lands, such tribes can enact their own laws and regulate gaming operations and contracts. In this capacity, Native American tribes generally enjoy a degree of sovereign immunity, which, among other things, recognizes a tribe's inherent authority of self-determination and self-governance, immunizes the tribe from certain lawsuits outside of tribal jurisdiction, and generally authorizes a tribe's powers of taxation and spending over its federally-recognized nation. Accordingly, before we can seek to enforce contract rights with a Native American tribe, or an agency or instrumentality of a Native American tribe, we must obtain from the Native American tribe a general or limited waiver of its sovereign immunity with respect to the matter in dispute, which we are not always able to do. Without a general or limited waiver of sovereign immunity, or if such waiver is held to be ineffective, we could be precluded from judicially enforcing any rights or remedies against a Native American tribe, including the right to enter Native American lands to retrieve our property in the event of a breach of contract by the tribal party to that contract. Governing law and venue provisions in our contracts with Native American tribal customers vary widely and may not be enforceable.

Government enforcement, regulatory action, judicial decisions, and proposed legislative action have in the past affected, and will likely continue to affect our business, financial condition, operations, cash flows, and prospects in Native American tribal lands. The legal and regulatory uncertainties surrounding  our  Native  American  tribal  agreements  could  result  in  a  significant  and  immediate  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial condition,  operations,  or  cash  flows.  For  example,  certain  of  our  agreements  with  Native  American  tribes  are  subject  to  review  by  regulatory authorities. Additionally, such uncertainties could increase our cost of doing business and could take management's attention away from operations. Regulatory action against our customers or equipment in these or other markets could result in machine seizures and significant revenue disruptions, among other adverse consequences. Moreover, Native American tribal policies and procedures, as well as tribal selection of gaming vendors, are subject to the political and governance environment within each Native American tribe. Changes in tribal leadership or tribal political pressure can affect our business relationships within Native American markets.

- We may not realize sufficient returns or be successful in renewing our existing or future placement and development fee arrangements with casino operators to expand or develop gaming facilities.

In our gaming business, we have entered into placement fee agreements with several customers to secure long-term revenue share arrangements which include a fixed number of player terminal placements in the gaming facility. These placement fee arrangements sometimes provide for the removal of our player terminal placements in the event of poor game performance with no further obligation of the gaming customer.

## FinTech Business

- An unexpectedly high level of chargebacks, as a result of fraud or otherwise, could materially and adversely affect our Financial Access business.

When patrons use our financial access services, we either dispense cash or produce a negotiable instrument that can be exchanged for cash. If a completed financial access transaction is subsequently disputed, and if we are unsuccessful in establishing the validity of the transaction, we may not be able to collect payment for such transaction and such transaction becomes a chargeback. In the event that we incur chargebacks in excess of specified levels, we could lose our sponsorship into the card associations or be censured by the card associations by way of fines or otherwise. Our failure to adequately manage our chargebacks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows.

- Changes in  consumer  willingness  to  pay  a  convenience  fee  to  access  their  funds  could  reduce  the  demand  for  our  Financial  Access products and services.

Our financial access business depends upon the willingness of patrons to pay a convenience fee to access their own funds on the premises of a gaming establishment. In most retail environments, consumers typically do not pay an additional fee for using non-cash payment methods such as credit  cards,  POS  debit  cards,  or  checks.  Gaming  patrons  could  bring  more  cash  with  them  to  gaming  establishments  or  access  cash  outside  of gaming establishments without paying a fee for the convenience of not having to leave the gaming establishment. To the extent that gaming patrons become  unwilling  to  pay  these  convenience  fees  or  lower  cost  financial  access  alternatives  become  available,  the  demand  for  financial  access services within gaming establishments will decline and our business could suffer.

- We maintain a significant amount of cash within our ATMs, which is subject to potential loss due to theft or other events, including natural disasters.

A loss of cash from the ATMs we own and for which we provide the cash to operate from our vault cash arrangements is generally our responsibility. We typically require that our service providers, who either transport the cash or otherwise have access to the ATM safe, maintain adequate insurance coverage in the event cash losses occur as a result of theft, misconduct or negligence on the part of such providers. Cash losses at the ATM could occur in a variety of ways, such as natural disaster (hurricanes, floods, etc.), fires, vandalism, and theft. Our insurance policies may not cover losses that may occur to the equipment, and any losses to the cash contained in those devices would be borne by us. An increase in the frequency and/or amounts of theft and other losses could lead to a material loss of cash and negatively impact our operating results.

## Risks Related to Our Capital Structure

- The leverage restrictions on our outstanding debt could have significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As of December 31, 2021, our total indebtedness was approximately $1.0 billion, which included the New Credit Facilities and the 2021 Unsecured Notes (as discussed and defined in 'Note 12 - Long Term Debt' ), each of which contain restrictive covenants. Our existing borrowings could impact our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in our industry or the economy, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt, and prevent us from meeting our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, any of which could have significant adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

- We  may  not  be  able  to  generate  sufficient  cash  to  service  all  of  our  indebtedness,  including  the  New  Credit  Facilities  and  the  2021 Unsecured Notes (defined herein), and fund our working capital and capital expenditures, and we may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness will depend upon our future operating performance and on our ability to generate cash flow in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings, including those under the New Credit Facilities, will be available to us in an amount sufficient to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs.

- The agreements and instruments governing our debt impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility.

The New Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the 2021 Unsecured Notes contain a number of significant restrictions and covenants that limit our  ability,  among  other  considerations,  to:  incur  additional  indebtedness;  sell  assets,  or  consolidate,  or  merge  with  or  into  other  companies;  pay dividends, or repurchase or redeem capital stock; make certain investments; issue capital stock of our subsidiaries; incur liens; prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; and enter into certain types of transactions with our affiliates. These covenants could have the effect of limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the markets in which we compete.

In addition, to the extent we are found in default and if our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we are able to obtain new financing, it may not be on commercially reasonable terms, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In  addition,  complying  with  these  covenants  may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions.

## Risks Related to Our Information Technology

- We  have  experienced  in  the  past  and  may  experience  in  the  future  network  or  system  failures,  or  service  interruptions,  including cybersecurity attacks, or other technology and privacy risks. Our inability to protect our systems and data against such risks could harm our business and reputation.

Our  ability  to  provide  uninterrupted  and  high  levels  of  services  depends  upon  the  performance  of  our  internal  network,  systems  and  related infrastructure, and those of our third-party vendors. Any significant interruptions in, or degradation of, the quality of the services, including infrastructure storage and support, that these third parties provide to us could severely harm our business and reputation and lead to the loss of customers and revenue. Our internal network, systems, and related infrastructure, in addition to the networks, systems, and related infrastructure of our third-party technology  vendors,  may  be  vulnerable  to  computer  viruses  and  other  malware  that  infiltrate  such  systems  and  networks,  as  well  as  physical  or electronic security breaches, natural disasters, and similar disruptions. They have been and may continue to be the target of attempts to identify and exploit  network  and  system  vulnerabilities,  penetrate  or  bypass  security  measures  in  order  to  interrupt  or  degrade  the  quality  of  the  services  we receive or provide, or otherwise gain unauthorized access to our networks and systems or those of our third-party vendors. These vulnerabilities or other attempts at access may result from, or be caused by, human error or technology failures, however, they may also be the product of malicious actions by third parties intending to harm our business. The methods that may be used by these third parties to cause service interruptions or failures or to obtain unauthorized access to information change frequently, are difficult to detect, evolve rapidly, and are increasingly sophisticated and hard to defend against. Our investment in security measures and other defensive measures, and those employed by our third-party vendors, may not be sufficient to defend against all such current and future methods.

Our careful vetting of third parties to provide technology services and the contractual requirements related to the security that we impose on our thirdparty vendors who have access to this data may not be sufficient to protect us from network or system failures or service interruptions.

Any actual or perceived security breach, whether experienced by us or a third-party vendor; the reporting or announcement of such an event, or reports of perceived security vulnerabilities of our systems or the systems of our third-party service providers whether accurate or not; or our failure or perceived  failure  to  respond  or  remediate  an  event  or  make  adequate  or  timely  disclosures  to  the  public,  Gaming  Authorities,  regulatory  or  law enforcement agencies following any such event may be material and lead to harm to our financial condition, business reputation, and prospects of future business due to, among other factors: loss of customer confidence arising from interruptions or outages of our services, delays, failure to meet contractual  obligations,  and  loss  of  data  or  public  release  of  confidential  data;  increase  regulatory  scrutiny  on  us;  compromised  trade  secret  and intellectual property; exposure to costly uninsured liabilities such as material fines, penalties, liquidated damages, and overall margin compression due to renegotiation of contracts on less favorable terms or loss of business; liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information in violation of contractual obligations or data privacy laws; and potential theft of our intellectual property.

A security breach could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. We expect that any investigation of a security breach could take a substantial amount of time, and during such time we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which could further increase the costs and consequences of such a breach. Further, detecting and remediating such incidents may require specialized expertise and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or hire individuals who possess, or otherwise internally develop, such expertise. Our remediation efforts therefore may not be successful. The inability to implement, maintain, and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, there could be public announcements regarding any data security-related incidents and any steps we take to respond to or remediate such incidents.

The occurrence of any such failure may also subject us to costly lawsuits and claims for contractual indemnities, and may negatively impact the status of our gaming regulatory licenses up to and including revocation, as well as divert valuable management, engineering, information technology, and marketing resources toward addressing these issues and delay our ability to achieve our strategic initiatives. In the event our EGMs or financial access products, systems, or networks are compromised, gaming establishments may require us to remediate any abnormality, downtime, loss of use, or suspicious activity, or require us to indemnify casino operators for lost business and, potentially, their patrons. In addition, we gather, as permitted by law, non-public, personally-identifiable financial information from patrons who use our financial access services, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, bank and credit card account numbers and financial transaction information, and the compromise of such data, which may subject us to fines and other related costs of remediation.

Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to protect us against all losses and costs stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such events. We cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large  claims  against  us  that  exceed  available  insurance  coverage,  or  the  occurrence  of  changes  in  our  insurance  policies,  including  premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Risks Related to Competition

- The gaming industry is intensely competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business could be negatively impacted.

The market for gaming devices, financial access products, and related services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase and intensify in the future. In both our Games and FinTech businesses, some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition; longer operating histories; pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers with respect to other financial services; greater financial, research, design, development, marketing, technological, and other resources; and more ready access to capital resources, which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, be in a better position to compete and, in respect of our financial access business, to pay higher commissions or other incentives to gaming establishments in order to gain new customers. In our FinTech business, we compete with other established providers of financial access products and services, including third-party transaction processors, financial institutions, and other regional and local banks that operate ATMs on the premises of gaming establishments. To the extent that we lose customers to these competitors, or competitive pressures force us to offer incentives or less favorable pricing terms for us to establish or maintain relationships with gaming establishments, our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

- Consolidation among our customers or competitors could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability.

We often execute contracts with customers pursuant to which we provide products and services at multiple gaming establishments. Accordingly, the expiration or termination of a single key contract can mean the loss of multiple gaming facilities at which many of our products and services are used. Consolidation among operators of gaming establishments may also result in the loss of customers, if one of our customers is acquired by a business that utilizes one of our competitors, or significant margin compression, if rates vary between acquiring and acquired customers. Consolidation among our competitors in either the Games or FinTech sectors will only increase advantages these competitors may have over us as we compete for these customers, including even greater financial, research, design, development, marketing, technological, and other resources, and the ability to offer customers more favorable rates and prices due to lower operating costs resulting from efficiencies of scale and varying margins of a larger product portfolio, among other factors.

- Our business depends on our ability to introduce new, commercially viable games, products and services in a timely manner.

Our success is dependent on our ability to develop and sell new games, products, and services that are attractive not only to our customers, but also to their customers, the gaming patrons. If our games, products, and services do not appeal to gaming operators and patrons, or do not meet or sustain revenue and profitability of contractual obligations and expectations, we may lose business to our competitors. Additionally, we may be unable to enhance existing games, products, and services in a timely manner in response to changing regulatory or legal requirements, market conditions, or customer requirements, or new games, products and services may not achieve market acceptance in new or existing markets. Delay in regulatory approvals of new gaming devices and equipment may adversely impact new product deployment. If we are unable to keep pace with rapid innovations in new technologies or product design and deployment or if we are unable to quickly adapt our development, manufacturing or sales processes to compete, our business, financial condition, operations or cash flows could suffer a material adverse effect.

## Risks Related to the Regulation of Our Business

- Unauthorized disclosure of cardholder and patron data or similar violations of applicable data privacy laws, whether through a security breach  of  our  computer  systems,  our  third-party  processor's  computer  systems  or  otherwise,  or  through  our  unauthorized  use  or transmission of such data subjects us to costly fines, penalties, and legal claims.

We  collect  and  store  personally  identifiable  information  about  cardholders  and  patrons  that  perform  certain  financial  access  and  Central  Credit transactions, including names, addresses, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, and account numbers, and we maintain a database of cardholder and patron data, including account numbers, in order to process our financial access and Central Credit transactions. We also rely on our third-party  processor  and  certain  other  technology  partners  to  process  and  store  cardholder  and  patron  data  relating  to  our  financial  access  and Central Credit transactions. As a result, we, as well as our third-party processor, certain of our other technology providers, and some of our gaming establishment customers, are required to comply with various foreign, federal, and state privacy statutes and regulations and the PCI Data Security Standard. Compliance with these regulations and requirements, which are subject to change at any time, is often difficult and costly, and our failure, or the failure of these other third parties, to comply may result in significant fines or civil penalties, regulatory enforcement action, liability to our sponsor bank, and termination of our agreements with our gaming establishment customers, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows. If our computer systems or those of our third-party processor or other technology providers suffer a security breach, we may be subject to liability, including claims for unauthorized transactions with misappropriated  bank  card  information,  impersonation,  or  similar  fraud  claims,  as  well  as  for  any  failure  to  comply  with  laws  governing  required notifications of such a breach, and these claims could result in protracted and costly litigation, penalties, or sanctions from the card associations and EFT payment networks, and damage to our reputation, which could reduce and limit our ability to provide financial access and related services to our gaming establishment customers.

The personally identifiable information we collect also includes our patrons' transaction behavioral data and credit history data, which we may use to provide  marketing  and  data  intelligence  services  to  gaming  establishments.  This  information  is  increasingly  subject  to  federal,  state,  and  card association laws and regulations, as well as laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world. Governmental regulations are typically intended to protect the privacy and security of such data and information as well as to regulate the collection, storage, transmission, transfer, use, and distribution of such data and information. We could be materially and adversely affected if domestic or international laws or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices, or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their laws or regulations in ways that negatively affect our  business  or  even  prohibit  us  from  offering  certain  marketing  and  data  intelligence  or  other  services.  Similarly,  if  we  are  required  to  allocate significant resources to modify our internal operating systems and procedures to enable enhanced protection of patron data that we transmit, store, and use, our business results could be adversely affected. In addition, we may face requirements that pose compliance challenges in new international markets that we seek to enter as various foreign jurisdictions have different laws and regulations concerning the storage, transmission, and use of gaming patron data. Such variation could subject us to costs, liabilities, or negative publicity that could impair our ability to expand our operations into some countries; therefore, it could limit our future growth.

## · We are subject to extensive governmental gaming regulation, which may harm our business.

Our ability to conduct both our gaming and financial access businesses, expand operations, develop and distribute new games, products and systems, and expand into new gaming markets is also subject to significant federal, state, local, Native American, and foreign regulations which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In the United States and many other countries, gaming must be expressly authorized by law. Once authorized, such activities are subject to extensive and evolving governmental regulation. The gaming laws, regulations, and ordinances generally concern the antecedents, acumen, financial  stability,  and  character  of  our  owners,  officers,  and  directors,  as  well  as  those  persons  financially  interested  or  involved  in  our companies; dictate the technical standards and regulations of our electronic player terminals, gaming systems, and certain other products; and set forth  the  process  and  manner by which the Gaming Authorities issue such licenses, findings of suitability, and product approvals. In addition, the suspension, revocation, non-renewal or limitation of any of our licenses or product approvals, or the inability to obtain or maintain requisite license or product approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to retain key employees. The Gaming Authorities may deny, limit, condition, suspend, or revoke a gaming license or related approval for violations of applicable gaming laws and regulations, and may impose substantial fines and take other actions, any one of which could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Further, changes in existing gaming laws or regulations, or new interpretations of existing gaming laws may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in those jurisdictions where we currently do business, which could harm our operating results. In particular, the enactment of unfavorable legislation  or  government  efforts  affecting  or  directed  at  manufacturers  or  gaming  operators,  such  as  referendums  to  increase  gaming  taxes,  or requirements to use local distributors, or uncertainty as to the means and manner in which existing gaming laws may be interpreted and applied, either singly or together, could have a negative impact on our operations.

Moreover, in addition to the risk of enforcement action, we are also at risk of loss of business reputation in the event of any potential legal or regulatory investigation, whether or not we are ultimately accused of or found to have committed any violation. For a summary of gaming regulations that could affect our business, see 'Item 1. Business - Regulation.'

## · Many of the financial services that we provide are subject to extensive rules and regulations, which may harm our business.

Our Central Credit gaming patron credit bureau and warranty services are subject to the FCRA, the FACTA, and similar state laws. The collection practices that are used by our third-party providers and us may be subject to the FDCPA and applicable state laws relating to debt collection. All of our financial access services and patron marketing services are subject to the privacy provisions of state and federal law, including the Gramm-LeachBliley Act. Our POS debit card financial access transactions and funds dispensed withdrawal services are subject to the Electronic Fund Transfer Act. Our  funds  dispensed  services  are  subject  to  the  applicable  state  banking  regulations  in  each  jurisdiction  in  which  we  operate  ATMs.  Our  funds dispensed services may also be subject to state and local regulations relating to the imposition of daily limits on the amounts that may be withdrawn from ATMs, the location of ATMs, our ability to surcharge cardholders who use our ATMs, and the form and type of notices that must be disclosed regarding  the  provision  of  our  funds  dispensed  services.  The  financial  access  services  we  provide  are  subject  to  record  keeping  and  reporting obligations  under  the  Bank  Secrecy  Act  and  the  USA  PATRIOT  Act  of  2001,  including  as  relates  to  our  federally-mandated  internal  anti-money laundering program. We are required to file SARs with respect to transactions completed at all gaming establishments where we provide our financial access services through a gaming establishment's cashier or financial services center. If we are found to be noncompliant in any way with these laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties. In jurisdictions in which we serve as a check casher, we are subject to the applicable state  licensing  requirements  and  regulations  governing  check  cashing  activities.  We  are  also  subject  to  various  state  licensing  requirements  and regulations governing money transmitters. We may be required to obtain additional licenses from federal or state financial authorities in connection with our products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such licenses, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such licenses, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We are subject to formal or informal audits, inquiries,  examinations,  or  reviews  from  time  to  time  by  the  regulatory  authorities  that  enforce  these financial services rules and regulations. In the event that any regulatory authority determines that the manner in which we provide financial access, patron marketing, or gaming patron credit bureau services is not in compliance with existing rules and regulations, or the regulatory authorities adopt new rules or regulations that prohibit or restrict the manner in which we provide financial access, patron marketing, or gaming patron credit bureau services, then these regulatory authorities may force us to modify the manner in which we operate or force us to stop processing certain types of financial  access  transactions  or  providing  patron  marketing  or  gaming  patron  credit  bureau  services  altogether.  We  may  also  be  required  to  pay substantial penalties and fines if we fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations. For example, if we fail to file CTRs or SARs on a timely basis or  if  we  are  found  to  be  noncompliant  in  any  way  with  either  the  Bank  Secrecy  Act  or  the  USA  PATRIOT  Act  of  2001,  we  could  be  subject  to substantial civil and criminal penalties. In addition, our failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations could subject us to private litigation.

## · Gaming and financial services laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain application.

Gaming and financial services laws and regulations are subject to change and evolving interpretations and application, including through legislative amendments, new and proposed regulations, executive orders, and agency interpretations, and it can be difficult to predict how they may be applied to our business. We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative, and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or proposed products and services and/or increase our expenses in providing these products and services.

## · We are subject to extensive rules and regulations of card associations, including VISA, MasterCard, and EFT networks that are always subject to change, which may harm our business.

Our financial access business is subject to the extensive rules and regulations of the leading card associations, VISA and MasterCard. The rules and regulations  do  not  expressly  address  some  of  the  contexts  and  settings  in  which  we  process  financial  access  transactions  or  do  so  in  a  manner subject to varying interpretations. As an example, we and certain of our providers must comply with the PCI Data Security Standard. The failure by any of  such  providers  to  comply  with  such  standards  could  result  in  our  being  fined  or  being  prohibited  from  processing  transactions  through  VISA, MasterCard, and other card and payment networks. We also process transactions involving the use of the proprietary credit cards such as those offered by Discover Card and American Express, as well as other regional cards issued in certain international markets. The rules and regulations of the proprietary credit card networks that service these cards present risks to us that are similar to those posed by the rules and regulations of VISA, MasterCard, and other payment networks.

The card associations' and payment networks' rules and regulations are always subject to change, and the card associations or payment networks may modify their rules and regulations from time to time. Our inability to anticipate changes in rules and regulations, or the interpretation or application thereof,  may  result  in  substantial  disruption  to  our  business.  In  the  event  that  the  card  associations,  payment  networks  or  our  sponsoring  banks determine that the manner in which we process certain types of card transactions is not in compliance with existing rules and regulations, or if the card associations or payment networks adopt new rules or regulations that prohibit or restrict the manner in which we process certain types of card transactions, we may be forced to pay a fine, modify the manner in which we operate our business, or stop processing certain types of financial access transactions altogether, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows.

- Card association  and  EFT  network  changes  to  interchange  reimbursement  rates  or  network  operating  fees  or fees  associated  with  the processing and settlement of our financial access transactions or other changes to their operating rules and regulations may affect our revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), net income, and our business generally.

We receive income from issuers of ATM, credit, and debit cards for certain transactions performed on our ATMs related to cash dispensing or certain other  non-financial  transactions  such  as  balance  inquiries.  The  EFT  networks  may  also  charge  certain  fees  related  to  the  performance  of  these transactions. We refer to the net of this income and fees as interchange reimbursement fees. The amount of this interchange reimbursement fee income is determined by the card associations and EFT networks, and this income is subject to decrease at their discretion.

We pay interchange and other network fees for services to the credit card associations and EFT networks that they provide in settling transactions routed through their networks. Collectively, we call these charges interchange fees. Subject to the limitations imposed by federal regulations such as the  Durbin  Amendment  or  other  regulations  that  may  be  enacted,  the  amounts  of  these  interchange  fees  are  determined  based  upon  the  sole discretion  of  the  card  associations  and  EFT  networks  and  are  subject  to  increase  at  any  time.  We  have  been  seeing  such  card  association interchange fee increases with higher frequency in recent years and with disproportionate negative impact upon transaction categories into which our financial access transactions typically fall. Competitive pressures might prevent us from passing all or some of these fees through to our customers in the  future.  To  the  extent  that  we  are  unable  to  pass  through  to  our  customers  all  or  any  portion  of  any  increase  in  interchange  or  other  network processing fees, our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) would increase and our net income would decrease, assuming no change  in  transaction  volumes.  Any  such  decrease  in  net  income  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition, operations, or cash flows. In addition, proposed changes to the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the repeal of the Durbin Amendment, if adopted, or other regulation that could be implemented to limit the amount of surcharge or service fees charged for our financial access transactions could have a negative impact on revenue and gross margins (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) as a result of reduced service fee revenue and potential increases in interchange rates merchants pay for debit card transactions.

The card associations and EFT networks may also elect to impose new membership or other fees, or implement new rules and regulations with respect to processing transactions through their networks, and any such new fees, rules, or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows.

- The provision of our credit card access, POS debit, and funds dispensed services are dependent upon our continued sponsorship into the VISA and MasterCard card associations, and the suspension or termination of our sponsorship would result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows.

We process virtually all of our credit card financial access, POS debit, and funds dispensed service transactions through the VISA and MasterCard card associations, both domestically and internationally, and virtually all of the revenue that we derive from our credit card financial access, POS debit, and funds dispensed services is dependent upon our continued sponsorship into the VISA and MasterCard associations. We cannot provide these services  without  sponsorship  into  the  VISA  and  MasterCard  associations  by  a  member  financial  institution.  Our  failure  to  maintain  our  current sponsorship arrangements or secure alternative sponsorship arrangements into the VISA and MasterCard associations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows.

- Our funds dispensed service business is subject to extensive rules and regulations, which may harm our business.

Our funds dispensed services are subject to the applicable federal, state, and local banking regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate ATMs, which  regulations  relate  to  the  imposition  of  daily  limits  on  the  amounts  that  may  be  withdrawn  from  ATMs,  the  location  of  ATMs,  our  ability  to surcharge cardholders who use our ATMs, and the form and type of notices that must be disclosed with respect to the fees we charge to patrons in connection with our funds  dispensed  services.  ATMs  are  also  subject  to  requirements  of  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act,  which  in  general  require  that  ATMs  be accessible to individuals with disabilities, such as visually-impaired persons. These laws and regulations may impose significant burdens on our ability to operate ATMs profitably in some locations, or at all, and our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.  Moreover,  because  these  regulations  are  subject  to  change,  we  may  be  forced  to  modify  our  funds  dispensed  operations  in  a  manner inconsistent with the assumptions upon which we relied when entering into contracts to provide funds dispensed services at gaming establishments. If federal, state, local, or foreign authorities adopt new laws or regulations, or raise enforcement levels on existing laws and regulations that make it more difficult for us to operate our funds dispensed business, then our revenues and earnings may be negatively affected. If legislation or regulations are enacted in the future that adversely impact our funds dispensed business, we may be forced to modify our operations in a manner inconsistent with  the  assumptions  upon  which  we  relied  when  entering  into  contracts  to  provide  ATMs  at  gaming  establishments  and  our  business,  financial condition, operations, or cash flows could suffer a material adverse effect.

## · Changes to consumer privacy laws may require us to change our business practices or expend significant amounts on compliance with such laws.

Certain of our products and services depend on the ability to collect and use non-public personal, financial transaction, and other information relating to  patrons.  To  the  extent  that  we  collect,  control,  or  process  such  information,  federal,  state,  and  foreign  privacy  laws  and  regulations,  including without limitation CCPA and GDPR, require us to make disclosures regarding our privacy and information sharing practices, safeguard and protect the privacy of such information, and, in some cases, provide patrons the opportunity to 'opt out' of the use of their information for certain purposes. We must comply with federal, state, and foreign requirements regarding notice and consent to obtain, use, share, transmit and store such information.

Consumer protection and data privacy laws are rapidly evolving due to recent high-profile thefts and losses of sensitive consumer information from protected databases. Such laws may broaden the scope of protected information; impose new and/or stricter standards concerning the collection, control, use, sharing, and protection of consumer information; and/or require patrons to 'opt-in' to the use of their information for specific purposes. Our  compliance  with  any  or  all  of  such  laws  may  be  costly  and  challenging  to  operationalize  across  the  uneven  requirements  of  the  numerous domestic and international jurisdictions in which we do business.

Changes in consumer protection and data privacy laws may require us to narrow or limit the data we collect; limit how, or how long, we may use it; or require us to purge data from our systems in response to consumer requests, which may hamper our provision of certain of our data-related services or diminish the value of such services to our customers and result in loss of business. To the extent that patrons exercise their right to 'opt out,' or are required to 'opt in,' our ability to leverage existing and future databases of information would be curtailed. Further, in order to continue to provide such products  and  services,  we  may  be  required  to  make  material  modifications  to  the  products  and  services  we  offer  in  order  to  meet  the  changing standards, which may result in significant redesign and redeployment costs to us.

To the extent that we fail to comply with applicable consumer protection and data privacy laws, we may become subject to actions by individuals or regulatory authorities, which may result in the payment of fines or the imposition of other monetary or non-monetary penalties.

The failure or circumvention of the means by which we safeguard and protect the privacy of information we gather may result in the dissemination of non-public personal information, which may harm our reputation and may expose us to liability to the affected individuals and regulatory enforcement proceedings or fines.

## General Risk Factors

## · We have recorded net losses in previous years and we may not generate profits in the future.

We had a net income of $152.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a net loss of $81.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and net income of $16.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. As a result of the interest payments on our indebtedness, amortization of intangible assets incurred in connection with Everi Holdings' purchase of Everi Games in December 2014 (the 'Merger') and other acquisitions, other related acquisition and financing costs, asset impairment charges, depreciation, and other amortization, we may not be able to generate profits in the future. Our ability to continue to generate net profits in the future depends, in part, on our ability to: establish strategic business relationships with new and existing customers; retain our existing customers and expand our relationships with existing customers; provide our products and services in new markets  and  to  new  customers  in  existing  markets;  develop  new  games  or  license  third-party  content  in  our  Games  business  and  develop  new products and services in our FinTech business; effectively manage a larger and more diverse workforce and business; react to changes, including technological and regulatory changes, in the markets we target or operate in; respond to competitive developments and challenges; continue to comply with the EMV global standard for cards equipped with security chip technology; and attract and retain experienced and talented personnel.

We may not be able to do any of these successfully, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operations, or cash flows, which could, among other things, affect our ability to make payments under our New Credit Facilities (defined herein) or the 2021 Unsecured Notes (defined herein).

## · The price of our common stock may continue to fluctuate significantly.

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to those described above in previous risk factor sub-captions.

## Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

## Item 2.  Properties.

We occupy real estate properties mostly in the United States and, to a lesser degree, internationally that are under lease agreements. We believe that these facilities are adequate for our business needs as presently conducted.

We primarily occupy the following leased real estate properties:

| Location  Sq. Ft  Purpose  Segment  Austin, Texas  249,616  Games Headquarters and Operations  Games  Las Vegas, Nevada  143,712  Corporate Headquarters; FinTech Headquarters and  Operations  FinTech   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition, we lease additional less significant real estate properties that are used to support our products and services.

## Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

A discussion of our legal proceedings is contained in  'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies' of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated here by reference.

## Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Our common stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol 'EVRI.' On February 24, 2022, there were 8 holders of record of  our  common stock. Many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, which results in a significantly larger number of beneficial stockholders represented by these holders of record.

## Dividends

We have  not  declared  or  paid  any  cash  dividends  on  our  capital  stock  as  we  intend  to  retain  our  earnings  and  utilize  them  for  the  repayment  of outstanding debt and to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future change in our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, and will depend on our contractual restrictions, results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. In addition, the New Credit Facilities and the indenture governing the 2021 Unsecured Notes limit our ability to declare and pay cash dividends.

## Common Stock Repurchases

There were no share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2021.

On February 28, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized and approved a share repurchase program granting us the authority to repurchase an amount not to exceed $10.0 million of outstanding Company common stock with no minimum number of shares that the Company is required to repurchase and no expiration date. This repurchase program commenced in the first quarter of 2020 and authorizes us to buy our common stock from time to time in open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with trading plans established in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or by a combination of such methods, including compliance with the Company's finance agreements. The share repurchase program is subject to available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. In light of COVID-19, we suspended our share repurchase program.

We did not have a share repurchase program in effect for the year ended December 31, 2019.

## Issuer Purchases and Withholding of Equity Securities

We repurchased or withheld from restricted stock awards 493,662, 193,809, and 95,734 shares of our common stock at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $9.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and approximately $1.3 million and $1.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, to satisfy the minimum applicable tax withholding obligations incident to the vesting of such restricted stock awards. The following table includes the monthly repurchases or withholdings of our common stock during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021:

| Total Number of  Shares Purchased  (in  thousands)  Average Price Paid per  Share  Total Number of  Shares Purchased as  Part of Publicly Announced  Plans or  Programs  Maximum Number of  Shares that May Yet Be  Purchased Under the Plans  or Programs  Tax Withholdings  10/1/21 - 10/31/21  13.4  $  24.29  -  -  11/1/21 - 11/30/21  2.8  $  21.81  -  -  12/1/21 - 12/31/21  2.8  $  21.21  -  -  Total  19.0  $  23.48  -  -  (1)  (2)  (3)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represents the shares of common stock that were withheld from restricted stock awards to satisfy the minimum applicable tax withholding obligations incident to the vesting of such restricted stock awards. There are no limitations on the number of shares of common stock that may be withheld from restricted stock awards to satisfy the minimum tax withholding obligations incident to the vesting of restricted stock awards.

(2) Represents the average price per share of common stock withheld from restricted stock awards on the date of withholding.

- (3) Information regarding the share repurchase program approved by our Board of Directors is included under the heading 'Common Stock Repurchases' above.

## Stock Performance Graph

The line graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Standard &amp; Poor's ('S&amp;P') 500 Index, the S&amp;P 1000 Index, and the S&amp;P Information Technology Index during the five-year period ended December 31, 2021. We included an additional reference point, the S&amp;P 1000 Index, as it is a comparable metric that includes small and mid-capitalization stocks, similar in capitalization to our Company.

The graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2016 in our common stock, in the S&amp;P 500 Index, the S&amp;P 1000 Index, and the S&amp;P Information Technology Index, and that all dividends were reinvested. Research Data Group, Inc. furnished this data; and the cumulative total stockholder returns for our common stock, the S&amp;P 500 Index, the S&amp;P 1000 Index, and the S&amp;P Information Technology Index are based on the calendar month end  closing  prices.  The  comparisons  in  the  graph  are  required  by  the  SEC  and  are  not  intended  to  forecast  or  be  indicative  of  possible  future performance of our common stock.

<!-- image -->

*S100 invested on 12/31/16 in stock or index; including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31

Copyright@ 2022 S&amp;P , a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.

The performance graph and the related chart and text are being furnished solely to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and are not to be incorporated by reference in any filing by us under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

## Item 6. Reserved.

## Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  'Item  1.  Business'  and  our Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information included in our other filings with the SEC.

## Overview

Everi is a leading supplier of imaginative entertainment and trusted technology solutions for the casino and digital gaming industry. Everi's mission is to lead the gaming industry through the power of people, imagination and technology. Focused on player engagement and assisting our casino customers operate more efficiently, the Company develops entertaining game content and gaming machines, gaming systems and services for land-based and iGaming operators. The Company is also a preeminent and comprehensive provider of trusted financial technology solutions that power the casino floor while improving operational efficiencies and fulfilling regulatory compliance requirements, including products and services that facilitate convenient and secure cash and cashless financial transactions, self-service player loyalty tools and applications, and regulatory and intelligence software.

Everi  reports  its  financial  performance,  and  organizes  and  manages  its  operations,  across  the  following  two  business  segments:  (i)  Games  and  (ii) Financial Technology Solutions ('FinTech').

Everi  Games provides gaming operators with gaming technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) gaming machines, primarily comprising Class II and Class III slot machines placed under participation or fixed-fee lease arrangements or sold to casino customers; (ii) providing and maintaining the central determinant systems for the video lottery terminals ('VLTs') installed in the State of New York and similar technology in certain tribal jurisdictions; and (iii) business-to-business ('B2B') digital online gaming activities.

Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology products and services, including: (i) financial access and related services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels; (ii) loyalty and marketing software and tools, regulatory and compliance ('RegTech') software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services. Our services operate as part of an end-to-end security suite  to  protect  against  cyber-related  attacks  and  maintain  the  necessary  secured  environments  to  maintain  compliance  with  applicable  regulatory requirements. These solutions include: access to cash and cashless funding at gaming facilities via Automated Teller Machine ('ATM') debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and point of sale ('POS') debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub  Wallet,  check  warranty  services,  self-service  ATMs  and  fully  integrated  kiosk  and  maintenance  services;  self-service  loyalty  tools  and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings.

With respect to our FinTech business, we have made the following updates to certain of our financial statement descriptions, where applicable: (i) 'Cash access  services'  has  become  'Financial  access  services';  (ii)  'ATM'  has  been  renamed  'Funds  dispensed';  (iii)  'Equipment'  has  been  changed  to 'Hardware'; and (iv) 'Information services and other' has been revised to 'Software and other.' These naming convention changes better represent how our business has evolved.

## Impact of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 ('COVID-19') Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, temporarily lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility in the financial markets, increased unemployment levels, and caused temporary, and in certain cases, permanent closures of many businesses. The initial impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have begun to subside with certain aspects of the global economy, equity market valuations,  and  increased  unemployment  levels  showing  signs  of  recovery.  The  gaming  industry  was  not  immune  to  these  factors  as  our  casino customers closed their gaming establishments in the first quarter of 2020, with many beginning to reopen their operations over the remainder of 2020 and throughout 2021. As a result, our operations experienced significant disruptions in the first three quarters of 2020. At the immediate onset of the COVID19 pandemic, we were affected by various measures, including, but not limited to: the institution of social distancing and sheltering-in-place requirements in many states and communities where we operate, which significantly impacted demand for our products and services, and resulted in office closures, the furlough of a majority of our employees, the implementation of temporary base salary reductions for our employees and the implementation of a workfrom-home policy.

Since the onset of COVID-19, we have implemented measures to mitigate our exposure throughout the global pandemic. While there may be further uncertainty facing our customers as a result of COVID-19, we continue to evaluate our business strategies and the impacts of the global pandemic on our results of operations and financial condition and make business decisions to mitigate  further  risk.  While  gaming  industry  conditions  have  improved  significantly  in  2021  compared  to  2020,  it  is  unclear  if  the  customer  volumes experienced will continue to exceed pre-COVID levels. Resurgences of COVID-19 and its variants could result in reduced patron demand for gaming and could also result in new closures of casinos by the various governmental and regulatory agencies overseeing our customers, or even by the casino operators themselves, in an effort to contain the COVID-19 global pandemic, or mitigate its impact and the effect of vaccines on these matters.

As of December 31, 2021, excluding the few casinos that have permanently closed, there are only a minimal number of customer sites, located primarily in Canada and other international markets, whose operations still remain closed. Our revenues, cash flows, and liquidity for the fourth quarter of 2021 exceeded  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020,  which  were  significantly  impacted  by  the  effects  of  COVID-19.  At  the  onset  of  the  pandemic,  our  customers implemented  protocols  intended  to  protect  their  patrons  and  guests  from  potential  COVID-19  exposure  and  re-establish  customer  confidence  in  the gaming  and  hospitality  industry.  These  measures  included  enhanced  sanitization,  limitations  on  public  gathering  and  casino  capacity,  patron  social distancing requirements, and limitations on casino operations and amenities, which have limited the number of patrons that are able or who desire to attend these venues. This has also impacted the pace at which demand for our products and services rebounds.

With some limitations still in effect, we expect that demand and supply for our products and services may be tempered in the short-term, to the extent gaming activity decreases at our customers' locations or fails to increase at expected rates and to the extent our customers decide to continue to restrict their capital spending as a result of uncertainty in the industry, or supply chain disruptions that might impact customer deliveries or otherwise. As a result, we continue to monitor and manage liquidity levels and we may, from time to time, evaluate available capital resource alternatives on acceptable terms to provide additional financial flexibility.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic also exacerbates the risks disclosed in the Annual Report, including, but not limited to: our ability to comply with the terms of our indebtedness; our ability to generate revenues, earn profits and maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to service existing and attract new customers and maintain our overall competitiveness in the market; the potential for significant fluctuations in demand for our products and services; overall  trends  in  the  gaming  industry  impacting  our  business;  and  potential  volatility  in  our  stock  price,  among  other  concerns  such  as  cybersecurity exposure.

## Additional Items Impacting Comparability of Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Our Financial Statements included in this report reflect the following additional items impacting the comparability of results of operations:

- In 2021, we decreased our valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets by approximately $67.9 million, of which $63.5 million was released during the fourth quarter of 2021, due to the removal of the full valuation allowance on our federal and certain states deferred tax assets.
- During the third quarter of 2021, we completed a refinancing of our prior credit facilities and entered into a credit agreement and a letter of credit (the 'New Credit Agreement'). The New Credit Agreement provides for: (i) a seven-year $600 million senior secured term loan due 2028 issued at 99.75% of par (the 'New Term Loan'); and (ii) a $125 million senior secured revolving credit facility due 2026, which was undrawn at closing (the 'New Revolver' and together with the New Term Loan, the 'New Credit Facilities'). The fees associated with the New Credit Facilities were approximately $13.9 million, which included discounts of approximately $1.5 million.
-    During the third quarter of 2021, we completed a refinancing of our 7.50% senior unsecured notes due in 2025 (the '2017 Unsecured Notes') with an offering of $400 million in aggregate principal, issued at par, of 5.00% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the '2021 Unsecured Notes'). The fees associated with the 2021 Unsecured Notes included debt issuance costs of approximately $5.9 million.
-    During the third quarter of 2021, in connection with these refinancing and repayment activities, the total fees were approximately $40.6 million, comprised of approximately $20.8 million of early redemption penalties and make-whole interest associated with the prior debt instruments and approximately $19.8 million of capitalized debt issuance costs attributable to the new debt instruments.
-    During the third quarter of 2021, in connection with these refinancing and repayment activities, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $34.4 million, comprised of cash charges of approximately $20.8 million for prepayment penalties and make-whole interest and non-cash charges of approximately $13.6 million related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts associated with the prior credit facility (the 'Prior Term Loan'), the prior incremental term loan facility (the 'Prior Incremental Term Loan') and the 2017 Unsecured Notes.

As a result of these events, together with the impacts of COVID-19, our results of operations and earnings per share in the periods covered by our Financial Statements may not be directly comparable.

## Trends and Developments Impacting our Business

Our  strategic  planning  and  forecasting  processes  include  the  consideration  of  economic  and  industry  wide  trends  that  may  impact  our  Games  and FinTech businesses. Below we have identified a number of trends that could have a material impact on our business:

- Casino gaming is dependent upon discretionary consumer spending, which is typically the first type of spending that is restrained by consumers when they are uncertain about their jobs and income. Global economic uncertainty in the marketplace may have an impact on casino gaming, gaming establishment capital budgets, and ultimately the demand for new gaming equipment, which impacts both of our segments.
- The total North American installed slot base was slightly lower at the end of 2020 than for 2019, due to reduced capital spending and equipment removals by casino operators due to the impact of COVID-19 restrictions and casino closures. The total base had previously increased in both 2019 and 2018. In 2021, the North American installed base increased modestly compared to 2020 and we expect slight to moderate growth in the forward replacement cycle for slot machines in 2022 and in the total installed base compared to 2021, which could have a positive impact on our Games segment while new machine demand associated with new casino openings and major expansions is likely to be relatively flat yearover-year in 2022.
- We face continued competition from competitors in the gaming financial access market, as well as from larger gaming equipment manufacturers and systems providers. This competition continues to contribute to ongoing pricing pressure for both our Games and FinTech businesses.
- Concerns related to COVID-19 have increased interest in self-service and cashless alternatives by casino operators and casino patrons. With the introduction of our cashless, touchless CashClub Wallet solution, this could have a positive impact on our FinTech segment, but could also result in added competition from new competitors.
- Disruption of global supply chains experienced in 2021 related to COVID-19 may negatively impact the anticipated increase in sales of gaming equipment in the beginning of 2022. No material worsening of supply chain disruption is expected and improvements could have a positive impact on our ability to maintain year over year growth in sales of gaming equipment.
- Transaction processing and related fees have increased in recent years. We expect the financial services and payments industry to respond to these changes, including in ways that may negatively impact our FinTech business in the future.
- Governmental and regulatory oversight on cash transactions, financial services, and payments processing may provide continued motivation for gaming establishments to consider additional products and services that facilitate regulatory compliance and operational efficiencies.
- We derive a significant portion of our revenue from Native American tribal customers, and our ability to effectively operate in Native American gaming markets is vulnerable to legal and regulatory uncertainties, including the ability to enforce contractual rights on Native American land.
- Casino operators continue to broaden their appeal by focusing on investments in non-gaming amenities for their facilities, which could impact casino operator's capital allocations for games and payment solution products and services that impact both of our operating segments.
- Inflation has increased significantly over prior years, including as a result of recovery from the negative impacts of COVID-19. This is placing pressure on competitive wages, and will likely lead to increases in wages and other costs incurred to develop produce and ship our products.

## Operating Segments

We report our financial performance within two operating segments: (i) Games; and (ii) FinTech. For additional information on our segments see 'Item 1. Business'  and 'Part  II  -  Item  8  -  Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data  -  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  -  Note  18  Segment Information' included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Results of Operations

## Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020

The following table presents our Results of Operations as reported for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 (amounts in thousands)*:

| Year Ended  December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  2021 vs 2020  $  %  $  %  $  %  Revenues  Games revenues  Gaming operations  $  272,767  41 %  $  156,199  41 %  $  116,568  75 %  Gaming equipment and systems  103,844  16 %  44,006  11 %  59,838  136 %  Gaming other  118  - %  96  - %  22  23 %  Games total revenues  376,729  57 %  200,301  52 %  176,428  88 %  FinTech revenues  Financial access services  178,019  28 %  112,035  30 %  65,984  59 %  Software and other  67,797  10 %  47,041  12 %  20,756  44 %  Hardware  37,840  6 %  24,297  6 %  13,543  56 %  FinTech total revenues  283,656  43 %  183,373  48 %  100,283  55 %  Total revenues  660,385  100 %  383,674  100 %  276,711  72 %  Costs and expenses  Games cost of revenues  Gaming operations  21,663  3 %  15,192  4 %  6,471  43 %  Gaming equipment and systems  60,093  9 %  25,680  7 %  34,413  134 %  Gaming other  -  - %  456  - %  (456)  (100)%  Games total cost of revenues  81,756  12 %  41,328  11 %  40,428  98 %  FinTech cost of revenues  Financial access services  6,779  1 %  6,755  2 %  24  - %  Software and other  4,129  - %  3,029  1 %  1,100  36 %  Hardware  22,785  3 %  14,724  3 %  8,061  55 %  FinTech total cost of revenues  33,693  5 %  24,508  6 %  9,185  37 %  Operating expenses  188,900  29 %  152,546  40 %  36,354  24 %  Research and development  39,051  6 %  27,943  7 %  11,108  40 %  Depreciation  61,487  9 %  67,459  17 %  (5,972)  (9)%  Amortization  57,987  9 %  75,305  20 %  (17,318)  (23)%  Total costs and expenses  462,874  70 %  389,089  101 %  73,785  19 %  Operating income (loss)  197,511  30 %  (5,415)  (1)%  202,926  3,747 %  (1)  (1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Rounding may cause variances.

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

| Year Ended  December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  2021 vs 2020  $  %  $  %  $  %  Other expenses  Interest expense, net of interest income  62,097  9 %  74,564  19 %  (12,467)  (17)%  Loss on extinguishment of debt  34,389  5 %  7,457  2 %  26,932  361 %  Total other expenses  96,486  15 %  82,021  21 %  14,465  18 %  Income (loss) before income tax  101,025  15 %  (87,436)  (23)%  188,461  216 %  Income tax benefit  (51,900)  (8)%  (5,756)  (2)%  46,144  802 %  Net income (loss)  $  152,925  23 %  $  (81,680)  (21)%  $  234,605  287 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Rounding may cause variances.

We continued to experience a certain level of recovery from the global pandemic for the year ended December 31, 2021, and as a result, our revenues, costs and expenses were stronger than expected in the current year, as compared to the prior year, which were negatively impacted at the onset of COVID-19. As of December 31, 2021, excluding the few casinos that have permanently closed, there are only a minimal number of customer sites, located primarily in Canada and other international markets, whose operations still remain closed.

## Total Revenues

Total revenues increased by approximately $276.7 million, or 72%, to approximately $660.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to  the higher Games and FinTech revenues described below.

Games  revenues  increased  by  approximately  $176.4  million,  or  88%,  to  approximately  $376.7  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to  contributions from our gaming operations revenues that included: (i) an increase in both the total number of units in our installed base and the average daily win per unit, particularly associated with a greater mix of premium units; (ii) an increase in our New York Lottery results as business reopened in late 2020 and operating restrictions to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 were reduced; and (iii) greater B2B digital and interactive results as we began to provide our services to new markets. In addition, we had an increase in the number of machines sold with a higher average selling price per unit from our gaming equipment revenues.

FinTech  revenues  increased  by  approximately  $100.3  million,  or  55%,  to  approximately  $283.7  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to contributions that included: (i) an increase in both transaction and dollar volumes in base, new and renewed business from our financial access services revenues; (ii) higher software sales and support related service fees attributable to our compliance, Central Credit, kiosk and loyalty solutions from our software and other revenues; and (iii) an increase in unit sales of both our kiosk and loyalty equipment with a mix of more higher priced loyalty equipment sold from our hardware revenues.

## Costs and Expenses

Total costs and expenses increased by approximately $73.8 million, or 19%, to approximately $462.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to  higher Games and FinTech costs and expenses described below.

Games cost of revenues increased by approximately $40.4 million, or 98%, to approximately $81.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the additional variable costs associated with the higher unit sales from our gaming equipment and systems revenues.

FinTech cost of revenues increased by approximately $9.2 million, or 37%, to approximately $33.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the additional variable costs associated with the higher unit sales from our hardware revenues, partially offset by reduced warranty expense from our check warranty solutions from our financial access services.

Operating  expenses  increased  by  approximately  $36.4  million,  or  24%,  to  approximately  $188.9  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to higher payroll and related expenses to support our Games and FinTech businesses. In addition, the increase was associated with the prior year as many of the Company's employees were still on furlough, and those that remained were on reduced pay levels during that time period. This increase in operating expenses was partially offset by the recovery of a settlement from a dispute with an insurance carrier  for  a  payment  associated  with  the  Fair  and  Accurate  Credit  Transactions  Act  legal  matter  of  approximately  $1.9  million,  which  was  offset  by approximately $0.8 million of additional legal fees related to the settlement and collection of this recovery for our FinTech segment.

Research and development expense increased by approximately $11.1 million, or 40%, to approximately $39.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to higher payroll and related expenses, consulting fees, certification charges and testing costs from our Games and FinTech segments.

Depreciation  expense  decreased  by  approximately  $6.0  million,  or  9%,  to  approximately  $61.5  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily associated with certain of our fixed assets that were fully depreciated in our Games segment.

Amortization  expense  decreased by approximately $17.3 million,  or  23%,  to  approximately  $58.0  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to certain intangible assets recorded in connection with the acquisition of the Games business being fully amortized.

Primarily as a result of the factors described above, our operating income increased by approximately $202.9 million, or 3,747%, and resulted in an operating income of approximately $197.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. The operating income margin was 30% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to an operating loss margin of 1% for the prior year.

Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased by approximately $12.5 million, or 17%, to approximately $62.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to lower debt balances and more favorable variable interest rates in effect for certain of our debt instruments and a reduction in the LIBOR floor on our Prior Term Loan as a result of a repricing transaction in February 2021, a refinancing of the 2017 Unsecured Notes in July 2021 with the issuance of our 2021 Unsecured Notes and entering into the New Term Loan in August 2021.

Loss on extinguishment of debt increased by $26.9 million, or 361%, to approximately $34.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to increased loss from the refinancing of our 2017 Unsecured Notes in July 2021 and entering into our New Term Loan in August 2021.

Income tax benefit increased by $46.1 million, or 802%, to approximately $51.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2021 reflected an effective income tax rate of negative 51.4%, which was less than the statutory federal rate of 21.0%, primarily due to a decrease in our valuation allowance as we removed the full valuation allowance on our federal and certain states deferred tax assets. For additional information, refer to 'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data -  Notes  to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 17 - Income Taxes'.

Primarily  as  a  result  of  the  factors  described  above,  we  had  net  income  of  approximately  $152.9  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  as compared to a prior year net loss of approximately $81.7 million.

## Year ended December 31, 2020 compared to year ended December 31, 2019:

The following table presents our Results of Operations as reported for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 (amounts in thousands)*:

| Year Ended  December 31, 2020  December 31, 2019  2020 vs 2019  $  %  $  %  $  %  Revenues  Games revenues  Gaming operations  $  156,199  41 %  $  188,874  35 %  $  (32,675)  (17)%  Gaming equipment and systems  44,006  11 %  90,919  17 %  (46,913)  (52)%  Gaming other  96  - %  3,326  1 %  (3,230)  (97)%  Games total revenues  200,301  52 %  283,119  53 %  (82,818)  (29)%  FinTech revenues  Financial access services  112,035  30 %  164,741  31 %  (52,706)  (32)%  Software and other  47,041  12 %  47,502  9 %  (461)  (1)%  Hardware  24,297  6 %  37,865  7 %  (13,568)  (36)%  FinTech total revenues  183,373  48 %  250,108  47 %  (66,735)  (27)%  Total revenues  383,674  100 %  533,227  100 %  (149,553)  (28)%  Costs and expenses  Games cost of revenues  Gaming operations  15,192  4 %  18,043  3 %  (2,851)  (16)%  Gaming equipment and systems  25,680  7 %  50,826  10 %  (25,146)  (49)%  Gaming other  456  - %  3,025  - %  (2,569)  (85)%  Games total cost of revenues  41,328  11 %  71,894  13 %  (30,566)  (43)%  FinTech cost of revenues  Financial access services  6,755  2 %  14,236  3 %  (7,481)  (53)%  Software and other  3,029  1 %  3,964  1 %  (935)  (24)%  Hardware  14,724  3 %  22,292  4 %  (7,568)  (34)%  FinTech total cost of revenues  24,508  6 %  40,492  8 %  (15,984)  (39)%  Operating expenses  152,546  40 %  162,184  30 %  (9,638)  (6)%  Research and development  27,943  7 %  32,505  6 %  (4,562)  (14)%  Depreciation  67,459  17 %  63,198  12 %  4,261  7 %  Amortization  75,305  20 %  68,937  13 %  6,368  9 %  Total costs and expenses  389,089  101 %  439,210  82 %  (50,121)  (11)%  Operating (loss) income  (5,415)  (1)%  94,017  18 %  (99,432)  (106)%  (1)  (1)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Rounding may cause variances.

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

| Year Ended  December 31, 2020  December 31, 2019  2020 vs 2019  $  %  $  %  $  %  Other expenses  Interest expense, net of interest income  74,564  19 %  77,844  15 %  (3,280)  (4)%  Loss on extinguishment of debt  7,457  2 %  179  - %  7,278  4066 %  Total other expenses  82,021  21 %  78,023  15 %  3,998  5 %  Income before income tax  (87,436)  (23)%  15,994  3 %  (103,430)  (647)%  Income tax benefit  (5,756)  (2)%  (523)  - %  5,233  1001 %  Net (loss) income  $  (81,680)  (21)%  $  16,517  3 %  $  (98,197)  (595)%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Rounding may cause variances.

## Total Revenues

Total revenues decreased by approximately $149.6 million, or 28%, to approximately $383.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 and the closure of many casino properties for a portion of the year. Games revenues decreased by approximately $82.8 million, or 29%, to approximately $200.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. We had: (i) a decline in the sale of gaming machines included in our gaming equipment and systems revenues; and (ii) a decrease in the average daily win per unit as a result of units being deactivated for a prolonged period of time on a higher installed base of leased games largely reflecting greater demand for our premium units included in our gaming operations revenues. FinTech revenues decreased by approximately $66.7 million, or 27%, to approximately $183.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. We had: (i) a decline in the dollar and transaction volumes included in our financial access services revenues; and (ii) a decrease in the sale of full service kiosks, partially offset by an increase in our loyalty kiosks included in our hardware revenues.

## Costs and Expenses

Total costs and expenses decreased by approximately $50.1 million, or 11%, to approximately $389.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to the impact of COVID-19 and the closure of many casino properties for a portion of the year. Games cost of revenues decreased by approximately $30.6 million, or 43%, to approximately $41.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. We had a reduction in the variable costs included in our gaming and equipment systems cost of revenues as a result of the decline in the sale of machines. FinTech cost of revenues decreased by approximately $16.0 million, or 39%, to approximately $24.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. We had a reduction in the variable costs primarily as a result of: (i) a decline in the dollar and transaction volumes included in our financial access services cost of revenues; and (ii) a decrease in the sale of full-service kiosks, partially offset by an increase in our loyalty kiosks included in our hardware revenues.

Operating  expenses  decreased  by  approximately  $9.6  million,  or  6%,  to  approximately  $152.5  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to lower payroll and related expenses and trade show-related costs from actions taken in response to COVID-19 for both our Games and FinTech operating segments. In addition, our legal expenses were lower as a result of the litigation costs we incurred in the prior year in connection with our FACTA matter related to our FinTech operating segment.

Research and development decreased by approximately $4.6 million, or 14%, to approximately $27.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to lower payroll and related costs included in our Games segment in light of actions taken in response to COVID-19, partially offset by higher payroll and related costs included in our FinTech segment primarily as a result of the acquisition of certain assets in connection with our loyalty solutions in the prior year as costs for research and development consist primarily of salaries and benefits, consulting fees, certification and testing costs.

Depreciation increased by approximately $4.3 million, or 7%, to approximately $67.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to an increase in the installed base of lease gaming machines placed in service included in our Games segment.

Amortization increased by approximately $6.4 million, or 9%, to approximately $75.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to the release of new game themes included in our Games segment and the intangible assets acquired in the prior year in connection with the loyalty business included in our FinTech segment.

Primarily as a result of the factors and responsive actions taken, described above, in light of COVID-19 and the closure of many casino properties for a portion of the year, operating income decreased by approximately $99.4 million, or 106%, and resulted in an operating loss of approximately $5.4 million for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020,  as  compared  to  the  prior  year.  The  operating  loss  margin  was  1%  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2020 compared to an operating income margin of 18% for the prior year.

Interest expense, net of interest income, decreased by approximately $3.3 million, or 4%, to approximately $74.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily due to lower debt balances with respect to certain of our instruments and more favorable variable interest rates in effect for certain of our debt instruments; partially offset by: (i) the amortization of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the Fourth Amendment to the existing Credit Agreement and entering into the Incremental Term Loan Credit Agreement; (ii) the additional Incremental Term Loan debt incurred with less  favorable  variable  interest  rates  in  effect;  (iii)  an  adjustment  to,  and  the  associated  accretion  of,  interest  related  to  the acquisition of certain assets from Atrient and MGT in the prior year; and (iv) a reduction in interest income earned.

Loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 was a result of the redemption and repurchase transactions related to the 2017 Unsecured Notes.

Income tax benefit increased by $5.2 million, or 1001%, to approximately $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2020 reflected an effective income tax rate of 6.6%, which was less than the statutory federal rate of 21.0%, primarily due to an increase in our valuation allowance as a result of the book loss incurred during the year, partially offset by certain  indefinite  lived  deferred  tax  assets  that  may  be  offset  against  our  indefinite  lived  deferred  tax  liabilities.  The  income  tax  benefit  reflected  an effective income tax rate of negative 3.3% for the prior year, which was less than the statutory federal rate of 21.0%, primarily due to a partial decrease in our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and a research credit.

Primarily as a result of the factors and responsive actions taken, described above, in light of COVID-19, our net income decreased by approximately $98.2 million, or 595%, as compared to the prior year, and resulted in a net loss of approximately $81.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ('GAAP') requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in our Financial Statements. The SEC has defined critical accounting estimates as those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial condition or results of operations of the registrant. Based on this definition, we have identified  our  critical  accounting  policies  as  those  addressed  below.  We  also  have  other  key  accounting  policies  that  involve  the  use  of  estimates, judgments, and assumptions. Refer to 'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant  Accounting  Policies'  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  a summary of these policies. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable, based upon information presently available; however, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

## Income Taxes

Deferred Tax Assets. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our Financial Statements or income tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on the income tax provision or benefit and deferred tax assets and liabilities for a change in rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date.

When measuring deferred tax assets, certain estimates and assumptions are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established by evaluating both positive and negative factors in accordance with accounting guidance. This evaluation requires that we exercise judgment in determining the relative significance of each factor. The assessment of the valuation allowance involves significant estimates regarding future taxable income and when  it  is  recognized,  the  amount  and  timing  of  taxable  differences,  the  reversal  of  temporary  differences  and  the  implementation  of  tax-planning strategies. A valuation allowance is established based on the weight of available evidence, including both positive and negative indicators, if it is more likely than not that a portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Greater weight is given to evidence that is objectively verifiable, most notably historical results. If we report a cumulative loss from continuing operations before income taxes for a reasonable period of time, this form of negative evidence is difficult to overcome. In that case, we include certain aspects of our historical results in our forecasts of future taxable income, as we do not have the ability to solely rely on forecasted improvements in earnings to recover deferred tax assets. When we report a cumulative loss position, to the extent our results of operations improve, such that we have the ability to overcome the more likely than not accounting standard, we may be able to reverse  the  valuation  allowance  in  the  applicable  period  of  determination.  In  addition,  we  rely  on  deferred  tax  liabilities  in  our  assessment  of  the realizability of deferred tax assets if the temporary timing difference is anticipated to reverse in the same period and jurisdiction and the deferred tax liabilities are of the same character as the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets.

Based on an evaluation of the then-available positive and negative evidence, we determined it was appropriate to establish a full valuation allowance on our federal and states deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2016. At that time, and in subsequent quarters, negative evidence, including three years of cumulative losses, outweighed the positive evidence. However, as of December 31, 2021, our U.S. operations emerged from a three-year cumulative loss  position.  Our  U.S.  federal  and  state  operating  businesses  had  deferred  tax  asset  valuation  allowances  of  approximately  $68.7  million  as  of December 31, 2020. Based on our most recent analysis as of December 31, 2021, we decreased our valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets by approximately $67.9 million, of which $63.5 million was released during the fourth quarter of 2021, due to the removal of the full valuation allowance on our federal and certain states deferred tax assets in 2021. The significant positive evidence in our analysis included: improvements in profitability, product mix, capital levels, credit metrics, a stabilizing economy and future longer-term forecasts showing sustained profitability. We believe the positive evidence now outweighs the negative evidence as of December 31, 2021 and it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. Refer to 'Part II  -  Item  8  -  Financial  Statements  and  Supplementary  Data  -  Notes  to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  - Note  2 -  Summary  of  Significant Accounting Policies' and 'Note 17 - Income Taxes' included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion.

There  can  be  no  assurance  that  our  estimates  and  assumptions  made  for  purposes  of  our  measurement  of  deferred  tax  assets  as  of  the  time  of evaluation will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If our assumptions regarding business plans, competitive environments, anticipated growth rates, or expectations of results of operations and financial condition are not correct, we may be required to record a valuation allowance in future periods, whether in connection with our next annual measurement, or earlier, in the event an indicator of strong negative evidence is present at such time during the year.

Uncertain Tax Positions. We also follow GAAP to account for uncertainty in income taxes as recognized in our Financial Statements. The accounting standard  creates  a  single  model  to  address  uncertainty  in  income  tax  positions  and  prescribes  the  minimum  recognition  threshold  a  tax  position  is required  to  meet  before  being  recognized  in  our  Financial  Statements.  The  standard  also  provides  guidance  on  derecognition,  measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.

Under this standard, we may recognize tax benefits from an uncertain position only if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the issue. The amount recognized is the largest benefit that we believe has greater than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Actual income taxes paid may vary from estimates depending upon changes in income tax laws, actual results of operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed.

We analyzed filing positions in the federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions in which we are required to file income tax returns, as well as the open tax years in  these  jurisdictions.  As  of  December  31,  2021,  we  recorded  approximately $2.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. We do not anticipate that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change within the next 12 months. The Company has not  accrued  any  penalties  and  interest  for  its  unrecognized  tax  benefits.  Other  than  the  unrecognized  tax  benefit  recorded,  we  believe  that  our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained upon audit, and we do not anticipate other adjustments that will result in a material change to our financial position. We may, from time to time, be assessed interest or penalties by tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to our financial results. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits and unrecognized tax benefits is  to  record  such  items  as  a  component  of  income  tax  in  our  Statements  of  Operations.  Refer  to  'Part  II  -  Item  8  -  Financial  Statements  and Supplementary Data - Notes to

Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ' and 'Note 17 - Income Taxes' included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion.

## Goodwill

We had approximately $682.7 million of goodwill, of which approximately $449.0 million was generated by our Games reporting unit, on our Balance Sheets at December 31, 2021 resulting from acquisitions of other businesses. We test for impairment annually on a reporting unit basis, at the beginning of our fourth fiscal quarter, or more often under certain circumstances. Our reporting units are identified as operating segments or one level below and we evaluate our reporting units at least annually. Refer to 'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial  Statements  -  Note  10  -  Goodwill  and  Other  Intangible  Assets'  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  a  further discussion.

The annual evaluation of goodwill requires the use of different assumptions, estimates, or judgments in the goodwill impairment testing process, such as: the methodology, the estimated future cash flows of our reporting units, the discount rate used to present value such cash flows, and the market multiples of comparable companies. Management performs its annual forecasting process, which, among other factors, includes reviewing recent historical results, company-specific variables,  and  industry  trends.  This  process  is  generally  fluid  throughout  each  year  and  considered  in  conjunction  with  the  annual goodwill  impairment  evaluation.  Changes  in  forecasted  operations  can  materially  affect  these  estimates,  which  could  materially  affect  our  results  of operations. Our estimates of fair value require significant judgment and are based on assumptions we determined to be reasonable; however, they are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, including: estimates of future growth rates, operating margins, results of operations and financial condition, and assumptions about the overall economic climate as well as the competitive environment for our reporting units.

There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our goodwill testing as of the time of testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If our assumptions regarding business plans, competitive environments, anticipated growth rates, or expectations of results of operations and financial condition are not correct, we may be required to record goodwill impairment charges in future periods, whether in connection with our next annual impairment testing process, or earlier, in the event an indicator of impairment is present at such time during the year.

## Recent Accounting Guidance

For a description of our recently adopted accounting guidance and recent accounting guidance not yet adopted, see 'Part II  - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Guidance' included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Overview

The following table presents selected information about our financial position (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Balance sheet data  Total assets  $  1,635,650  $  1,477,179  Total borrowings  981,525  1,129,253  Total stockholders' equity (deficit)  174,500  (7,898)  Cash available  Cash and cash equivalents  $  302,009  $  251,706  Settlement receivables  89,275  60,652  Settlement liabilities  (291,861)  (173,211)  Net cash position  99,423  139,147  Undrawn revolving credit facility  125,000  35,000  Net cash available  $  224,423  $  174,147  (1)  (1)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Non-GAAP measure. In order to enhance investor understanding of our cash balance, we are providing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Net Cash Position and Net Cash Available, which are not measures of our financial performance or position under GAAP. Accordingly, these measures should not  be  considered  in  isolation  or  as  a  substitute  for  GAAP  measures,  and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our  balance  sheets  prepared  in accordance with GAAP. We define our (i) Net Cash Position as cash and cash equivalents plus settlement receivables less settlement liabilities; and (ii)  Net Cash Available as Net Cash Position plus undrawn amounts available under our Revolving Credit Facility. Our Net Cash Position and Net Cash Available change substantially based upon the timing of our receipt of funds for settlement receivables and payments we make to customers for our settlement liabilities. We present these non-GAAP measures as we monitor these amounts in connection with forecasting of cash flows and future cash requirements, both on a short-term and long-term basis.

## Issuance of Common Stock

In December 2019, we filed with the SEC an automatic shelf registration statement for an undetermined amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, and/or units that the Company may offer and sell in one or more offerings on terms to be decided at the time of sale, which will expire on December 4, 2022.

In December 2019, we then issued and sold 11,500,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to a prospectus supplement under the automatic shelf registration  statement,  for  which  the  aggregate  net  proceeds  of  approximately  $122.4  million  were  utilized  to  pay  down  and  reprice  a  portion  of  our existing indebtedness.

## Cash Resources

As of December 31, 2021, our cash balance, cash flows and line of credit are expected to be sufficient to meet our recurring operating commitments and to fund our planned capital expenditures on both, a short- and long-term basis. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2021 included cash in nonU.S. jurisdictions of approximately $17.5 million. Generally, these funds are available for operating and investment purposes within the jurisdiction in which they reside,  and  we  may  from  time  to  time  consider  repatriating  these  foreign  funds  to  the  United  States,  subject  to  potential  withholding  tax obligations, based on operating requirements.

We expect that cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient for our operating and debt servicing needs during the foreseeable future on both a short- and long-term basis. In addition, we have sufficient borrowings available under our senior secured revolving credit facility to meet further funding requirements. We monitor the financial strength of our lenders on an ongoing basis using publicly available information. Based upon available information, we believe our lenders should be able to honor their commitments under the New Credit Agreement (defined in 'Note 12 - Long-Term Debt').

## Cash Flows

The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  $ Change  2021  2020  2019  2021 vs 2020  2020 vs 2019  Cash flow activities  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  391,630  $  36,179  $  84,890  $  355,451  $  (48,711)  Net cash used in investing activities  (151,912)  (94,118)  (166,337)  (57,794)  72,219  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (188,359)  15,066  77,613  (203,425)  (62,547)  Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents  18  (1,388)  1,263  1,406  (2,651)  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  Net increase (decrease) for the period  51,377  (44,261)  (2,571)  95,638  (41,690)  Balance, beginning of the period  252,349  296,610  299,181  (44,261)  (2,571)  Balance, end of the period  $  303,726  $  252,349  $  296,610  $  51,377  $  (44,261)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash flows provided by operating activities increased by approximately $355.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily attributable to net income earned and changes in working capital, most notably associated with settlement activities from our FinTech  segment,  partially  offset  by  loss  on  extinguishment  of  debt  incurred  during  the  year  ended  December  30,  2021.  Cash  flows  provided  by operating activities decreased by approximately $48.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year, primarily attributable to the impact of COVID-19 on our Games and FinTech segments, as well as changes in working capital and non-cash adjustments from our Games and FinTech segments.

Cash flows used in investing activities increased by approximately $57.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This  was  primarily  attributable  to  an  increase  in  capital  expenditures  in  our  Games  and  FinTech  segments.  In  addition,  this  increase  was  due  to placement fees from our Games segment. Cash flows used in investing activities decreased by approximately $72.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year, primarily attributable to our response to the impact of COVID-19, for which we reduced our capital expenditures in both our Games and FinTech segments, and the impact of the acquisition of certain loyalty related assets in our FinTech segment in the prior year.

Cash flows used in financing activities increased by approximately $203.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily attributable to the refinancing of our 2017 Unsecured Notes in July 2021 and entering into our New Term Loan in August 2021 and incurring  fees  associated  with  these  transactions.  In  addition,  we  made  a  final  earnout  payment  during  the  current  period  with  respect  to  the  Atrient transaction. Cash flows provided by financing activities decreased by approximately $62.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2020, as compared to the prior year. This was primarily attributable to the repayments of borrowings under our 2017 Unsecured Notes and Senior Secured Credit Facilities during the period and the secondary equity offering in the prior year, partially offset by the proceeds from the Incremental Term Loan.

## Capital Expenditures

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash spent for capital expenditures, excluding placement fees, totaled $104.7 million, of which $81.7 million and $23.0 million was related to our Games and FinTech segments, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash spent for capital expenditures totaled $76.4 million, of which $62.6 million and $13.8 million, was related to our Games and FinTech segments, respectively.  We paid approximately $31.5 million, $3.1 million, and $17.7 million in placement fees for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020,  and 2019, respectively. In September 2021, we entered into a placement fee agreement with a customer for certain of its locations for approximately $28.9 million, which we settled in October 2021. There were no material imputed interest amounts recorded in connection with these payments for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31,  2019, the payments made included approximately $0.6 million of imputed interest .

## Long-Term Debt

At  December  31,  2021,  we  had  approximately  $599  million  of  borrowings  outstanding  under  the  New  Term  Loan  and  there  were  no  borrowings outstanding under the New Revolver. We had $125 million of additional borrowing availability under the

New Revolver as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2021, we had approximately $400 million outstanding under our 2021 Unsecured Notes.

For additional information regarding our credit agreement and other debt as well as interest rate risk see 'Contractual Obligations' in this Item 7 below, 'Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,'  and 'Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 12 - Long-Term Debt.'

## Contractual Obligations

The following summarizes our contractual cash obligations (in thousands):

| At December 31,  Total  2022  2023  2024  2025  2026  Thereafter  Contractual obligations  Debt obligations  $  998,500  $  6,000  $  6,000  $  6,000  $  6,000  $  6,000  $  968,500  Estimated interest obligations  276,275  38,086  38,015  37,805  37,588  37,406  87,375  Lease obligations  19,389  6,635  5,001  3,739  2,971  889  154  Purchase obligations  124,385  86,924  14,997  8,227  4,198  4,477  5,562  Total contractual obligations  $  1,418,549  $  137,645  $  64,013  $  55,771  $  50,757  $  48,772  $  1,061,591  (1)  (2)  (3)  (4)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As part of the New Term Loan, we are required to make quarterly principle payments with the remaining principal being due on the maturity date. The 2021 Unsecured Notes do not require a quarterly principal payment with the final principal repayment installment being due on the maturity date. For additional information see Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 12 - Long-Term Debt'

(2) Estimated interest payments were computed using the interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021 multiplied by the principal balance outstanding. For our debt obligations, the weighted average rate assumed was approximately 3.80% until August 3, 2028, when the weighted average rate would increase to 5.00% until the remaining debt is fully satisfied in 2029.

(3) Our lease obligations primarily consist of real estate arrangements we enter into with third parties. For additional information see 'Part II - Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -  Note 3 - Leases.'

(4) The Company is a party to certain purchase obligations, which primarily include purchases of raw materials, capital expenditures, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our business. The purchase obligations represent open purchase orders with our suppliers that have not yet been received as these agreements generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust terms based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.

(5) Represents our obligations under the asset purchase agreements with Atrient and MGT discussed in 'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 4 - Business Combinations.'  we anticipate paying these obligations during 2021 from our operating funds.

## Other Liquidity Needs and Resources

We need cash to support  our  foreign  operations.  Depending  on  the  jurisdiction  and  the  treaty  between  different  foreign  jurisdictions,  our  applicable withholding tax rates could vary significantly. If we expand our business into new foreign jurisdictions, we will rely on treaty-favored cross-border transfers of funds, the cash generated by our operations in those foreign jurisdictions or alternate sources of working capital.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

In the normal course of business, we have commercial arrangements with third-party vendors to provide cash for certain of our ATMs. For the use of these funds, we pay a cash usage fee on either the average daily balance of funds utilized multiplied by a contractually defined cash usage rate or the amounts supplied multiplied by a contractually defined cash usage rate. These cash usage fees, reflected as interest expense within the Statements of Operations, were approximately $4.0 million, $3.1 million, and $7.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. The cash usage fees were significantly higher in the current year as compared to the prior year as a result of increased funds dispensing volumes at our customer locations as the operational impacts from the pandemic began to lessen. We are exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the applicable federal funds rate increases.

Under these agreements, the currency supplied by third-party vendors remain their sole property until the funds are dispensed. As these funds are not our assets, supplied cash is not reflected on our Balance Sheets. The outstanding balances of funds provided by the third-party vendors were approximately $401.8 million and $340.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Our primary commercial arrangement, the Contract Cash Solutions Agreement, as amended, with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. provides us with cash in the maximum amount of $300 million with  the  ability  to  increase  the  amount  as  defined  within  the  agreement  or  otherwise  permitted  by  the  vault  cash provider. The agreement currently expires on June 30, 2023 and will automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless either party provides a ninety-day written notice of its intent not to renew. For additional information see 'Part II - Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 5 - Funding Agreements.'

We are responsible for any losses of cash in the fund dispensing devices under this agreement and we self-insure for this risk. We incurred no material losses related to this self-insurance for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.

## Effects of Inflation

Our monetary assets that primarily consist of cash, receivables, inventory, as well as our non-monetary assets that are mostly comprised of goodwill and other intangible assets, are not significantly affected by inflation. We believe that replacement costs of equipment, furniture, and leasehold improvements will not materially affect our operations. However, the rate of inflation affects our operating expenses, such as those for salaries and benefits, armored carrier expenses, telecommunications expenses, and equipment repair and maintenance services, which may not be readily recoverable in the financial terms under which we provide our Games and FinTech products and services to gaming establishments.

## Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

In the normal course of business, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. We operate and conduct business in foreign countries and, as a result, are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk related to our foreign operations is not material to our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. At present, we do not hedge this exposure; however, we continue to evaluate such foreign currency exchange risk.

In the normal course of business, we have commercial arrangements with third-party vendors to provide cash for certain of our fund dispensing devices. Under the terms of these agreements, we pay a monthly fund usage fee that is generally based upon the target federal funds rate. We are, therefore, exposed to interest  rate  risk  to  the  extent  that  the  target  federal  funds  rate  increases.  The  outstanding  balance  of  funds  provided  by  the  third-party vendors was approximately $401.8 million as of December 31, 2021; therefore, each 100 basis points increase in the target federal funds rate would have approximately a $4.0 million impact on income before tax over a 12-month period.

The New Credit Facilities bear interest at rates that can vary over time. We have the option of paying interest on the outstanding amounts under the New Credit Facilities using a base rate or LIBOR. We have historically elected to pay interest based on LIBOR, and we expect to continue to do so for various maturities.

The weighted average interest on the New Term Loan, which includes a 50 basis point floor, was 3.00% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Based upon the outstanding balance of the New Term Loan of $598.5 million as of December 31, 2021, each 100 basis points increase in the applicable LIBOR would have a combined impact of approximately $6.0 million on interest expense over a 12-month period.

The interest rate is fixed at 5.00% for the 2021 Unsecured Notes due 2029; therefore, an increase in LIBOR does not impact the related interest expense. At present, we do not hedge the risk related to the changes in the interest rate; however, we continue to evaluate such interest rate exposure.

We continue to evaluate the potential impact of the eventual replacement of the LIBOR benchmark. We expect to utilize the replacement rate commonly referred to as the secured overnight financing rate ('SOFR'), which is the anticipated benchmark in place of LIBOR, and we do not expect the transition to SOFR to have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

## Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

| Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  (BDO USA, LLP; Las Vegas, NV; PCAOB ID#243)  54  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  56  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020  58  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  59  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'  Equity (Deficit) for the three years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019  60  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  61   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Shareholders and Board of Directors Everi Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Las Vegas, NV

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Everi Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021 and 2020,  and  the  results  of  its  operations  and  its  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  December  31,  2021,  in  conformity  with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO') and our report dated March 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted  our  audits  in  accordance  with  the  standards  of  the  PCAOB.  Those  standards  require  that  we  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Income Taxes - Release of Valuation Allowance related to Deferred Tax Assets

As described in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had approximately $68.7 million of valuation allowances recorded on deferred tax assets related to federal and state loss and credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2020. Deferred income taxes reflect the net future tax  effects  of  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  for  accounting  purposes  and  their  basis  for  income  tax purposes and the tax effects of net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Net deferred tax assets have been recognized based on management's estimates of future taxable income for the Company. Valuation allowances have been established for the amounts that, more likely than not, will not be realized. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management determined there was sufficient positive evidence that it was more likely than not that the net operating loss and credit carryforwards related to federal and certain state jurisdictions would be realized and therefore, released $63.5 million of the valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets during the fourth quarter of 2021.

Management considers a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax  asset  associated  with  net  operating  losses  and  tax  credit carryforwards, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and  feasible  tax-planning  strategies.  Management  also  considers  the  uncertainty  posed  by  the  current  economic  environment  and  the  effect  of  this uncertainty on the various factors that management takes into account in evaluating the need for valuation allowances.

We identified management's judgments related to the determination of the realizability of deferred tax assets recorded as a critical audit matter due to significant judgments related to: (i) evaluating the positive and negative evidence available in the determination of the amount of deferred tax assets that were more-likely-than-not to be realized in the future and (ii) evaluating whether sufficient projected future taxable income will be generated to support the valuation allowance release. Auditing these judgments involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skills or knowledge needed.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Assessing the reasonableness and the appropriateness of management's judgments and assumptions used to support projected taxable income against historical performance of the Company and management's plans.
- Reviewing and independently evaluating the rolling twelve quarter cumulative income analysis, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities and industry trends used to determine the realizability of the deferred tax assets.
- Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skills in accounting for income taxes to assist in the evaluation of the positive and negative evidence available, the analysis of the realizability of the deferred tax assets and the conclusions reached.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015.

Las Vegas, Nevada March 1, 2022

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(In thousands, except earnings (loss) per share amounts)

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Revenues  Games revenues  Gaming operations  $  272,767  $  156,199  $  188,874  Gaming equipment and systems  103,844  44,006  90,919  Gaming other  118  96  3,326  Games total revenues  376,729  200,301  283,119  FinTech revenues  Financial access services  178,019  112,035  164,741  Software and other  67,797  47,041  47,502  Hardware  37,840  24,297  37,865  FinTech total revenues  283,656  183,373  250,108  Total revenues  660,385  383,674  533,227  Costs and expenses  Games cost of revenues  Gaming operations  21,663  15,192  18,043  Gaming equipment and systems  60,093  25,680  50,826  Gaming other  -  456  3,025  Games total cost of revenues  81,756  41,328  71,894  FinTech cost of revenues  Financial access services  6,779  6,755  14,236  Software and other  4,129  3,029  3,964  Hardware  22,785  14,724  22,292  FinTech total cost of revenues  33,693  24,508  40,492  Operating expenses  188,900  152,546  162,184  Research and development  39,051  27,943  32,505  Depreciation  61,487  67,459  63,198  Amortization  57,987  75,305  68,937  Total costs and expenses  462,874  389,089  439,210  Operating income (loss)  197,511  (5,415)  94,017  Other expenses  Interest expense, net of interest income  62,097  74,564  77,844  Loss on extinguishment of debt  34,389  7,457  179  Total other expenses  96,486  82,021  78,023  Income (loss) before income tax  101,025  (87,436)  15,994  Income tax benefit  (51,900)  (5,756)  (523)  Net income (loss)  152,925  (81,680)  16,517  Foreign currency translation (loss) gain  (264)  (372)  1,179  Comprehensive income (loss)  $  152,661  $  (82,052)  $  17,696  (1)  (1)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

(In thousands, except earnings (loss) per share amounts)

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Earnings (loss) per share  Basic  $  1.71  $  (0.96)  $  0.23  Diluted  $  1.53  $  (0.96)  $  0.21  Weighted average common shares outstanding  Basic  89,284  85,379  72,376  Diluted  99,967  85,379  79,235   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

(In thousands, except par value amounts)

| At December 31,  2021  2020  ASSETS  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  302,009  $  251,706  Settlement receivables  89,275  60,652  Trade and other receivables, net of allowances for credit losses of $ 5,161 and $3,689 at December 31, 2021 and December  31, 2020, respectively  104,822  74,191  Inventory  29,233  27,742  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  27,299  17,348  Total current assets  552,638  431,639  Non-current assets  Property and equipment, net  119,993  112,323  Goodwill  682,663  681,974  Other intangible assets, net  214,594  214,627  Other receivables  13,982  14,620  Deferred tax assets, net  32,121  -  Other assets  19,659  21,996  Total non-current assets  1,083,012  1,045,540  Total assets  $  1,635,650  $  1,477,179  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)  Current liabilities  Settlement liabilities  $  291,861  $  173,211  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  173,933  145,029  Current portion of long-term debt  6,000  1,250  Total current liabilities  471,794  319,490  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities, net  -  19,956  Long-term debt, less current portion  975,525  1,128,003  Other accrued expenses and liabilities  13,831  17,628  Total non-current liabilities  989,356  1,165,587  Total liabilities  1,461,150  1,485,077  Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)  Stockholders' equity (deficit)  Common stock, $0.001  par  value, 500,000  shares  authorized  and 116,996  and 91,313  shares  issued  and  outstanding  at  December  31,  2021,  respectively,  and 111,872  and 86,683  shares  issued  and  outstanding  at  December  31,  2020,  respectively  117  112  Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 50,000 shares authorized and no shares outstanding at December 31, 2021  and December 31, 2020, respectively  -  -  Additional paid-in capital  505,757  466,614  Accumulated deficit  (141,755)  (294,620)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (1,455)  (1,191)  Treasury stock, at cost,  25,683 and 25,190 shares at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively  (188,164)  (178,813)  Total stockholders' equity (deficit)  174,500  (7,898)  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)  $  1,635,650  $  1,477,179   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Cash flows from operating activities  Net income (loss)  $  152,925  $  (81,680)  $  16,517  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities:  Depreciation  61,487  67,459  63,198  Amortization  57,987  75,305  68,937  Non-cash lease expense  4,401  4,880  4,276  Amortization of financing costs and discounts  3,937  4,283  4,285  Loss on sale or disposal of assets  1,658  450  1,678  Accretion of contract rights  9,318  7,675  8,710  Provision for credit losses  7,540  8,010  14,647  Deferred income taxes  (52,077)  (6,579)  (1,594)  Reserve for inventory obsolescence  2,275  2,166  1,463  Write-down of assets  -  13,068  1,268  Loss on extinguishment of debt  34,389  7,457  179  Stock-based compensation  20,900  13,036  9,857  Other non-cash items  53  456  -  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Settlement receivables  (28,624)  9,881  12,961  Trade and other receivables  (37,617)  8,621  (41,754)  Inventory  (3,755)  (5,650)  (3,067)  Prepaid expenses and other assets  (10,219)  (4,301)  (18,724)  Settlement liabilities  118,651  (61,133)  (100,783)  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  48,401  (27,225)  42,836  Net cash provided by operating activities  391,630  36,179  84,890  Cash flows from investing activities  Capital expenditures  (104,708)  (76,429)  (114,291)  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired  (16,000)  (15,000)  (35,000)  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment  261  396  56  Placement fee agreements  (31,465)  (3,085)  (17,102)  Net cash used in investing activities  (151,912)  (94,118)  (166,337)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from new term loan  600,000  -  -  Repayments of new term loan  (1,500)  -  -  Repayments of prior term loan  (735,500)  (13,500)  (58,700)  Proceeds from prior incremental term loan  -  125,000  -  Repayment of prior incremental term loan  (124,375)  (625)  -  Proceeds from prior revolver  -  35,000  -  Repayments of prior revolver  -  (35,000)  -  Proceeds from 2021 unsecured notes  400,000  -  -  Repayments of 2017 unsecured notes  (285,381)  (89,619)  -  Fees associated with debt transactions - new debt  (19,797)  -  -  Fees associated with debt transactions - prior debt  (20,828)  (11,128)  (707)  Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net  -  -  122,376  Proceeds from exercise of stock options  18,251  6,226  15,704  Treasury stock  (9,354)  (1,288)  (1,060)  Payment of acquisition contingent consideration  (9,875)  -  -  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (188,359)  15,066  77,613  Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents  18  (1,388)  1,263  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  Net increase (decrease) for the period  51,377  (44,261)  (2,571)  Balance, beginning of the period  252,349  296,610  299,181  Balance, end of the period  $  303,726  $  252,349  $  296,610   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Supplemental cash disclosures  Cash paid for interest  $  51,224  $  67,562  $  77,351  Cash paid for income tax, net of refunds  1,062  576  694  Supplemental non-cash disclosures  Accrued and unpaid capital expenditures  $  3,690  $  2,801  $  4,500  Accrued and unpaid placement fees added during the year  -  -  585  Accrued and unpaid liabilities for acquisitions added during the year  -  -  36,940  Transfer of leased gaming equipment to inventory  8,782  5,775  10,980   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

## (In thousands)

| Common Stock-  Series A  Additional  Accumulated  Other  Total  Number of  Shares  Amount  Paid-in  Capital  Accumulated  Deficit  Comprehensive  Loss  Treasury  Stock  Equity  (Deficit)  Balance, January 1, 2019  95,100  $  95  $  298,929  $  (229,457)  $  (1,998)  $  (176,464)  $  (108,895)  Net income  -  -  -  16,517  -  -  16,517  Foreign currency translation  -  -  -  -  1,179  -  1,179  Issuance of common stock in public offering,  net  11,500  11  122,365  -  -  -  122,376  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  8,167  -  -  -  8,167  Exercise of options  2,595  3  15,701  -  -  -  15,704  Restricted share vesting and withholding  298  -  -  -  -  (1,060)  (1,060)  Balance, December 31, 2019  109,493  $  109  $  445,162  $  (212,940)  $  (819)  $  (177,524)  $  53,988  Net loss  -  -  -  (81,680)  -  -  (81,680)  Foreign currency translation  -  -  -  -  (372)  -  (372)  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  14,726  -  -  -  14,726  Issuance of warrants  -  -  502  -  502  Exercise of options  1,474  2  6,224  -  -  -  6,226  Restricted share vesting and withholding  905  1  -  -  -  (1,289)  (1,288)  Balance, December 31, 2020  111,872  $  112  $  466,614  $  (294,620)  $  (1,191)  $  (178,813)  $  (7,898)  Net income  -  -  -  152,925  -  -  152,925  Dissolution adjustment  -  -  -  (60)  -  -  (60)  Foreign currency translation  -  -  -  -  (264)  -  (264)  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  20,900  -  -  -  20,900  Exercise of warrants  378  -  -  -  -  -  -  Exercise of options  3,180  3  18,248  -  -  -  18,251  Restricted share vesting and withholding  1,566  2  (5)  -  -  (9,351)  (9,354)  Balance, December 31, 2021  116,996  $  117  $  505,757  $  (141,755)  $  (1,455)  $  (188,164)  $  174,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

## EVERI HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

In this filing, we refer to: (i) our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as our 'Financial Statements'; (ii) our audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) as our 'Statements of Operations'; and (iii) our audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as our 'Balance Sheets.'

## 1. BUSINESS

Everi Holdings Inc. ('Everi Holdings,' or 'Everi') is a holding company, the assets of which are the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each of Everi Payments Inc. ('Everi FinTech' or 'FinTech') and Everi Games Holding Inc., which owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of  Everi Games Inc. ('Everi Games' or 'Games'). Unless otherwise indicated, the terms the 'Company,' 'we,' 'us,' and 'our' refer to Everi Holdings together with its consolidated subsidiaries.

Everi  is  a  supplier  of  entertainment  and  technology  solutions  for  the  casino  and  digital  gaming  industry.  The  Company  develops  game  content  and gaming machines, gaming systems and services for land-based and iGaming operators. The Company is also a provider of financial technology solutions that power the casino floor, including products and services that facilitate cash and cashless financial transactions, self-service player loyalty tools and applications, and regulatory and intelligence software.

Everi  reports  its  financial  performance,  and  organizes  and  manages  its  operations,  across  the  following  two business segments: (i) Games; and (ii) Financial Technology Solutions ('FinTech').

Everi Games primarily provides gaming operators with gaming technology products and services, including: (i) gaming machines, primarily comprising Class II and Class III slot machines placed under participation or fixed-fee lease arrangements or sold to casino customers; (ii) providing and maintaining the  central  determinant  systems  for  the  video  lottery  terminals  ('VLTs')  installed  in  the  State  of  New  York  and  similar  technology  in  certain  tribal jurisdictions; and (iii) business-to-business ('B2B') digital online gaming activities.

Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) financial access and related services supporting digital, cashless and physical cash options across mobile, assisted and self-service channels; (ii) loyalty and marketing software and tools, regulatory and compliance ('RegTech') software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services. Our services operate as part of an end-to-end  security  suite  to  protect  against  cyber-related  attacks  and  maintain  the  necessary  secured  environments  to  maintain  compliance  with applicable  regulatory  requirements.  These  solutions  include:  access  to  cash  and  cashless  funding  at  gaming  facilities  via  Automated  Teller  Machine ('ATM') debit withdrawals, credit card financial access transactions, and point of sale ('POS') debit card purchases at casino cages, kiosk and mobile POS devices; accounts for the CashClub Wallet, check warranty services, self-service ATMs and fully integrated kiosk and maintenance services; selfservice loyalty tools and promotion management software; compliance, audit, and data software; casino credit data and reporting services; marketing and promotional offering subscription-based services; and other ancillary offerings.

With respect to our FinTech business, we have made the following updates to certain of our financial statement descriptions, where applicable: (i) 'Cash access  services'  has  become  'Financial  access  services';  (ii)  'ATM'  has  been  renamed  'Funds  dispensed';  (iii)  'Equipment'  has  been  changed  to 'Hardware'; and (iv) 'Information services and other' has been revised to 'Software and other.' These naming convention changes better represent how our business has evolved.

## Impact of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 ('COVID-19') Pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, temporarily lowered equity market valuations, created significant volatility in the financial markets, increased unemployment levels, and caused temporary, and in certain cases, permanent closures of many businesses. The initial impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic have begun to subside with certain aspects of the global economy, equity market valuations,  and  increased  unemployment  levels  showing  signs  of  recovery. The  gaming  industry  was  not  immune  to  these  factors  as  our  casino customers closed their gaming establishments in the first quarter of 2020, with many beginning to reopen their operations over the remainder of 2020 and throughout 2021. As a result, our operations experienced significant disruptions in the first three quarters of 2020. At the immediate onset of the COVID19 pandemic, we were affected by various measures, including, but not limited to: the institution of social distancing and sheltering-in-place requirements in many states and communities where we operate, which significantly impacted demand for our products and services, and resulted in office closures, the furlough of a majority of our employees, the implementation of temporary base salary reductions for our employees and the implementation of a workfrom-home policy.

Since the onset of COVID-19, we have implemented measures to mitigate our exposure throughout the global pandemic. While there may be further uncertainty facing our customers as a result of COVID-19, we continue to evaluate our business strategies and the impacts of the global pandemic on our results of operations and financial condition and make business decisions to mitigate further risk. While gaming industry conditions improved significantly in 2021 compared to 2020, it is unclear if the customer volumes experienced will continue to exceed pre-COVID levels. Resurgences of COVID-19 and its variants could result in reduced patron demand for gaming and could also result in new closures of casinos by the various governmental and regulatory agencies overseeing our customers or even by the casino operators themselves in an effort to contain the COVID-19 global pandemic or mitigate its impact and the effect of vaccines on these matters.

As of December 31, 2021, excluding the few casinos that have permanently closed, there are only a minimal number of customer sites, located primarily in Canada and other international markets, whose operations still remain closed. At the onset of the pandemic, our custo mers implemented protocols intended  to  protect  their  patrons  and  guests  from  potential  COVID-19  exposure  and  re-establish  customer  confidence  in  the  gaming  and  hospitality industry. These measures included enhanced sanitization, limitations on public gathering and casino capacity, patron social distancing requirements, and limitations on casino operations and amenities, which have limited the number of patrons that are able or who desire to attend these venues. This has also impacted the pace at which demand for our products and services rebounds.

With various limitations still in effect, we expect that demand and supply for our products and services may be tempered in the short-term, to the extent gaming activity decreases at our customers' locations, or fails to increase at expected rates, and to the extent our customers decide to continue to restrict their capital spending as a result of uncertainty in the industry, or that supply chain disruptions might impact customer deliveries or otherwise. As a result, we continue to monitor and manage liquidity levels and we may, from time to time, evaluate available capital resource alternatives on acceptable terms to provide additional financial flexibility.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic also exacerbates the risks disclosed in this Annual Report including, but not limited to: our ability to comply with the terms of our indebtedness; our ability to generate revenues, earn profits and maintain adequate liquidity; our ability to service existing and attract new customers and maintain our overall competitiveness in the market; the potential for significant fluctuations in demand for our products and services; overall  trends  in  the  gaming  industry  impacting  our  business;  and  potential  volatility  in  our  stock  price,  among  other  concerns  such  as  cybersecurity exposure.

## 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements are prepared under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Business Combinations

When we acquire a business, we recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill is measured and recognized as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Significant  estimates  and  assumptions  are  required  to  value  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  at  the  acquisition  date  as  well  as  contingent consideration, where applicable. These estimates are preliminary and typically include the calculation of an appropriate discount rate and projection of the cash flows associated with each acquired asset over its estimated useful life. As a result, up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill (referred to as the measurement period). In addition, deferred tax assets, deferred tax liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and tax related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are initially estimated as of the acquisition date. We reevaluate these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the  acquisition  date  and  any  adjustments  to  preliminary  estimates  are  recorded  to  goodwill,  in  the  period  of  identification,  if  identified  within  the measurement period. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the Statements of Operations.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and balances on deposit in banks and financial institutions. We consider highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. Such balances generally exceed the federal insurance limits; however, we periodically evaluate the creditworthiness of these institutions to minimize risk.

## ATM Funding Agreements

We obtain all  of  the  cash  required  to  operate  our  ATMs  through  various  ATM  Funding  Agreements.  Some  gaming  establishments  provide  the  cash utilized within the ATM ('Site-Funded'). The Site-Funded receivables generated for the amount of cash dispensed from transactions performed at our ATMs are owned by us and we are liable to the gaming establishment for the face amount of the cash dispensed. In our Balance Sheets, the amount of the receivable for transactions processed on these funds dispensed transactions is included within settlement receivables and the amount due to the gaming establishment for the face amount of dispensing transactions is included within settlement liabilities.

For  the  non-Site-Funded  locations,  we  enter  into  commercial  arrangements  with  third  party  vendors  to  provide  us  the  currency  needed  for  normal operating requirements for our ATMs. For the use of these funds, we pay a cash usage fee based upon the target federal funds rate. Under these agreements, the currency supplied by the third-party vendors remains the sole property of these suppliers until funds are dispensed, at which time the third-party vendors obtain an interest in the corresponding settlement receivable. As the cash is an asset of these suppliers, it is therefore not reflected on  our  Balance  Sheets.  The  usage  fee  for  the  cash  supplied  in  these  ATMs  is  included  as  interest  expense  in  the  Statements  of  Operations.  Our rationale to record cash usage fees as interest expense is primarily due to the similar operational characteristics to a revolving line of credit, the fact that the fees are calculated on a financial index, and the fees are paid for access to a capital resource.

## Settlement Receivables and Settlement Liabilities

We provide cash settlement services to gaming establishments related to our financial access services, which involve the movement of funds between various parties involved in these types of transactions. We receive reimbursement from the patron's credit or debit card issuing financial institution for the amount owed to the gaming establishment plus the fee charged to the patron. These activities result in amounts due to us at the end of each business day that we generally recover over the next few business days, which are classified as settlement receivables on our Balance Sheets. In addition, cash settlement services result in amounts due to gaming establishments for the cash disbursed to patrons through the issuance of a negotiable instrument or through electronic settlement for the face amount provided to patrons that we generally remit over the next few business days, which are classified as settlement liabilities on our Balance Sheets.

## Warranty Receivables

If a gaming establishment chooses to have a check warranted, it sends a request to our third-party check warranty service provider, asking whether it would be willing to accept the risk of cashing the check. If the check warranty provider accepts the risk and warrants the check, the gaming establishment negotiates the patron's check by providing cash for the face amount of the check. If the check is dishonored by the patron's bank upon presentment, the gaming establishment invokes the warranty, and the check warranty service provider purchases the check from the gaming establishment for the full check amount and then pursues collection activities on its own. In our Central Credit Check Warranty product under our agreement with the third-party service provider, we receive all of the check warranty revenue. We are exposed to risk for the losses associated with any warranted items that cannot be collected from patrons issuing the items.

The warranty receivables amount is recorded in trade and other receivables, net on our Balance Sheets. On a monthly basis, the Company evaluates the collectability  of  the  outstanding  balances  and  establishes  a  reserve  for  the  face  amount  of  the  expected  losses  on  these  receivables.  The  warranty expense associated with this reserve is included within cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) on our Statements of Operations.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

We continually evaluate the collectability of outstanding balances and maintain an allowance for credit losses related to our trade and other receivables and notes receivable that have been determined to have a high risk of uncollectability, which represents our best estimates of the current expected credit losses  to  be  incurred  in  the  future.  To  derive  our  estimates,  we  analyze  historical  collection  trends  and  changes  in  our  customer  payment  patterns, current and expected conditions and market trends along with our operating forecasts, concentration, and creditworthiness when evaluating the adequacy of  our  allowance for credit losses. In addition, with respect to our check warranty receivables, we are exposed to risk for the losses associated with warranted items that cannot be collected from patrons issuing these items. We evaluate the collectability of the outstanding balances and establish a reserve for the face amount of the current expected credit losses related to these receivables. Account balances are charged against the provision when the Company believes it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The provision for doubtful accounts receivable is included within operating expenses and the check warranty loss reserves are included within financial access services cost of revenues in the Statements of Operations.

## Inventory

Our inventory primarily consists of component parts as well as finished goods and work-in-progress. The cost of inventory includes cost of materials, labor,  overhead and freight. The inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and accounted for using the first in, first out method ('FIFO').

## Restricted Cash

Our  restricted  cash  primarily  consists  of:  (i)  funds  held  in  connection  with  certain  customer  agreements;  (ii)  deposits  held  in  connection  with  a sponsorship agreement; (iii) wide-area progressive ('WAP')-related restricted funds; and (iv) financial access activities related to cashless balances held on behalf of patrons. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same such amounts shown in the statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively (in thousands).

| Year Ended December 31,  Classification on our Balance Sheets  2021  2020  2019  Cash and cash equivalents  Cash and cash equivalents  $  302,009  $  251,706  $  289,870  Restricted cash - current  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  1,616  542  6,639  Restricted cash - non-current  Other assets  101  101  101  Total  $  303,726  $  252,349  $  296,610   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment, which includes assets leased to customers, are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, and are computed using the straight-line method over the lesser of the lease term or estimated life of the related assets, generally one  to five years. Player terminals and related components and equipment are included in our rental pool. The rental pool can be further delineated as 'rental pool - deployed,' which consists of assets deployed at customer sites under participation or fixed fee arrangements, and 'rental pool - undeployed,' which consists of assets held by us that are available for customer use. Rental pool - undeployed also consists of previously deployed units currently back with us to be refurbished awaiting redeployment. Routine maintenance of property, equipment and leased gaming equipment is expensed in the period incurred, while major component upgrades are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated remaining useful life of the component. Sales and retirements of depreciable property are recorded  by  removing  the  related  cost  and  accumulated  depreciation  from  the  accounts.  Gains  or  losses  on  sales  and  retirements  of  property  are reflected  in  our  Statements  of  Operations.  Property,  equipment  and  leased  assets  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment is indicated when future cash flows, on an undiscounted basis, do not exceed the carrying value of the asset.

## Placement Fee and Development Agreements

We enter into placement fee and, to a certain extent, development agreements to provide financing for the expansion of existing facilities, or for new gaming  facilities.  Funds  provided  under  placement  fee  agreements  are  not  reimbursed,  while  funds  provided  under  development  agreements  are reimbursed to us, in whole, or in part. In return, the facility dedicates a percentage of its floor space to placement of our player terminals, and we receive a fixed percentage of those player terminals' hold amounts per day over the term of the agreement, which is generally from 12 to 83 months. Certain of the agreements contain player terminal performance standards that could allow the facility to reduce a portion of our guaranteed floor space. In addition, certain  development  agreements  allow  the  facilities  to  buy  out  floor  space  after  advances  that  are  subject  to  repayment  have  been  repaid.  The agreements typically provide for a portion of the amounts retained by the gaming facility for their share of the operating profits of the facility to be used to repay some or all of the advances recorded as notes receivable.

## Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired plus liabilities assumed arising from business combinations. We test for impairment annually on a reporting unit basis, at the beginning of our fourth fiscal quarter and between annual tests if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The annual impairment test  is  completed  using  either:  a  qualitative  'Step  0'  assessment  based  on  reviewing  relevant  events  and  circumstances;  or  a  quantitative  'Step  1' assessment,  which  determines  the  fair  value  of  the  reporting  unit,  using  both  an  income  approach  that  discounts  future  cash  flows  based  on  the estimated future results of our reporting units and a market approach that compares market multiples of comparable companies to determine whether or not any impairment exists. To the extent the carrying amount of a reporting unit is less than its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded.

The evaluation of impairment of goodwill requires the use of estimates about future operating results. Changes in forecasted operations can materially affect these estimates, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial condition. The estimates of expected future cash flows require significant judgment and are based on assumptions we determined to be reasonable; however, they are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, including, estimates of future growth rates, operating margins, and assumptions about the overall economic climate as well as the competitive environment within which we operate. There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions made for purposes of our impairment assessments as of the time of evaluation will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If our assumptions regarding business plans, competitive environments or anticipated growth rates  are  not  correct,  we  may  be  required  to  record  non-cash  impairment  charges  in  future  periods,  whether  in  connection  with  our  normal  review procedures periodically, or earlier, if an indicator of an impairment is present prior to such evaluation.

Our reporting units are identified as operating segments or one level below. Reporting units must: (i) engage in business activities from which they earn revenues  and  incur  expenses;  (ii)  have  operating  results  that  are  regularly  reviewed  by  our  segment  management  to  ascertain  the  resources  to  be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and (iii) have discrete financial information available. As of December 31, 2021, our reporting units included: (i) Games; (ii) Financial Access Services; (iii) Kiosk Sales and Services; (iv) Central Credit Services; (v) Compliance Sales and Services; and (vi) Loyalty Sales and Services.

## Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization, and are computed primarily using the straight-line method. Other intangible assets  consist  primarily  of:  (i)  customer  contracts  (rights  to  provide  Games  and  FinTech  services  to  gaming  establishment  customers),  developed technology, trade names and trademarks, and contract rights acquired through business combinations; and (ii) capitalized software development costs. Customer contracts require us to make renewal assumptions, which impact the estimated useful lives of such assets. Capitalized software development costs require us to make certain judgments as to the stages of development and costs eligible for capitalization. Capitalized software costs placed in service  are  amortized  over  their  useful  lives,  generally  not  to  exceed six  years.  We  review  intangible  assets  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in the fair value of the underlying business or market price of the asset, a significant adverse change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of an asset, or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses. We group intangible assets for impairment analysis at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Recoverability of definite lived intangible assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, on an undiscounted basis and without interest or taxes. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets.

## Debt Issuance Costs

Debt issuance costs incurred in connection with long-term borrowings are capitalized and amortized to interest expense based upon the related debt agreements using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements are included in other assets, non-current, on our Balance Sheets. All other debt issuance costs are included as contra-liabilities in long-term debt.

## Revenue Recognition

## Overview

We evaluate the recognition of revenue based on the criteria set forth in Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') 606 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers and ASC 842 - Leases, as appropriate. We recognize revenue upon transferring control of goods or services to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We enter into contracts with customers that include various performance obligations consisting of goods, services, or combinations of goods and services. Timing of the transfer of control varies based on the nature of  the  contract.  We  recognize revenue net of any sales and other taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental authorities  and  are  not  included  in  revenues  or  operating  expenses.  We  measure revenue based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer and adjusted, as necessary.

## Collectability

To assess collectability, we determine whether it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the goods and services transferred to the customer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract. In connection with these procedures, we evaluate the customer using internal and external information available, including, but not limited to, research and analysis of our credit history with the customer. Based on the nature of our transactions and historical trends, we determine whether our customers have the ability and intention to pay the amounts of consideration when they become due to identify potentially significant credit risk exposure.

## Contract Combinations - Multiple Promised Goods and Services

Our contracts may include various performance obligations for promises to transfer multiple  goods  and  services  to  a  customer,  especially  since  our Games and FinTech  businesses  may  enter  into  multiple  agreements  with  the  same  customer  that  meet  the  criteria  to  be  combined  for  accounting purposes under ASC 606. When this occurs, a Stand-Alone Selling Price ('SSP') will be determined for each performance obligation in the combined arrangement, and the consideration will be allocated between the respective performance obligations. The SSP of our goods and services is generally determined based on observable prices, an adjusted market assessment approach, or an expected cost plus margin approach. We utilize a residual approach only when the SSP for performance obligations with observable prices has been established and the remaining performance obligation in the contract with a customer does not have an observable price as it is uncertain or highly variable and, therefore, is not discernible. We use our judgment to analyze the nature of the promises made and determine whether each is distinct or should be combined with other promises in the contract based on the level of integration and interdependency between the individual deliverables.

## Disaggregation of Revenues

We disaggregate revenues based on the nature  and  timing  of  the  cash  flows  generated  by  such  revenues  as  presented  in  'Note  18 -  Segment Information.'

## Outbound Freight Costs, Installation and Training

Upon transferring control of goods to a customer, the shipping and handling costs in connection with sale transactions are generally accounted for as fulfillment costs and included in cost of revenues.

Our performance of installation and training services relating to the sales of gaming equipment and systems and FinTech equipment does not modify the software or hardware in those equipment and systems. Such installation and training services are generally immaterial in the context of the contract; and therefore, such items do not represent a separate performance obligation.

## Costs to Acquire a Contract with a Customer

We typically incur incremental costs to acquire customer contracts in the form of sales commissions; however, because the expected benefit from these contracts is one year or less, we expense these amounts as incurred.

## Contract Balances

Since our contracts may include multiple performance obligations, there is often a timing difference between cash collections and the satisfaction of such performance  obligations  and  revenue  recognition.  Such  arrangements  are  evaluated  to  determine  whether  contract  assets  and  liabilities  exist.  We generally record contract assets when the timing of billing differs from when revenue is recognized due to contracts containing specific performance obligations that are required to be met prior to a customer being invoiced. We generally record contract liabilities when cash is collected in advance of us satisfying performance obligations, including those that are satisfied over a period of time. Balances of our contract assets and contract liabilities may fluctuate due to timing of cash collections.

The following table summarizes our contract assets and contract liabilities arising from contracts with customers (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Contract assets  Balance at January 1 - current  $  9,240  $  8,634  Balance at January 1 - non-current  8,321  6,774  Total  17,561  15,408  Balance at December 31 - current  9,927  9,240  Balance at December 31 - non-current  5,294  8,321  Total  15,221  17,561  (Decrease)/Increase  $  (2,340)  $  2,153  Contract liabilities  Balance at January 1 - current  $  26,980  $  28,510  Balance at January 1 - non-current  289  354  Total  27,269  28,864  Balance at December 31 - current  36,238  26,980  Balance at December 31 - non-current  377  289  Total  36,615  27,269  Increase/(Decrease)  $  9,346  $  (1,595)  (1)  (2)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  The  current  portion  of  contract  assets  is  included  within  trade  and  other  receivables,  net  and  the  non-current  portion  is  included  within  other receivables in our Balance Sheets.

(2) The current portion of contract liabilities is included within accounts payable and accrued expenses, and the non-current portion is included within other accrued expenses and liabilities in our Balance Sheets.

We recognized approximately $21.3 million and $23.5 million in revenue that was included in the beginning contract liability balance during 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Games Revenues

Our products and services include electronic gaming devices, such as Native American Class II offerings and other electronic bingo products, Class III slot machine offerings, VLTs, B2B digital online gaming activities, accounting and central determinant systems, and other back office systems. We conduct our Games segment business based on results generated from the following major revenue streams: (i) Gaming Operations; (ii) Gaming Equipment and Systems; and (iii) Gaming Other.

## Gaming Operations

We primarily provide: (i) leased gaming equipment, both Class II and Class III offerings, on a participation or a daily fixed-fee basis, including standard games and hardware and premium games and hardware, inclusive of local-area progressive, and WAP; (ii) accounting and central determinant systems; and (iii) digital online gaming activities. We evaluate the recognition of lease revenues based on criteria set forth in ASC 842. Under these arrangements, we retain ownership of the machines installed at customer facilities. We recognize recurring rental income over time based on a percentage of the net win per day generated by the leased gaming equipment or a daily fixed-fee based on the timing services are provided. Such revenues are generated daily and are limited to the lesser of the net win per day generated by the leased gaming equipment or the fixed daily fee and the lease payments that have been collected from the lessee. Gaming operations revenues generated by leased gaming equipment deployed at sites under placement fee agreements give  rise  to  contract  rights,  which  are  amounts  recorded  to  intangible  assets  for  dedicated  floor  space  resulting  from  such  agreements.  The  gaming operations revenues generated by these arrangements are reduced by the accretion of contract rights, which represents the related amortization of the contract rights recorded in connection with such agreements. Gaming operations lease revenues accounted for under ASC 842 are generally short-term in  nature with payment terms ranging from 30  to 90 days. We recognized $189.8 million, $116.1 million, and $143.2 million in lease revenues for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

Gaming operations revenues include amounts generated by WAP systems, which are recognized under ASC 606. WAP consists of linked slot machines located in multiple casino properties that are connected to a central system. WAP-based gaming machines have a progressive jackpot administered by us that increases with every wager until a player wins the top award combination. Casino operators pay us a percentage of the coin-in (the total amount wagered),  a  percentage  of  net  win,  or  a  combination  of  both  for  services  related  to  the  design,  assembly,  installation,  operation,  maintenance, administration, and marketing of the WAP offering. The gaming operations revenues with respect to WAP machines represent a separate performance obligation and we transfer control and recognize revenue over time based on a percentage of the coin-in, a percentage of net win, or a combination of both, based on the timing services are provided. These arrangements are generally short-term in nature with a majority of invoices payable within 30 to 90 days. Such revenues are presented in the Statements of Operations, net of the jackpot expense, which are composed of incremental amounts funded by a portion of coin-in from the players. At the time a jackpot is won by a player, an additional jackpot expense is recorded in connection with the base seed amount required to fund the minimum level as set forth in the WAP arrangements with the casino operators.

Gaming operations also include revenues generated under our arrangement to provide the New York State Gaming Commission (the 'NYSGC') with a central  determinant  monitoring  and  accounting  system  for  the  VLTs  in  operation  at  licensed  State  of  New  York  gaming  facilities.  Pursuant  to  our agreement with the NYSGC, we receive a portion of the network-wide net win (generally, cash-in less prizes paid) per day in exchange for provision and maintenance of the central determinant system and recognize revenue over time, based on the timing services are provided. We also provide the central determinant system technology to Native American tribes in other licensed jurisdictions, for which we receive a portion of the revenue generated from the VLTs connected to the system. These arrangements are generally short-term in nature with payments due monthly.

Gaming operations revenues include amounts generated by our digital offering comprised of B2B activities. Our B2B operations provide games to our business customers, including both regulated real money and social casinos, which offer the games to consumers on their apps. Our B2B arrangements primarily provide access to our game content, and revenue is recognized over time as the control transfers upon our business partners' daily access to such content based on either a flat fee or revenue share arrangements with the social and regulated real money casinos, based on the timing services are provided.

## Gaming Equipment and Systems

Gaming equipment and systems revenues are derived from  the  sale  of  some  combination  of:  (i)  gaming  equipment  and  player  terminals;  (ii)  game content; (iii) license fees; and (iv) ancillary equipment, such as signage and lighting packages. Such arrangements are predominately short-term in nature with payment terms ranging from 30 to 180 days, and with certain agreements providing for extended payment terms up to  39 months. Each contract containing extended payment terms over a period of 12 months is evaluated for the presence of a financing component; however, our contracts generally do not contain a financing component that has been determined to be significant to the contract. Distinct and thus, separately identifiable performance obligations  for  gaming  equipment  and  systems  arrangements  include  gaming  equipment,  player  terminals,  content,  system  software,  license  fees, ancillary equipment, or various combinations thereof. Gaming equipment and systems revenues are recognized at a point in time when control of the promised  goods  and  services  transfers  to  the  customer,  which  is  generally  upon  shipment  or  delivery  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  contract.  The performance obligations are generally satisfied at the same time or within a short period of time.

## Gaming Other

Gaming other revenues are generated from fees paid by casino customers that participate in our TournEvent of Champions ® national slot tournament. Casinos, in partnership with Everi, host slot tournaments, in which winners of the local and regional tournaments throughout the year then participate in a national tournament that results in the determination of a final champion. Revenues are recognized as earned over a period of time, based on the timing services are provided. These arrangements are generally short-term in nature with payment terms ranging from 30 to 90 days.

## FinTech Revenues

## Financial Access Services

Financial Access Services revenues are generally comprised of the following distinct performance obligations: funds advanced, funds dispensed, and check services. We do not control the funds advanced and funds dispensed services provided to a customer and, therefore, we are acting as an agent whose performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of these services. Our financial access services involve the movement of funds between the various parties associated with financial access transactions and give rise to settlement receivables and settlement liabilities, both of which are settled in days following the transaction.

Funds advance revenues are primarily comprised of transaction fees assessed to gaming patrons in connection with credit card financial access and POS debit card financial access transactions. Such fees are primarily based on a combination of a fixed amount plus a percentage of the face amount of the credit card financial access or POS debit card financial access transaction amount. In connection with these types of transactions, we report certain direct costs incurred as reductions to revenues on a net basis, which generally include: (i) commission expenses payable to casino operators; (ii) interchange fees payable to the network associations; and (iii) processing and related costs payable to other third-party partners.

Funds dispensed revenues are primarily comprised of transaction fees in the form of cardholder surcharges assessed to gaming patrons in connection with funds dispensed cash withdrawals at the time the transactions are authorized and interchange reimbursement fees paid to us by the patrons' issuing banks. The cardholder surcharges assessed to gaming patrons in connection with funds dispensed cash withdrawals are currently a fixed dollar amount and not a percentage of the transaction amount. In connection with these types of transactions, we report certain direct costs incurred as reductions to revenues on a net basis, which generally include: (i) commission expenses payable to casino operators; (ii) interchange fees payable to the network associations; and (iii) processing and related costs payable to other third-party partners.

Check services revenues are principally comprised of check warranty revenues and are generally based upon a percentage of the face amount of checks warranted. These fees are paid to us by gaming establishments. We report certain direct costs incurred as reductions to revenues on a net basis, which include:  (i)  warranty  expenses,  defined  as  amounts  paid  by  the  third-party  check  warranty  service  provider  to  gaming  establishments  to  purchase dishonored checks; and (ii) service fees, defined as amounts paid to the third-party check warranty service provider for its assistance.

For  financial  access  services  arrangements,  since  the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  as  the  performance  obligations occur, we recognize revenues as earned over a period of time using an output method depicting the transfer of control to the customer based on variable consideration, such as volume of transactions processed with variability generally resolved in the reporting period.

## Software and Other

Software and other revenues include amounts derived from our financial access, loyalty kiosk, compliance, and loyalty related revenue streams from the sale of: (i) software licenses, software subscriptions, professional services, and certain other ancillary fees; (ii) service-related fees associated with the sale, installation, training, and maintenance of equipment directly to our customers under contracts, which are generally short-term in nature with payment terms ranging from 30  to 90 days, secured by the related equipment; (iii) credit worthiness-related software subscription services that are based upon either a flat monthly unlimited usage fee or a variable fee structure driven by the volume of patron credit histories generated; and (iv) ancillary marketing and database services. Software license revenues are recognized at a point in time; software subscriptions are recognized over the term of the contract.

## Hardware

Hardware revenues are derived from the sale of our financial access and loyalty kiosks and related equipment and are accounted for under ASC 606, unless such transactions meet definition of a sales type or direct financing lease which are accounted for under ASC 842. Revenues are recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods and services transfers to the customer generally upon shipment or delivery pursuant to the terms of the contract. The sales contracts are generally short-term in  nature  with  payment  terms  ranging  from  30  to 90 days, while certain agreements provide for extended payment terms of up to  60  months.  Each contract containing extended payment terms over a period of 12 months is evaluated for the presence of a financing component; however, our contracts generally do not contain a financing component that has been determined to be significant to the contract.

## Cost of Revenues (Exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization)

The cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) represents the direct costs required to perform revenue generating transactions. The costs included within cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are inventory and related costs associated with the sale of our fully integrated kiosks, electronic gaming machines and system sale, check cashing warranties, field service, and network operations personnel.

## Advertising, Marketing, and Promotional Costs

We  expense  advertising,  marketing,  and  promotional  costs  as  incurred.   Total  advertising,  marketing,  and  promotional  costs,  included  in  operating expenses in the Statements of Operations, were $2.6 million, $1.3 million, and $5.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

## Research and Development Costs

We conduct research and development activities  for  both  our  Games  and  FinTech  segments.  Our  Gaming  research  and  development  activities  are primarily  to  develop  gaming  systems,  game  engines,  casino  data  management  systems,  central  determination  and  other  electronic  bingo-outcome determination systems, video lottery outcome determination systems, gaming platforms and gaming content, and to enhance our existing product lines. Our FinTech research and development activities are primarily to develop: (i) payments products, systems, and related capabilities such as security, encryption, and business rule engines that deliver differentiated patron experiences and integrate with our other products; (ii) compliance products that increase efficiencies, profitability, enhance employee/patron relationships, and meet regulatory reporting requirements; and (iii) loyalty products, systems, and features that attract, engage, and retain patrons in more intuitive and contextual ways than our competition.

Research  and  development  costs  consist  primarily  of  salaries  and  benefits,  consulting  fees,  certification  and  testing  fees.  Once  the  technological feasibility has been established, the project is capitalized until it becomes available for general release.

Research  and  development  costs  were  $39.1  million,  $27.9  million,  and  $32.5  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020,  and  2019, respectively.

## Income Taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the United States as well as various states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. Due to the 2017 Tax Act, there is no U.S. federal tax on cash repatriation from foreign subsidiaries; however, we could be subject to foreign withholding tax and U.S. state income taxes. The 2017 Tax Act also subjects our foreign subsidiary earnings to the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income ('GILTI') tax provisions. Some items of income and expense are not reported in tax returns and our Financial Statements in the same year. The tax effect of such temporary differences is reported as deferred income taxes.

Our  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  recognized  for  the  expected  future  tax  consequences  of  events  that  have  been  included  in  our  Financial Statements  or  income  tax  returns.  Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  determined  based  upon  differences  between  financial  statement  carrying amounts of existing assets and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on the income tax provision or benefit and deferred tax assets and liabilities for a change in rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date.

When measuring deferred tax assets, certain estimates and assumptions are required to assess whether a valuation allowance should be established by evaluating both positive and negative factors in accordance with accounting guidance. This evaluation requires that we exercise judgment in determining the relative significance of each factor. The assessment of the valuation allowance involves significant estimates regarding future taxable income and when  it  is  recognized,  the  amount  and  timing  of  taxable  differences,  the  reversal  of  temporary  differences  and  the  implementation  of  tax-planning strategies. A valuation allowance is established based on the weight of available evidence, including both positive and negative indicators, if it is more likely than not that a portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Greater weight is given to evidence that is objectively verifiable, most notably historical results. If we report a cumulative loss from continuing operations before income taxes for a reasonable period of time, this form of negative evidence is difficult to overcome. In that case, we include certain aspects of our historical results in our forecasts of future taxable income, as we do not have the ability to solely rely on forecasted improvements in earnings to recover deferred tax assets. When we report a cumulative loss position, to the extent our results of operations improve, such that we have the ability to overcome the more likely than not accounting standard, we may be able to reverse  the  valuation  allowance  in  the  applicable  period  of  determination.  In  addition,  we  rely  on  deferred  tax  liabilities  in  our  assessment  of  the realizability of deferred tax assets if the temporary timing difference is anticipated to reverse in the same period and jurisdiction and the deferred tax liabilities are of the same character as the temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets.

We also follow GAAP to account for uncertainty in income taxes as recognized in our Financial Statements. The accounting standard creates a single model to address uncertainty in income tax positions and prescribes the minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized  in  our  Financial  Statements.  The  standard  also  provides  guidance  on  derecognition,  measurement,  classification,  interest  and  penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.

Under this standard, we may recognize tax benefits from an uncertain position only if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the issue. The amount recognized is the largest benefit that we believe has greater than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. Actual income taxes paid may vary from estimates depending upon changes in income tax laws, actual results of operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed.

## Employee Benefits Plan

The Company provides a 401(k) Plan that allows employees to defer up to the lesser of the Internal Revenue Code prescribed maximum amount or 75% of their income on a pre-tax basis through contributions to the plan. As a benefit to employees, the Company matches a percentage of these employee contributions (as defined in the plan document). As a direct result of the circumstances surrounding the global pandemic, we were unable to offer a Company match of employee contributions for a majority of 2020. Expenses related to the matching portion of the contributions to the 401(k) Plan were $2.6 million, $0.6 million, and $2.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

## Fair Values of Financial Instruments

The fair  value  of  a  financial  instrument  represents  the  amount  at  which  the  instrument  could  be  exchanged  in  a  current  transaction  between  willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based upon relevant market information about the financial instrument.

The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, settlement receivables, short-term trade and other receivables, settlement liabilities, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The fair value of the long-term trade and loans receivable is estimated by discounting expected future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers  with  similar  credit  ratings  and  remaining  maturities.  The  fair  value  of  long-term  accounts  payable  is  estimated  by  discounting  the  total obligation using the appropriate interest rates. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of trade and loan receivable approximated the carrying value due to contractual terms generally being slightly over 12 months. The fair value of our borrowings is estimated based on various inputs to determine a market price, such as: market demand and supply, size of tranche, maturity, and similar instruments trading in more active markets.

The estimated fair value and outstanding balances of our borrowings are as follows (dollars in thousands):

| Level of Hierarchy  Fair Value  Outstanding Balance  December 31, 2021  $600 million New Term Loan  2  $  598,171  $  598,500  $400 million 2021 Unsecured Notes  2  $  404,000  $  400,000  December 31, 2020  Term loan  2  $  729,138  $  735,500  Incremental term loan  2  $  129,972  $  124,375  Senior unsecured notes  2  $  296,083  $  285,381   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our borrowings' fair values were determined using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices for these securities.

## Foreign Currency Translation

Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities for those foreign entities for which the local currency is the functional currency are translated into U.S. dollars based on exchange rates prevailing at the end of each year. Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year. The effects of foreign exchange gains and losses arising from these translations are included as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) on the Statements of Operations. Translation adjustments on intercompany balances of a long-term investment nature are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on our Balance Sheets.

## Use of Estimates

We have made estimates and judgments affecting the amounts reported in these financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with GAAP. The actual results may materially differ from these estimates.

## Earnings Applicable to Common Stock

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the effect of potential common stock resulting from assumed stock option exercises and vesting of restricted stock unless it is anti-dilutive. To the extent we report a net loss from continuing operations in a particular period, no potential dilution from the application of the treasury stock method would be applicable.

## Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation results in a cost that is measured at fair value on the grant date of an award. Generally, we issue grants that are classified as equity awards. However, if we issue grants that are considered liability awards, they are remeasured at fair value at the end of each reporting period until settlement with changes being recognized as stock-based compensation cost and a corresponding adjustment recorded to the liability, either immediately or during the remaining service period depending on the vested status of the award. Generally, with respect to stock option awards granted under our plans, they expire 10 years from the date of grant with the exercise price based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of the grant.

Our restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance-based stock units are measured at fair value based on the closing stock price on the grant  date.  Our  time-based  stock  option  awards  are  measured  at  fair  value  on  the  grant  date  using  the  Black  Scholes  model.  The  stock-based compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the awards.

Forfeiture amounts are estimated at the grant date for stock awards and are updated periodically based on actual results, to the extent they differ from the estimates.

## Acquisition-Related Costs

We recognize a liability  for  acquisition-related  costs  when  the  expense  is  incurred.  Acquisition-related  costs  include,  but  are  not  limited  to:  financial advisory, legal and debt fees; accounting, consulting, and professional fees associated with due diligence, valuation, and integration; severance; and other related costs and adjustments.

## Reclassification of Balances

Certain amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to be consistent with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net income for the prior periods.

## Recent Accounting Guidance

Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance

| Standard  Description  Date of Adoption  Effect on Financial Statements  Accounting Standard Update  ('ASU') No. 2019-12  , Income Taxes  (Topic 740): Simplifying the  Accounting for Income Taxes  This ASU simplifies the accounting for  income  taxes  by  removing  certain  exceptions  for  investments,  intraperiod  allocations,  and  interim  calculations,  and  adds  guidance  to  reduce  the  complexity  of  applying  Topic 740.  January 1, 2021  The  adoption  of  this  ASU  did  not  have  a  material  effect  on  our  Financial  Statements  or  on  our  disclosures.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Recent Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted

| Standard  Description  Date of Planned  Adoption  Effect on Financial Statements  ASU 2021-05  , 'Leases (Topic 842):  Lessors-Certain Leases with  Variable Lease Payments  This  ASU  amends  the  lease  classification  requirements  for  lessors  to align them with practice under ASC  Topic 840.  January 1, 2022  We  are  currently  evaluating  the  impact  of  adopting  this  ASU  on  our  Financial  Statements  and  our  disclosures; however, we do not expect the impact to  be material.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, other than what has been described above, we do not anticipate recently issued accounting guidance to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.

## 3. LEASES

We determine if a contract is, or contains, a lease at the inception, or modification, of a contract based on whether the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control over the use of an asset is predicated upon the notion that a lessee has both the right to (i) obtain substantially all of the economic benefit from the use of the asset; and (ii) direct the use of the asset.

Operating lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of minimum lease payments over the expected lease term at commencement date. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term. Our lease arrangements have both lease and non-lease components, and we have elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease elements as a single lease.

Certain of our lease arrangements contain options to renew with terms that generally have the ability to extend the lease term to a range of approximately one  to ten  years.  The  exercise  of  lease  renewal  options  is  generally  at  our  sole  discretion.  The  expected  lease  terms  include  options  to  extend  or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such option. The depreciable life of leased assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected term of such assets, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised.

## Lessee

We enter into operating lease agreements for real estate purposes that generally consist of buildings for office space and warehouses for manufacturing purposes. Certain of our lease agreements consist of rental payments that are periodically adjusted for inflation. Our lease agreements do not contain material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Our lease agreements do not generally provide explicit rates of interest; therefore, we use our incremental collateralized borrowing rate, which is based on a fully collateralized and fully amortizing loan with a maturity date the same as the length of the lease that is based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments.

Leases with an initial expected term of 12 months or less (short-term) are not accounted for on our Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, our finance leases were not material.

Supplemental balance sheet information related to our operating leases is as follows (in thousands):

| Classification on our Balance Sheets  At December 31, 2021  At December 31, 2020  Assets  Operating lease ROU assets  Other assets, non-current  $  12,692  $  16,104  Liabilities  Current operating lease liabilities  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  $  5,663  $  5,649  Non-current operating lease liabilities  Other accrued expenses and liabilities  $  11,869  $  16,077   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Cash paid for:  Long-term operating leases  $  6,675  $  6,411  $  5,893  Short-term operating leases  $  1,622  $  1,908  $  1,799  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:  Operating leases  $  1,362  $  10,356  $  16,533  (2)  (1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  The amounts are presented net of current year terminations and exclude amortization for the period.

(2)    The  amount includes approximately $13.6 million  of  operating  lease  ROU  assets  obtained  in  exchange  for  existing  lease  obligations  due  to  the adoption of ASC 842 (net of operating lease terminations occurring in 2019 in the amount of approximately $0.5 million), and approximately $ 2.5 million of operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations entered into during the year ended December 31, 2019.

| Other  information  related  to  lease  terms  and  discount  rates  is  as  follows:  At December 31, 2021  At December 31, 2020  Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (in years):  Operating leases  3.52  4.16  Weighted Average Discount Rate:  Operating leases  5.04  %  5.16  %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Components of lease expense are as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Operating Lease Cost:  Operating lease cost  $  5,474  $  5,770  $  4,907  Variable lease cost  $  1,267  $  1,682  $  1,619  (1)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  The amount includes approximately $4.4 million, $4.9 million and $4.3 million in non-cash lease expense attributable to amortization of ROU assets for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Maturities of lease liabilities are summarized as follows as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands):

| Year ending December 31,  Amount  2022  $  6,386  2023  5,001  2024  3,739  2025  2,971  2026  889  Thereafter  154  Total future minimum lease payments  $  19,140  Amount representing interest  (1,608)  Present value of future minimum lease payments  $  17,532  Current operating lease obligations  (5,663)  Long-term lease obligations  $  11,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Lessor

We generate lease revenues primarily from our gaming operations activities, and the majority of our leases are month-to-month leases. Under these arrangements, we retain ownership of the electronic gaming machines ('EGMs') installed at customer facilities. We receive recurring revenues based on a percentage of the net win per day generated by the leased gaming equipment or a fixed daily fee. Such revenues are generated daily and are limited to the lesser of the net win per day generated by the leased gaming equipment or the fixed daily fee and the lease payments that have been collected from the lessee. Certain of our leases have terms and conditions with options for a lessee to purchase the underlying assets. Refer to 'Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies' for further discussion of lease revenues. The cost of EGMs the Company is leasing to third-parties as of December 31, 2021 is approximately $249.0 million.

We did not have material sales transactions that qualified for sales-type lease accounting treatment during the years ending December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

Supplemental balance sheet information related to our sales-type leases is as follows (in thousands):

| Classification on our Balance Sheets  At December 31, 2021  At December 31, 2020  Assets  Net investment in sales-type leases -  current  Trade and other receivables, net  $  1,331  $  1,397  Net investment in sales-type leases - non-  current  Other receivables  $  -  $  803   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

We had no material acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

The following is a summary of business combinations completed during the year ended December 31, 2019.

## Atrient, Inc.

On March 8, 2019, we acquired certain assets of Atrient, Inc. ('Atrient,' the 'Seller'), a privately held company that developed and distributed hardware and software applications to gaming operators to enhance gaming patron loyalty, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. This acquisition included existing contracts with gaming operators, technology, and intellectual property that allow us to provide gaming operators with self-service enrollment, loyalty and marketing equipment, a mobile application to offer a gaming operator's patrons additional flexibility in accessing casino promotions, and a marketing platform that manages and delivers a gaming operator's marketing programs through these patron interfaces. This acquisition expanded our financial technology solutions offerings within our FinTech segment. Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, we paid the Seller $20.0 million at the closing of the transaction, $10.0 million one year following the closing and another $ 10.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The related liabilities were recorded at fair value on the acquisition date as part of the consideration transferred and were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2020.

Furthermore, an additional amount of approximately $ 9.9 million in contingent consideration was earned by the Seller based upon the achievement of certain  revenue  targets  over  the  first two  years  post-closing,  which  we  paid  in  June  2021.  The  related  liabilities  were  recorded  at  fair  value  on  the acquisition date as part of the consideration transferred and were remeasured each reporting period. The inputs used to measure the fair value of our liabilities  were  categorized  as  Level  3  in  the  fair  value  hierarchy.  Contingent  consideration  liabilities  as  of  December  31,  2020  were  approximately $9.9 million, and were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in our Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020.

## Micro Gaming Technologies, Inc.

On December 24, 2019, we acquired certain assets of Micro Gaming Technologies, Inc. ('MGT'), a privately held company that developed and distributed kiosks and software applications to gaming patrons to enhance patron loyalty, in an asset purchase agreement. The acquired assets consisted of existing contracts with gaming operators, technology, and intellectual property intended to allow us to provide gaming operators with self-service patron loyalty functionality delivered through stand-alone kiosk equipment and a marketing platform that manages and delivers gaming operators marketing programs through these patron interfaces. This acquisition further expanded our financial technology loyalty offerings within our FinTech segment. Under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, we paid MGT $15.0 million at the closing of the transaction, with an additional $ 5.0 million due by April 1, 2020 and a final payment of $5.0 million due two years following the date of closing.

In the second quarter of 2020, we entered into an amendment to the asset purchase agreement allowing us to remit the additional $ 5.0 million by July 1, 2020, which we paid in June 2020. The final payment of $5.0 million due by July 1, 2021 was paid in June 2021. The related liabilities were recorded at fair value on the acquisition date as part of the consideration transferred and were included in accounts payable and accrued expenses as of December 31, 2020. The total consideration for this acquisition was $25.0 million. The acquisition did not have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition.

## 5. FUNDING AGREEMENTS

## Commercial Cash Arrangements

We have commercial arrangements with third-party vendors to provide cash for certain of our fund dispensing devices. For the use of these funds, we pay a usage fee on either the average daily balance of funds utilized multiplied by a contractually defined usage rate or the amounts supplied multiplied by a contractually defined usage rate. These fund usage fees, reflected as interest expense within the Statements of Operations, were approximately $4.0 million, $3.1 million, and $7.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. We are exposed to interest rate risk to the extent that the applicable rates increase.

Under these agreements, the currency supplied by third party vendors remain their sole property until the funds are dispensed. As these funds are not our assets, supplied cash is not reflected in our Balance Sheets. The outstanding balance of funds provided from the third parties were approximately $401.8 million and $340.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Our primary commercial arrangement, the Contract Cash Solutions Agreement, as amended, is with Wells Fargo, N.A. ('Wells Fargo'). Wells Fargo provides us with cash up to $300 million with the ability to increase the amount as defined within the agreement or otherwise permitted by the vault cash provider. The term of the agreement expires on June 30, 2023 and will automatically renew for additional one-year periods unless either party provides a ninety-day written notice of its intent not to renew.

We are responsible for losses of cash in the fund dispensing devices under this agreement, and we self-insure for this type of risk. There were no material losses for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.

## Site-Funded ATMs

We operate ATMs at certain customers' gaming establishments where the gaming establishment provides the cash required for the ATMs' operational needs. We are required to reimburse the customer for the amount of cash dispensed from these site-funded ATMs. The site-funded ATM liability included within settlement liabilities in the accompanying Balance Sheets was approximately $194.3 million and $125.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Everi-Funded ATMs

We enter into agreements with international customers for certain of our ATMs whereby we provide the cash required to operate the ATMs. The amount of  cash  supplied  by  Everi  represents  an  outstanding  balance  under  such  agreements  at  the  end  of  the  period.  Such  amounts  are  reported  within settlement receivables line on our Balance Sheets. The outstanding balances in connection with these arrangements were immaterial at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Pre-Funded Financial Access Agreements

Due to regulatory requirements in certain jurisdictions, some international gaming establishments require pre-funding of cash to cover the outstanding settlement amounts in order for us to provide financial access services to their properties. We enter into agreements with these gaming operators for which  we  supply  our  financial  access  services  to  their  properties.  Under  these  agreements,  we  maintain  sole  discretion  to  either  continue  or  cease operations as well as discretion over the amounts pre-funded to the properties and may request amounts to be refunded to us, with appropriate notice to the operator, at any time. The initial pre-funded amounts and subsequent amounts from the settlement of transactions are deposited into a bank account that is to be used exclusively for financial access services, and we maintain the right to monitor the transaction activity in that account. The total amount of pre-funded cash outstanding was approximately $3.0 million and $2.6 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets line on our Balance Sheets.

## 6. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

Trade and other receivables represent short-term credit granted to customers and long-term loans receivable in connection with our Games and FinTech equipment and compliance products. Trade and loans receivables generally do not require collateral.

The balance of trade and loans receivables consists of outstanding balances owed to us by gaming establishments. Other receivables include income tax receivables and other miscellaneous receivables.

The balance of trade and other receivables consisted of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Trade and other receivables, net  Games trade and loans receivables  $  77,053  $  44,794  FinTech trade and loans receivables  21,504  14,683  Contract assets  15,221  17,561  Insurance settlement receivable  -  7,650  Other receivables  3,695  1,923  Net investment in sales-type leases  1,331  2,200  Total trade and other receivables, net  118,804  88,811  Non-current portion of receivables  Games trade and loans receivables  (1,348)  (1,333)  FinTech trade and loans receivables  (7,340)  (4,163)  Contract assets  (5,294)  (8,321)  Net investment in sales-type leases  -  (803)  Total non-current portion of receivables  (13,982)  (14,620)  Total trade and other receivables, current portion  $  104,822  $  74,191  (1)  (2)  (1)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Refer to 'Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies'  for a discussion on the contract assets.

(2) Refer to 'Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies'  for a discussion on the insurance settlement receivable.

## Allowance for Credit Losses

The activity in our allowance for credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Beginning allowance for credit losses  $  (3,689)  $  (5,786)  Provision  (7,540)  (8,010)  Charge-offs and recoveries  6,068  10,107  Ending allowance for credit losses  $  (5,161)  $  (3,689)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. INVENTORY

Our inventory primarily consists of component parts as well as work-in-progress and finished goods. The cost of inventory includes cost of materials, labor, overhead and freight, and is accounted for using the first in, first out method. The inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value.

Inventory consisted of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Inventory  Component parts, net of reserves of $ 2,422 and $1,262 at December 31, 2021  and December 31, 2020, respectively  $  22,490  $  21,560  Work-in-progress  554  182  Finished goods  6,189  6,000  Total inventory  $  29,233  $  27,742   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER ASSETS

Prepaid  expenses  and  other  assets  include  the  balance  of  prepaid  expenses,  deposits,  debt  issuance  costs  on  our  New  Revolver,  restricted  cash, operating lease ROU assets, and other assets. The current portion of these assets is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and the noncurrent portion is included in other assets, both of which are contained within our Balance Sheets.

The balance of the current portion of prepaid expenses and other assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  Prepaid expenses  $  14,389  $  11,282  Deposits  7,709  4,133  Restricted cash  1,616  542  Other  3,585  1,391  Total prepaid expenses and other current assets  $  27,299  $  17,348  (1)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Refer to 'Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies'  for discussion on the composition of the restricted cash balance.

The balance of the non-current portion of other assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Other assets  Operating lease ROU assets  $  12,692  $  16,104  Prepaid expenses and deposits  4,789  4,952  Debt issuance costs of revolving credit facility  1,760  267  Other  418  673  Total other assets  $  19,659  $  21,996   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31, 2021  At December 31, 2020  Useful Life (Years)  Cost  Accumulated  Depreciation  Net Book  Value  Cost  Accumulated  Depreciation  Net Book  Value  Property and equipment  Rental pool - deployed  2-4  $  248,958  $  166,075  $  82,883  $  216,775  $  136,975  $  79,800  Rental pool - undeployed  2-4  23,284  18,285  4,999  21,974  16,680  5,294  FinTech equipment  1-5  32,802  21,257  11,545  33,349  21,947  11,402  Leasehold and building improvements  Lease Term  12,598  9,234  3,364  11,352  8,557  2,795  Machinery, office, and other equipment  1-5  45,277  28,075  17,202  45,085  32,053  13,032  Total  $  362,919  $  242,926  $  119,993  $  328,535  $  216,212  $  112,323   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation  expense  related  to  property  and  equipment  totaled  approximately  $ 61.5  million,  $67.5  million,  and  $63.2  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

## 10. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

## Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired plus liabilities assumed arising from business combinations. The balance of goodwill was approximately $682.7 million and $682.0 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We have the following reporting units: (i) Games; (ii) Financial Access Services; (iii) Kiosk Sales and Services; (iv) Central Credit Services; (v) Compliance Sales and Services; and (vi) Loyalty Sales and Services.

In accordance with ASC 350 ('Intangibles-Goodwill and Other'), we test goodwill at the reporting unit level, which is identified as an operating segment or one level below, for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if events and circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.

We test our goodwill for impairment on October 1 each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. The annual impairment test is completed using either: a qualitative 'Step 0' assessment  based  on  reviewing  relevant  events  and  circumstances  or  a  quantitative  'Step  1'  assessment,  which  determines  the  fair  value  of  the reporting unit, using both an income approach that discounts future cash flows based on the estimated future results of our reporting units and a market approach  that  compares  market  multiples  of  comparable  companies  to  determine  whether  or  not  any  impairment  exists.  To  the  extent  the  carrying amount of a reporting unit is less than its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded.

In connection with our annual goodwill impairment testing process for 2021 and 2020, we determined that no impairment adjustments were necessary for each of our reporting units.

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows (in thousands):

| Games  Financial  Access  Services  Kiosk Sales  and Services  Central Credit  Services  Compliance  Sales and  Services  Loyalty Sales  and Services  Total  Goodwill  Balance, December 31, 2019  $  449,041  $  157,074  $  5,745  $  17,127  $  11,578  $  41,070  $  681,635  Foreign translation adjustment  -  14  -  -  -  -  14  Acquisitions  -  -  -  -  -  325  325  Balance, December 31, 2020  $  449,041  $  157,088  $  5,745  $  17,127  $  11,578  $  41,395  $  681,974  Foreign translation adjustment  -  2  -  -  -  -  2  Acquisitions  -  -  -  -  687  -  687  Balance, December 31, 2021  $  449,041  $  157,090  $  5,745  $  17,127  $  12,265  $  41,395  $  682,663   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands):

| At December 31, 2021  At December 31, 2020  Useful Life (Years)  Cost  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Book  Value  Cost  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Book  Value  Other intangible assets  Contract rights under placement fee  agreements  3-7  $  58,837  $  4,237  $  54,600  $  60,561  $  28,108  $  32,453  Customer contracts  3-14  72,138  58,758  13,380  71,975  54,407  17,568  Customer relationships  8-12  231,100  147,515  83,585  231,100  126,549  104,551  Developed technology and software  1-6  342,309  280,412  61,897  313,957  255,771  58,186  Patents, trademarks, and other  2-18  20,547  19,415  1,132  19,682  17,813  1,869  Total  $  724,931  $  510,337  $  214,594  $  697,275  $  482,648  $  214,627   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization  expense  related  to  other  intangible  assets  totaled  approximately  $ 58.0  million,  $75.3  million,  and  $68.9  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. We capitalized $30.2 million, $21.2 million, and $43.7 million of internally-developed software costs for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

On a quarterly basis, we evaluate our other intangible assets for potential impairment as part of our review process. There was no material impairment identified  for  any  of  our  other  intangible  assets  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2019.  During  2020,  we  recorded  a  full  write-down  of intangible assets of approximately $6.3 million, of which $6.0 million and $0.3 million, related to our Games and FinTech businesses, respectively, for certain  of  our  internally  developed  and  third-party  software  projects  that  were  not  expected  to  be  pursued.  This  charge  was  reflected  in  Operating Expenses of our Statement of Operations.

The anticipated amortization expense related to other intangible assets, assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, is as follows (in thousands):

| Anticipated amortization expense  Amount  2022  $  57,122  2023  38,104  2024  28,402  2025  26,342  2026  25,712  Thereafter  11,327  Total  $  187,009  (1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had $27.6 million in other intangible assets that had not yet been placed into service.

Placement fees and amounts advanced in excess of those to be reimbursed by the customer for real property and land improvements are allocated to intangible assets and are generally amortized over the term of the contract, which is recorded as a reduction of revenue generated from the facility. In the past  we  have,  and  in  the  future,  we  may,  by  mutual  agreement,  amend  the  agreements  to  reduce  our  floor  space  at  these  facilities.  Any  proceeds received  for  the  reduction  of  floor  space  are  first  applied  against  the  intangible  asset  for  that  particular  placement  fee  agreement,  if  any,  and  the remaining net book value of the intangible asset is prospectively amortized on a straight-line method over its remaining estimated useful life.

We paid approximately $31.5 million,  $3.1  million,  and  $17.7  million  in  placement  fees  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021,  2020,  and 2019, respectively. In September 2021, we entered into a placement fee agreement with a customer for certain of its locations for approximately $28.9 million, which we settled in October 2021. There were no material imputed interest amounts recorded in connection with these payments for t he years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the year ended December 31,  2019, the payments made included approximately $0.6 million of imputed interest.

## 11. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES

The following table presents our accounts payable and accrued expenses (amounts in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Accounts payable and accrued expenses  Customer commissions payable  57,515  39,028  Contract liabilities  36,238  26,980  Payroll and related expenses  29,125  13,357  Accounts payable - trade  25,453  15,503  Accrued interest  9,273  1,068  Operating lease liabilities  5,663  5,649  Financial access processing and related expenses  3,619  1,109  Accrued income taxes  2,756  1,329  Contingent consideration and acquisition-related liabilities  -  24,674  Litigation accrual  -  12,727  Other  4,291  3,605  Total accounts payable and accrued expenses  $  173,933  $  145,029  (1)  (2)  (3)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Refer to 'Note 12 - Long-Term Debt' for further discussion.

(2) Refer to 'Note 4 - Business Combinations' for discussion on contingent consideration and acquisition-related liabilities.

(3) Refer to 'Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies'  for discussion on this legal matter.

## 12. LONG-TERM DEBT

The following table summarizes our indebtedness (in thousands):

| Maturity  Interest  At December 31,  Date  Rate  2021  2020  Long-term debt  $600 million New Term Loan  2028  LIBOR+2.50%  $  598,500  $  -  $125 million New Revolver  2026  LIBOR+2.50%  -  -  $820 million Prior Term Loan  2024  LIBOR+2.75%  -  735,500  $125 million Prior Incremental Term Loan  2024  LIBOR+10.50%  -  124,375  Senior Secured Credit Facilities  598,500  859,875  $400 million 2021 Unsecured Notes  2029  5.00%  400,000  -  $375 million 2017 Unsecured Notes  2025  7.50%  -  285,381  Total debt  998,500  1,145,256  Debt issuance costs and discount  (16,975)  (16,003)  Total debt after debt issuance costs and discount  981,525  1,129,253  Current portion of long-term debt  (6,000)  (1,250)  Total long-term debt, net of current portion  $  975,525  $  1,128,003   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## New Credit Facilities

The Company, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement dated August 3, 2021 (the 'Closing Date'), among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer (the 'New Credit Agreement'). The New Credit Agreement provides for: (i) a seven-year $600 million senior secured term loan due 2028 issued at  99.75% of par (the 'New Term Loan '); and (ii) a $125 million senior secured revolving credit facility due 2026, which was undrawn at closing (the ' New Revolver' and together with the New Term Loan, the 'New Credit Facilities').

The fees associated with the New Credit Facilities were approximately $ 13.9 million, which included discounts of approximately $ 1.5 million.

The interest rate per annum applicable to the New Credit Facilities will be, at the Company's option, either the Eurodollar rate with a 0.50% LIBOR floor plus a margin of 2.50% or the base rate plus a margin of  1.50%.

The New Revolver is available for general corporate purposes, including permitted acquisitions, working capital and the issuance of letters of credit. Borrowings  under  the  New  Revolver  are  subject  to  the  satisfaction  of  customary  conditions,  including  the  absence  of  defaults  and  the  accuracy  of representations and warranties.

The Company is required to make periodic payments on the New Term Loan in an amount equal to 0.25% per quarter of the initial aggregate principal, with the final principal repayment installment on the maturity date. Interest is due in arrears on each interest payment date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified in the New Credit Agreement. As to any loan other than a base rate loan, the interest payment dates shall be the last day of each interest period applicable to such loan and the maturity date (provided, however, that if any interest period for a Eurodollar Rate loan exceeds three months, the respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such interest period shall also be interest payment dates). As to any base rate loan, commencing on the last business day of December 2021, the interest payment dates shall be last business day of each of March, June, September and December and the maturity date.

Voluntary prepayments of the New Term Loan and the New Revolver and voluntary reductions in the unused commitments are permitted in whole or in part,  in  minimum  amounts  as  set  forth  in  the  New  Credit  Agreement  governing  the  New  Credit  Facilities,  with  prior  notice,  and  without  premium  or penalty, except that certain refinancings or repricings of the New Term Loan within six months after the Closing Date will be subject to a prepayment premium of 1.00% of the principal amount repaid.

The New Credit Agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, limit the Company's ability, and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries, to incur additional indebtedness, sell assets or consolidate or merge with or into other companies, pay dividends or repurchase or redeem capital stock, make certain investments, issue capital stock of subsidiaries, incur liens, prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt, and enter into certain types of  transactions  with  its  affiliates.  The  New  Credit Agreement  also  requires  the  Company,  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  to  comply  with  a  maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of 4.25:1.00 as of the measurement date.

The weighted average interest rate on the New Term Loan wa s 3.00% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 2021 Senior Unsecured Notes

On July 15, 2021, the Company, as issuer, completed the debt offering (the 'Offering') of $ 400 million in aggregate principal amount of Everi's 5.00% senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the '2021 Unsecured Notes'). Pursuant to a Purchase Agreement dated June 30, 2021 (the 'Purchase Agreement') by and among the Company and certain of Everi's direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries, as guarantors (collectively the 'Guarantors'), and Jefferies LLC as  representative  of  the  several  initial  purchasers  (collectively  the  'Initial  Purchasers'),  the  Company  issued,  at  a  price  of  par,  and  sold  the  2021 Unsecured Notes to the Initial Purchasers for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  'Securities  Act'),  and  to  certain  non-U.S.  persons  pursuant  to  Regulation  S  of  the  Securities  Act.  The  2021  Unsecured  Notes,  and  guarantees thereof, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdictions, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

The fees associated with the 2021 Unsecured Notes included debt issuance costs of approximately $ 5.9 million.

The 2021 Unsecured Notes were issued under an indenture (the 'Indenture') dated July 15, 2021 by and among Everi, the Guarantors and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee (the 'Trustee'). The 2021 Unsecured Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Guarantors. Interest on the 2021 Unsecured Notes accrues at a rate of 5.00% per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on each January 15 and July 15 (the 'Interest Payment Dates'), commencing on January 15, 2022. The Company will make each interest payment to the holders of record on each January 1 and July 1 immediately preceding the Interest Payment Dates. The 2021 Unsecured Notes will mature on July 15, 2029.

The 2021 Unsecured Notes and the related guarantees are senior obligations of Everi and the Guarantors, respectively, and rank equally with all of the Company's and each Guarantor's present and future senior indebtedness and rank senior in right of payment to all of Everi's and each Guarantor's present and future subordinated indebtedness. The 2021 Unsecured Notes and related guarantees are effectively subordinated to all of Everi's and each Guarantor's present and future secured indebtedness

(to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness). The 2021 Unsecured Notes are structurally subordinated in right of payment to all present and future indebtedness and other liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2021 Unsecured Notes.

The Company will have the option to redeem some, or all, of the 2021 Unsecured Notes at any time on, or after, July 15, 2024 at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. Everi will also have the option to redeem some, or all, of the 2021 Unsecured Notes at any time prior to July 15, 2024 at a redemption price of  100% of the principal amount of the 2021 Unsecured Notes to be redeemed, plus an applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. In addition, at any time before July 15, 2024, the Company may redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Unsecured Notes at a redemption price of 105.00% of the principal amount of the 2021 Unsecured Notes redeemed together with accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date with the proceeds from certain equity issuances. The 2021 Unsecured Notes are also subject to redemption requirements under state and local gaming laws and regulations. If Everi experiences specified changes of control, the Company may be required to offer to purchase the 2021 Unsecured Notes at 101% of their aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase.

The Indenture contains customary covenants restricting the Company's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred stock; (ii) pay dividends or repurchase or redeem capital stock or make other restricted payments; (iii) limit  dividends  or  other  payments by the Company's restricted subsidiaries to the Company or the Company's other restricted subsidiaries; (iv) incur certain  liens;  (v)  enter  into  transactions  with  affiliates;  (vi)  become  an  investment  company;  (vii)  consolidate  or  merge  with  or  into  certain  other companies; and (viii) designate certain of the Company's subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries under the Indenture. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions, including certain provisions permitting the Company, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to transfer assets to certain of the Company's unrestricted subsidiaries. The Indenture also contains customary events of default. Upon an event of default under the Indenture, the Trustee or the holders of at least 30% in aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Unsecured Notes then outstanding may declare all amounts owing under the 2021 Unsecured Notes to be due and payable.

## Refinancing and Repayment

The proceeds from the New Term Loan incurred on the Closing Date, together with the proceeds of the $ 400 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 2021 Unsecured Notes, issued at  a  price  of  par  on  July  15,  2021,  and  cash  on  hand  were  used  to:  (i)  prepay  in  full  and  terminate  all commitments under the Everi Payments Inc. ('Everi Payments') existing credit facility in the aggregate original principal amount of $820 million with an outstanding balance of approximately $735.5 million with Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, letter of credit issuer, sole lead arranger and sole book manager (the 'Prior Term Loan'); (ii) redeem in full the Everi Payments 7.50% senior unsecured notes due in 2025  (the  '2017  Unsecured  Notes')  in  the  aggregate  original  principal  amount  of  $375.0  million  with  an  outstanding  balance  of  approximately $285.4  million  with  Everi  Payments,  the  Company  and  Deutsche  Bank  Trust  Company  Americas,  as  Trustee;  (iii)  prepay  in  full  and  terminate  all commitments under the Everi Payments existing incremental term loan facility (the 'Prior Incremental Term Loan') in the aggregate original principal amount  of  $125  million  with  an  outstanding  balance  of  approximately  $123.8  million  with  the  lenders  party  thereto  and  Jefferies  Finance  LLC,  as administrative agent and collateral agent; and (iv) pay related transaction fees and expenses with respect to the aforementioned debt instruments.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with these refinancing and repayment activities, the total fees were approximately $ 40.6 million, comprised  of  approximately  $20.8  million  of  early  redemption  penalties  and  make-whole  interest  associated  with  the  prior  debt  instruments  and approximately $19.8 million of capitalized debt issuance costs attributable to the new debt instruments.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, in connection with these refinancing and repayment activities, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $34.4 million, comprised of cash charges of approximately $ 20.8 million for prepayment penalties and make-whole interest and noncash charges of approximately $13.6 million related to the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts associated with the Prior Term Loan, the Prior Incremental Term Loan and the 2017 Unsecured Notes.

For the period from January 1, 2021 to the Closing Date, the Prior Term Loan and the Prior Incremental Term Loan each had a weighted average interest rate of 3.54% and 11.50%, respectively. Together, the two facilities had a blended weighted average interest rate of 4.69% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.

## Compliance with Debt Covenants

We were in compliance with the covenants and terms of the New Credit Facilities and the 2021 Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2021.

## Principal Repayments

The maturities of our borrowings at December 31, 2021 are as follows (in thousands):

| Amount  Maturities of borrowings  2022  $  6,000  2023  6,000  2024  6,000  2025  6,000  2026  6,000  Thereafter  968,500  Total  $  998,500   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

We are involved in various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. While we believe resolution of the claims brought against us, both individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations, litigation of this nature is inherently  unpredictable.  Our  views  on  these  legal  proceedings,  including  those  described  below,  may  change  in  the  future.  We  intend  to  vigorously defend against these actions, and ultimately believe we should prevail.

## Legal Contingencies

We evaluate matters and record an accrual for legal contingencies when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount or range of the loss may be reasonably estimated. We evaluate legal contingencies at least quarterly and, as appropriate, establish new accruals or adjust existing accruals to reflect: (i) the facts and circumstances known to us at the time, including information regarding negotiations, settlements, rulings, and other relevant  events  and  developments;  (ii)  the  advice  and  analyses  of  counsel;  and  (iii)  the  assumptions  and  judgment  of  management.  Legal  costs associated with such proceedings are expensed as incurred. Due to the inherent uncertainty of legal proceedings as a result of the procedural, factual, and legal issues involved, the outcomes of our legal contingencies could result in losses in excess of amounts we have accrued.

We  accrued  approximately  $14.0  million  for  legal  contingencies  in  December  2019  in  connection  with  Fair  and  Accurate  Credit  Transactions  Act ('FACTA')-related matters based on then-ongoing settlement negotiations by and among various plaintiffs and Everi by and on behalf of itself and Everi FinTech. We recovered approximately $7.7 million of the amount accrued from certain of our insurance providers in 2021, for which we had recorded an insurance settlement receivable included within trade and other receivables, net on our Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. In addition, we were granted relief from Peleus Insurance Company pursuant to the provisions of our policy.

In  the  first  quarter  of  2021,  we  entered  into  a  settlement  agreement  and  received  funds  from  our  third-tier  insurance  carrier  in  the  amount  of approximately $1.9 million related to the FACTA matters. We recorded these proceeds against our operating expenses in our Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. In total, the receivables have been received in full and the expenses accrued have been paid in full, which resulted  in  total  funds  received  from  our  insurance  providers  of  approximately  $9.6  million  and  a  net  charge  of  approximately  $ 4.4  million  to  our Statements  of  Operations,  of  which  approximately  $6.3  million  was  recorded  in  December  2019,  offset  by  the  reduction  of  operating  expenses  of $1.9 million recorded in the first quarter of 2021.

We did not have any new material legal matters that were accrued as of December 31, 2021.

## FACTA-related matter:

Geraldine Donahue, et al. v. Everi Payments Inc., et al. ('Donahue') is a putative class action matter filed on December 12, 2018, in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois County Division, Chancery Division. The original defendant was dismissed and Everi Holdings and FinTech were substituted as the defendants on April 22, 2019. Plaintiff, on behalf of himself and others similarly situated, alleges that Everi Holdings and Everi FinTech (i) have violated certain provisions of FACTA by their failure, as agent to the original defendant, to properly truncate patron credit card numbers when printing financial access receipts as required under FACTA, and (ii) have been unjustly enriched  through  the  charging  of  service  fees  for  transactions  conducted  at  the  original  defendant's  facilities.  Plaintiff  sought  an  award  of  statutory damages, attorneys' fees, and costs. The parties settled this matter on a nationwide class basis. On December 3, 2020, the court entered the Final Order and Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing all claims asserted against defendants with prejudice. Everi Holdings and Everi FinTech have paid  all  funds  required  pursuant  to  the  settlement.  Distributions  were  made  to  class  members  and  remaining  unclaimed  funds  will  be  distributed  to nonprofit  charitable  organizations  in  compliance  with  the  court's  October  4,  2021,  approval.  When  the  distribution  of  unclaimed  funds  to  charitable organizations is complete, the parties will file a joint notice of completion of all settlement terms and ask the court to close the file.

## NRT matter:

NRT Technology Corp., et al. v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al. is a civil action filed on April 30, 2019 against Everi Holdings and Everi FinTech in the United States  District  Court  for  the  District  of  Delaware  by  NRT  Technology  Corp.  and  NRT  Technology,  Inc.,  alleging  monopolization  of  the  market  for unmanned, integrated kiosks in violation of federal antitrust laws, fraudulent procurement of patents on functionality related to such unmanned, integrated kiosks and sham litigation related to prior litigation brought by Everi FinTech (operating as Global Cash Access Inc.) against the plaintiff entities. The plaintiffs  are  seeking  compensatory  damages,  treble  damages,  and  injunctive  and  declaratory  relief.  This  case  is  currently  proceeding  through  the discovery process. We are currently unable to determine the probability of the outcome or estimate the range of reasonably possible loss, if any, in this matter.

## Zenergy Systems, LLC matter:

Zenergy Systems, LLC v. Everi Payments Inc. is a civil action filed on May 29, 2020, against Everi FinTech in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada, Clark County by Zenergy Systems, LLC, alleging breach of contract, breach of a non-disclosure agreement, conversion, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and breach of a confidential relationship related to a contract with Everi FinTech that expired in November 2019. The plaintiff is seeking compensatory and punitive damages. Everi FinTech has counterclaimed against Zenergy alleging breach of contract, breach of implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and for declaratory relief. The case is set for trial in June 2022. We are currently unable to determine the probability of the outcome or estimate the range of reasonably possible loss, if any, in this matter.

## Sadie Saavedra matter:

Sadie Saavedra, et al. v. Everi Payments Inc., et al. is a civil action filed on August 30, 2021, against Everi Holdings and Everi FinTech in the United States  District  Court,  Central  District  of  California  (Western  Division)  by  Sadie  Saavedra,  individually  and  on  behalf  of  a  class  of  similarly  situated individuals, alleging violations of the Unfair Competition Law (California Business &amp; Professions Code § 17200) and unjust enrichment. The plaintiffs allege that certain of Everi's ATM screens are deceptive and designed to maximize the number of transaction fees and mislead consumers into incurring fees for transactions they did not wish to conduct. The plaintiffs are seeking restitution, injunctive relief and attorneys' fees. We are in the early stages of litigation and currently unable to determine the probability of the outcome or estimate the range of reasonably possible loss, if any, in this matter.

## Sightline Payments matter:

Sightline Payments LLC v. Everi Holdings Inc., et al. is a civil action filed on September 30, 2021, against Everi Holdings, Everi FinTech, Everi Games Holding Inc., and Everi Games in the United States District Court, Western District of Texas (Waco Division) by Sightline Payments LLC alleging patent infringement in violation of 35 U.S.C. § 271 et seq. The plaintiff's complaint alleges that Everi's CashClub Wallet product infringes on certain patents owned by the plaintiff. The plaintiff is seeking compensatory damages. Everi filed a Motion to Dismiss or Transfer for Lack of Venue. The court has not yet set a hearing date for the pending motion. We are in the early stages of litigation and currently unable to determine the probability of the outcome or estimate the range of reasonably possible loss, if any, in this matter.

In addition, we have commitments with respect to certain lease obligations discussed in  'Note 3 - Leases' and installment payments under our asset purchase agreements discussed in 'Note 4 - Business Combinations.'

## 14. SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

On February 28, 2020, our Board of Directors authorized and approved a new share repurchase program granting us the authority to repurchase an amount  not  to  exceed  $10.0  million  of  outstanding  Company  common  stock  with  no  minimum  number  of  shares  that  the  Company  is  required  to repurchase. This new repurchase program commenced in the first quarter of 2020 and authorizes us to buy our common stock from time to time in open market transactions, block trades or in private transactions in accordance with trading plans established in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or by a combination of such methods, including compliance with the Company's finance agreements. The share repurchase program is subject to available liquidity, general market and economic conditions, alternate uses for the capital and other factors, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. In light of COVID-19, we have suspended our share repurchase program. There were no share repurchases during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Preferred Stock. Our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation,  as  amended,  allows  our  Board  of  Directors,  without  further  action  by stockholders, to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, privileges and relative participating, optional, or special rights as well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no shares of preferred stock outstanding.

Common Stock. Subject to the preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock that may be outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at the times and in the amounts as our Board of Directors may from time to time determine. All dividends are non-cumulative. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Everi, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after the payment of liabilities, subject to the prior distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then  outstanding.  Each  stockholder  is  entitled  to one  vote  for  each  share  of  common  stock  held  on  all  matters  submitted  to  a  vote  of  stockholders. Cumulative voting for the election of directors is not provided for. The common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion or redemption.  There  are  no  sinking  fund  provisions  applicable  to  the  common  stock.  Each  outstanding  share  of  common  stock  is  fully  paid  and  nonassessable. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had 116,996,348 and 111,872,439 shares of common stock issued, respectively.

Treasury  Stock. Employees may direct  us  to  withhold  vested  shares  of  restricted  stock  to  satisfy  the  maximum  statutory  withholding  requirements applicable to their restricted stock vesting. We repurchased or withheld from restricted stock awards 493,662 and 193,809 shares of common stock at an aggregate purchase price of approximately $9.4 million and $1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to satisfy the maximum applicable tax withholding obligations related to the vesting of such restricted stock awards.

Issuance of Common Stock. In December 2019, we issued and sold  11,500,000 shares of our common stock and used the aggregate net proceeds of approximately $122.4 million to pay down a portion of the Term Loan Facility and to redeem a portion of the 2017 Unsecured Notes.

## 15. WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

The  weighted  average  number  of  common  stock  outstanding  used  in  the  computation  of  basic  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  is  as  follows  (in thousands):

| At December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Weighted average shares  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic  89,284  85,379  72,376  Potential dilution from equity awards  10,683  -  6,859  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - diluted  99,967  85,379  79,235  (1)  (1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) There were no shares that were anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company was in a net loss position for the year ended December 31, 2020; therefore, no potential dilution from the application of the treasury stock method was applicable. The potential dilution excludes the weighted average effect of equity awards to purchase approximately 3.3  million  and 0.5 million shares of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2019 as the application of the treasury stock method, as required, makes them anti-dilutive.

## 16. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

## Equity Incentive Awards

Our  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (as  amended  and  rest ated  effective  May  19,  2021,  the  'Amended  and  Restated  2014  Plan')  and  our  2012  Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the '2012 Plan') are used to attract and retain key personnel, to provide additional incentives to employees, directors, and consultants, and to promote the success of our business. Our equity incentive plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors, which has the authority to select individuals who are to receive equity incentive awards and to specify the terms and conditions of grants of such awards, including, but not limited to the vesting provisions and exercise prices, as applicable.

Generally, we grant the following types of awards: (i) restricted stock units with either time- or performance-based criteria; (ii) time-based options; and (iii) market-based options. We estimate forfeiture amounts based on historical patterns.

A summary of award activity is as follows (in thousands):

| Stock Options Granted  Restricted Stock Units Granted  Outstanding, December 31, 2020  10,261  4,250  Granted  -  968  Exercised options or vested shares  (3,180)  (1,566)  Canceled or forfeited  (8)  (112)  Outstanding, December 31, 2021  7,073  3,540   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are approximately 5.1 million awards of our common stock available for future equity grants under our existing equity incentive plans.

## Stock Options

Our time-based stock options granted under our equity plans generally vest at a rate of 25% per year on each of the first  four anniversaries of the grant dates, and expire after a ten-year period.

Our market-based options granted in 2017 under our 2014 Plan and 2012 Plan vest at a rate of 25% per year on each of the first  four anniversaries of the grant date, provided that as of the vesting date for each vesting tranche, the closing price of the Company's shares on the New York Stock Exchange is at least a specified price hurdle, defined as a 25% premium for 2017 to the closing stock price on the grant date. If the price hurdle is not met as of the vesting date for a vesting tranche, the vested tranche shall vest and become vested shares on the last day of a period of 30 consecutive trading days during which the closing price is at least the price hurdle. These options expire after a ten-year period.

The following table presents the options activity:

| Number of Options  (in thousands)  Weighted Average  Exercise Price  (per Share)  Weighted  Average Life  Remaining  (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic Value  (in thousands)  Outstanding, December 31, 2020  10,261  $  5.18  4.4  $  88,550  Granted  -  Exercised  (3,180)  5.74  Canceled or forfeited  (8)  5.21  Outstanding, December 31, 2021  7,073  4.93  3.8  116,155  Vested and expected to vest after, December 31, 2021  7,073  4.93  3.8  116,148  Exercisable, December 31, 2021  7,068  $  4.93  3.8  $  116,088   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the options outstanding and exercisable by price range:

| Options Outstanding  Options Exercisable  Number  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contract  Life  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Number  Exercisable  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Range of Exercise Prices  (in thousands)  (Years)  Prices  (in thousands)  Price  $  1.46  $  1.46  1,095  4.4  $  1.46  1,095  $  1.46  1.57  2.78  820  4.3  2.54  820  2.54  3.29  3.29  2,092  5.2  3.29  2,092  3.29  5.58  7.09  824  2.3  6.68  824  6.68  7.10  7.61  245  1.4  7.45  245  7.45  7.74  7.74  694  3.3  7.74  694  7.74  7.88  7.88  20  6.6  7.88  15  7.88  8.32  8.32  25  5.8  8.32  25  8.32  8.92  8.92  1,250  2.1  8.92  1,250  8.92  9.74  9.74  8  2.0  9.74  8  9.74  7,073  7,068   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no time-based or market-based option awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $46.5 million, $6.7 million, and $9.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

The unrecognized compensation expense related to options expected to vest as of December 31, 2021 was not material. We received approximately $18.2 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of options during 2021.

There was approximately $0.3 million and $1.4 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to options expected to vest as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This cost was expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of 0.2 years and 1.0 year for  the  years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We recorded approximately $1.4 million and $2.4 million in non-cash compensation expense related to options granted that were expected to vest as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We received approximately $6.2 million and $15.7 million in cash proceeds from the exercise of options during 2020 and 2019, respectively.

## Restricted Stock Units

The fair value of our restricted stock units awarded is based on the closing stock price of our common stock at the date of grant.

## Time-based Awards

The time-based restricted stock units ('RSUs') granted to executives and the employee base, during 2021, 2020 and 2019, vest at a rate of either  33% per year on each of the first three anniversaries of the dates of grant, or 100% on the anniversary of grant date ending after either 1 year or 2 years.

The RSUs granted to independent members of our Board of Directors, during 2021, 2020 and 2019, vest on either the one-year or three-year anniversary of  the  date  of  grant  and  settle  on  the  earliest  of  the  following  events:  (i) ten-year  anniversary  of  the  date  of  grant;  (ii)  death;  (iii)  the  occurrence  of  a Change in Control (as defined in the Amended and Restated 2014 Plan), subject to qualifying conditions; or (iv) the date that is six months following the separation from service, subject to qualifying conditions.

## Performance-based Awards

The performance-based restricted stock units ('PSUs') granted during 2021 will be evaluated by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors after a performance period, beginning on the date of grant through December 31, 2023, based on certain revenue and free cash flow growth rate metrics, with achievement of each measure to be determined independently of one another. To the extent the performance criteria of the metrics are approved, the eligible awards will become vested on the third anniversary of the date of grant.

The PSUs granted during 2020 will be evaluated by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors after a performance period, beginning on the date of grant through December 31, 2022, based on total revenue and certain revenue growth rate metrics. If the performance criteria of the metrics are approved, the eligible awards will become vested on the third anniversary of the grant dates.

The PSUs granted during 2019 will be evaluated by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors after a performance period, beginning on the date of grant through December 31, 2021, based on certain revenue and free cash flow growth rate metrics, with achievement of each measure to be determined independently of one another. If the performance criteria of the metrics are approved, the eligible awards will become vested on the third anniversary of the grant dates.

The following table presents our restricted stock unit awards activity:

| Shares Outstanding  (in thousands)  Weighted Average  Grant Date Fair Value  (per Share)  Weighted Average Life  Remaining  (Years)  Aggregate Intrinsic  Value  (in thousands)  Outstanding, December 31, 2020  4,250  $  7.75  1.2  $  58,680  Granted  968  17.70  Vested  (1,566)  7.60  Forfeited  (112)  9.53  Outstanding, December 31, 2021  3,540  10.49  1.0  75,532  Vested and expected to vest after, December 31, 2021  3,087  $  10.69  1.0  $  65,907   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were approximately 1.0 million shares of these awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were approximately  1.6 million awards that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021. There was approximately $23.3 million in unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards expected to vest as of December 31, 2021. This cost is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of 1.4 years. We recorded approximately $20.6 million in non-cash compensation expense related to these awards for the year ended December 31, 2021.

There were approximately 2.2 million and 2.0 million shares of these awards granted for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of these awards granted was $6.08 and $10.16 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There were 0.9 million and 0.3 million RSU awards that vested during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There was approximately $15.3 million and $14.1 million unrecognized compensation expense related to these awards expected to vest as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This cost was expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over a weighted average period of 1.8 years and 2.5 years, respectively. We recorded approximately $11.6 million and $5.7 million in non-cash compensation expense related to RSU awards for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively .

In February 2020, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors authorized an award of RSUs to be granted to key members of management during the quarter ending March 31, 2020 based on the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. The award met the definition of a liability-classified  award  with  2019  being  the  service  period.  As  a  result,  the  Company  recorded  compensation  cost  and  corresponding  share-based liability of approximately $1.7 million representing the fair value of the award at December 31, 2019 measured using the same valuation technique as for our equity-classified awards. The award was expected to be fully vested six months from the grant date and expected to be settled in shares of common stock.

## 17. INCOME TAXES

## (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes

The following presents consolidated income (loss) before tax for domestic and foreign operations (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Consolidated income (loss) before tax  Domestic  $  100,232  $  (87,832)  $  11,709  Foreign  793  396  4,285  Total  $  101,025  $  (87,436)  $  15,994   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax (benefit) provision attributable to the (loss) income from operations before tax consists of the following components (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Income tax (benefit) provision  Domestic  $  (51,923)  $  (5,711)  $  (1,238)  Foreign  23  (45)  715  Total income tax benefit  $  (51,900)  $  (5,756)  $  (523)  Income tax (benefit) provision  Current  $  177  $  823  $  1,071  Deferred  (52,077)  (6,579)  (1,594)  Total income tax benefit  $  (51,900)  $  (5,756)  $  (523)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Effective Tax Rate

A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate and the effective income tax rate is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Income tax reconciliation  Federal statutory rate  21.0 %  21.0 %  21.0 %  Foreign provision  - %  (0.2)%  2.5 %  State/province income tax  3.5 %  4.2 %  (1.6)%  Non-deductible compensation cost  (8.1)%  0.5 %  (5.3)%  Adjustments to carrying values  1.7 %  0.2 %  6.8 %  Research and development credit  (2.3)%  1.0 %  (18.8)%  Valuation allowance  (67.2)%  (19.7)%  (11.9)%  Global intangible low-taxed income  0.1 %  - %  2.7 %  Non-deductible expenses - other  0.1 %  (0.1)%  1.2 %  Other  (0.2)%  (0.3)%  0.1 %  Effective tax rate  (51.4)%  6.6 %  (3.3)%  (1)  (2)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) We removed the full valuation allowance in the federal and certain state jurisdictions in the fourth quarter of 2021.

(2) We had no GILTI inclusion in 2020 due to the high tax exception in some foreign jurisdictions and losses in others.

## Deferred Income Taxes

The major tax-effected components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Deferred income tax assets related to:  Net operating losses  $  84,619  $  109,872  $  97,613  Stock compensation expense  6,210  7,293  6,802  Accounts receivable allowances  1,275  912  1,415  Accrued and prepaid expenses  11,284  8,977  7,869  Other  913  2,098  1,880  Tax credits  14,688  12,377  12,116  Interest limitation  -  -  3,738  Valuation allowance  (804)  (68,746)  (51,522)  Total deferred income tax assets  $  118,185  $  72,783  $  79,911  Deferred income tax liabilities related to:  Property and equipment  $  23,610  $  18,699  $  23,012  Other intangible assets  59,156  67,996  76,279  Long-term debt  7  1,482  2,680  Other  3,291  4,562  4,341  Total deferred income tax liabilities  $  86,064  $  92,739  $  106,312  Deferred income taxes, net  $  32,121  $  (19,956)  $  (26,401)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Operating Losses ('NOLs')

We had approximately $361.0 million, or $75.8 million, tax effected, of accumulated federal NOLs as of December 31, 2021, which may be carried forward and  applied  to  offset  taxable  income  for  20  years  and  will  expire  starting  in  2032  (for  losses  incurred  prior  to  2018).  NOLs  incurred  after  2017  of approximately $94.8 million, or $19.9 million, tax effected, are carried forward indefinitely to offset taxable income. We had approximately $ 14.7 million, tax effected, of federal research and development credit carry-forwards as of December 31, 2021. The research and development credits are limited to a 20 year carry-forward period and will expire starting in 2029.

We had tax effected state NOL carry-forwards of ap proximately $8.8 million as of December 31, 2021, which will expire between 2022 and 2041. The determination and utilization of these state NOL carry-forwards are dependent upon apportionment percentages and other respective state laws, which may change from year to year. As of December 31, 2021, approximately $0.7 million of our valuation allowance relates to  certain  state  NOL  carryforwards that we estimate are not more likely than not to be realized.

## Deferred Tax Assets - Valuation Allowance Assessment

Deferred tax assets arise primarily because expenses have been recorded in historical financial statement periods that will not become deductible for income taxes until future tax years. We record a valuation allowance to reduce the book value of our deferred tax assets to amounts that are estimated on a more likely than not basis to be realized. This assessment requires judgment and is performed on the basis of the weight of all available evidence, both positive and negative, with greater weight placed on information that is objectively verifiable such as historical performance.

Based on an evaluation of the then-available positive and negative evidence, we determined it was appropriate to establish a full valuation allowance on our federal and states deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2016. At that time, and in subsequent quarters, negative evidence, including three years of cumulative losses, outweighed the positive evidence. However, as of December 31, 2021, our U.S. operations emerged from a three-year cumulative loss  position.  Our  U.S.  federal  and  states  operating  businesses  had  deferred  tax  asset  valuation  allowances  of  approximately  $68.7  million  as  of December 31, 2020. Based on our most recent analysis as of December 31, 2021, we removed the full valuation allowance in the federal and certain state jurisdictions, contributing to a $67.9 million reduction in our valuation allowance in 2021. The significant positive evidence in our analysis included: improvements in profitability, product mix, capital levels, credit metrics, a stabilizing economy and future longer-term forecasts showing sustained profitability. We believe the positive evidence now outweighs the negative evidence as of December 31, 2021 and it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized.

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of deferred tax asset valuation allowance (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Balance at beginning of period  $  68,746  $  51,522  $  53,156  Valuation allowance - (reversal) charge  (67,942)  17,224  (1,634)  Balance at end of period  $  804  $  68,746  $  51,522   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unrecognized Tax Positions

The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Unrecognized tax benefit  Unrecognized tax benefit at the beginning of the period  $  1,714  $  1,435  $  1,062  Gross increases - tax positions in prior period  437  279  373  Unrecognized tax benefit at the end of the period  $  2,151  $  1,714  $  1,435   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We analyzed filing positions in the federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions in which we are required to file income tax returns, as well as the open tax years in  these  jurisdictions.  As  of  December  31,  2021,  we  recorded  approximately $2.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits, all of which would impact our effective tax rate, if recognized. We do not anticipate that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change within the next 12 months. The Company has not  accrued  any  penalties  and  interest  for  its  unrecognized  tax  benefits.  Other  than  the  unrecognized  tax  benefit  recorded,  we  believe  that  our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained upon audit, and we do not anticipate other adjustments that will result in a material change to our financial position. We may, from time to time, be assessed interest or penalties by tax jurisdictions, although any such assessments historically have been minimal and immaterial to our financial results. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits and unrecognized tax benefits is to record such items as a component of income tax in our Statements of Operations.

## Foreign Operations

We had unrepatriated foreign earnings of approximately $ 14.4 million as of December 31, 2021. These earnings are considered permanently reinvested, as it is management's intention to reinvest these foreign earnings in foreign operations. We project sufficient cash flow, or borrowings available under our Senior Secured Credit Facilities in the U.S.; therefore, we do not need to repatriate our remaining foreign earnings to finance U.S. operations at this time. Due to the 2017 Tax Act, there is no U.S. federal tax on cash repatriation from foreign subsidiaries, however, it could be subject to foreign withholding and other taxes.

## COVID-19 Relief

On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act ('CARES Act') was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act contains numerous  tax  provisions  including  changes  to  the  limitation  on  interest  deductions  for  2019  and  2020.  The  CARES  Act  significantly  increases  the allowable interest expense deduction of the Company and results in significantly larger taxable loss for the years ended 2019 and 2020. As a result of the CARES Act, the Company fully utilized all interest expense that was deferred beginning in 2018 with no additional disallowed interest expense in 2020.

## Other

We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We have a number of federal and state income tax years still open for examination as a result of our net operating loss carry-forwards. Accordingly, we are subject to examination for both U.S. federal and some of the state tax returns for the years 2005 to present. For the remaining state, local, and foreign jurisdictions, with some exceptions, we are no longer subject to examination by tax authorities for years before 2018.

## 18. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Operating segments are components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-making group (the 'CODM'). Our CODM consists of the Chief Executive Officer, the President and Chief Operating Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer. Our CODM allocates resources and measures profitability based on our operating segments, which are managed and reviewed separately, as each represents products and services that can be sold separately to our customers. Our segments are monitored by management for performance against our internal forecasts.

We have reported our financial performance based on our segments in both the current and prior periods. Our CODM determined that our operating segments for conducting business are: (i) Games and (ii) FinTech:

- Everi  Games  primarily  provides  gaming  operators  with  gaming  technology  products  and  services,  including:  (i)  gaming  machines,  primarily comprising  Class  II  and  Class  III  slot  machines  placed  under  participation  or  fixed-fee  lease  arrangements  or  sold  to  casino  customers;  (ii) provision and maintenance of the central determinant systems for the VLTs installed in the State of New York and similar technology in certain tribal jurisdictions; and (iii) B2B digital online gaming activities.
- Everi FinTech provides gaming operators with financial technology and entertainment products and services, including: (i) financial access and related  services  supporting  digital,  cashless  and  physical  cash  options  across  mobile,  assisted  and  self-service  channels;  (ii)  loyalty  and marketing software and tools, RegTech software solutions, other information-related products and services, and hardware maintenance services; and (iii) associated casino patron self-service hardware that utilizes our financial access, software and other services.

Corporate overhead expenses have been allocated to the segments either through specific identification or based on a reasonable methodology. In addition, we record depreciation and amortization expenses to the business segments.

Our business is predominantly domestic with no specific regional concentrations and no significant assets in foreign locations.

The following tables present segment information (in thousands):

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Games  Revenue  Gaming operations  $  272,767  $  156,199  $  188,874  Gaming equipment and systems  103,844  44,006  90,919  Gaming other  118  96  3,326  Total revenues  376,729  200,301  283,119  Costs and expenses  Cost of revenues  Gaming operations  21,663  15,192  18,043  Gaming equipment and systems  60,093  25,680  50,826  Gaming other  -  456  3,025  Cost of revenues  81,756  41,328  71,894  Operating expenses  70,150  63,789  61,522  Research and development  26,060  20,060  24,954  Depreciation  53,876  61,566  56,882  Amortization  42,866  59,926  57,491  Total costs and expenses  274,708  246,669  272,743  Operating income (loss)  $  102,021  $  (46,368)  $  10,376  (1)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  FinTech  Revenues  Financial access services  $  178,019  $  112,035  $  164,741  Software and other  67,797  47,041  47,502  Hardware  37,840  24,297  37,865  Total revenues  283,656  183,373  250,108  Costs and expenses  Cost of revenues  Financial access services  6,779  6,755  14,236  Software and other  4,129  3,029  3,964  Hardware  22,785  14,724  22,292  Cost of revenues  33,693  24,508  40,492  Operating expenses  118,750  88,757  100,662  Research and development  12,991  7,883  7,551  Depreciation  7,611  5,893  6,316  Amortization  15,121  15,379  11,446  Total costs and expenses  188,166  142,420  166,467  Operating income  $  95,490  $  40,953  $  83,641  (1)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  2019  Total Games and FinTech  Total revenues  $  660,385  $  383,674  $  533,227  Costs and expenses  Cost of revenues  115,449  65,836  112,386  Operating expenses  188,900  152,546  162,184  Research and development  39,051  27,943  32,505  Depreciation  61,487  67,459  63,198  Amortization  57,987  75,305  68,937  Total costs and expenses  462,874  389,089  439,210  Operating income (loss)  $  197,511  $  (5,415)  $  94,017  (1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Exclusive of depreciation and amortization.

| At December 31,  2021  2020  Total assets  Games  $  913,880  $  811,523  FinTech  721,770  665,656  Total assets  $  1,635,650  $  1,477,179   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash spent for capital expenditures totaled $ 104.7 million, of which $81.7 million and $23.0 million was related to our Games and FinTech businesses, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, cash spent for capital expenditures totaled $ 76.4 million, of which $62.6 million and $13.8 million, was related to our Games and FinTech businesses, respectively.

Major customers. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, no single customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenues. Our five largest customers accounted for approximately 16%, 16%, and 14% of our total revenue in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.

## 19. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On February 7, 2022, Everi Holdings Inc. (the 'Company') announced that it has entered into an agreement to acquire the stock of ecash Holdings Pty Limited and wholly-owned subsidiaries, Global Payment Technologies Australia Pty Limited, and ACN 121 187 068 Pty Limited (collectively 'ecash'), a privately owned, Australia-based developer and provider of innovative cash handling and financial payment solutions for the broader gaming industry in Australia, Asia, Europe, and the United States.

The anticipated acquisition of ecash's products and services represent a strategic extension of Everi's current suite of financial technology solutions within the  FinTech  segment.  The  acquisition  will  provide  Everi  with  a  complementary  portfolio  of  new  customer  locations  throughout  Australia,  the  United States, and other geographies. The closing of the transaction, subject to customary conditions, is expected to occur within 60 days.

Under the terms of the stock purchase agreement, the Company will make guaranteed payments totaling AUD$ 33 million, with an initial payment at the time of closing of AUD$20 million (approximately US$14 million) with the remaining payments to be made on each of the first and second anniversaries in 2023 and 2024, respectively, following the date of closing. Subject to achieving certain growth targets, there will be an additional contingent payment of up to AUD$10 million, which could increase the total consideration to AUD$ 43 million. Everi expects to fund the total purchase price from existing cash on hand and future cash flow.

## Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

## Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company's management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as December 31, 2021. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective such that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.

## Management's Report of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

The Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under  the  Exchange  Act.  The  Company's  internal  control  over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ('GAAP'). Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance  with  policies  or  procedures  may  deteriorate.  Management  assessed  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of December 31, 2021, utilizing the criteria described in the 'Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)' issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of  key  financial  reporting  controls,  process  documentation,  accounting  policies,  and  our  overall  control  environment.  Based  on  this  assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2021.

Our independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as stated in the firm's attestation report, which is included on the following page.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during  the  fourth  quarter  ended  December  31,  2021  that  has  materially  affected,  or  is  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  our  internal  control  over financial reporting.

## Item 9B.  Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Shareholders and Board of Directors Everi Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Las Vegas, Nevada

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Everi Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the 'Company's') internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria  established  in  Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria'). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

Las Vegas, Nevada March 1, 2022

## Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information regarding our directors, executive officers, and certain corporate governance related matters including our Code of Business Conduct, Standards and Ethics is contained under the headings 'Proposal 1,' 'Executive Officers,' and 'Board and Corporate Governance Matters,' and to the extent applicable, 'Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports' in the Company's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders (the '2022 Proxy Statement') is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

The information regarding director compensation and executive officer compensation contained under the headings 'Board and Corporate Governance Matters - Director Compensation' and 'Executive Compensation,' respectively, in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information regarding share ownership contained under the heading 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management' in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The  information  regarding  director  independence  and  related  party  transactions  under  the  headings  'Board  and  Corporate  Governance  Matters  Director Independence' and 'Transactions with Related Persons,' respectively, in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

The information regarding audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees, all other fees, and the Audit Committee's policies and procedures on pre-approval of audit and permissible non-audit services of independent auditors contained under the heading 'Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm' in the 2022 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

## PART III

## PART IV

## Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

## (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K:

## 1. Financial Statements

| Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Las Vegas, NV; PCAOB ID#243)  54  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive  Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31, 202 1, 2020 and  2019  56  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 1 and 2020  58  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 202 1, 2020 and 2019  59  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'  Equity (Deficit) for the three years ended December 31, 202 1, 2020, and 2019  60  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  61   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted as they are either not required or not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto.

## 3. See Item 15(b)

(b) Exhibits:

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment  No.1 Everi Holdings' Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-123514) filed with the SEC on May 26,  2005).  3.2  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2009).  3.3  Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Everi Holdings (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015).  3.4  Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Everi Holdings  (effective  as  of  August  24,  2015)  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit 3.2 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 14, 2015).  4.1  Indenture (and Form of 5.000% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 attached as Exhibit A thereto), dated as of July 15, 2021,  by  and  among  Everi  Holdings  Inc.,  certain  of  its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries,  as  guarantors,  and  Deutsche  Bank  Trust  Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K,  filed on July 15, 2021).  4.2  Indenture (and Form of 7.50% Senior Note due 2025 attached as Exhibit A thereto), dated as of December 5, 2017, by and  among Everi FinTech, Everi Holdings, certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries, as guarantors, and Deutsche Bank Trust  Company Americas, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on December 5, 2017).   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  4.3  First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2019, by and among Everi FinTech, Everi Holdings, certain of its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries,  as  guarantors,  and  Deutsche  Bank  Trust  Company  Americas,  as  trustee  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 1.2 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2019).  4.4  Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with  the SEC on March 2, 2020).  10.1  Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated February 2, 2021, among Everi Payments Inc., as borrower, Everi Holdings Inc.,  as parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021 ).  10.2  Employment Agreement with Kate C. Lowenhar-Fisher, dated March 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2021).  10.3  Credit Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2021, among the Company, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as  administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and a letter of credit issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 3, 2021).  10.4  Security Agreement, dated August 3, 2021, among the Company, as a guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and  Jefferies Finance LLC, as collateral agent, related to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to  the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021).  10.5  Guaranty, dated August 3, 2021, among the Company, as a guarantor, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Jefferies  Finance  LLC,  as  collateral  agent,  related  to  the  Credit  Agreement  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.3  to  the  Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021).  10.6  Credit Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2017, among Everi FinTech, Everi Holdings, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies  Finance LLC, as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender, letter of credit issuer, sole lead arranger and  sole book manager (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the  SEC on May 9, 2017).  10.7  Security  Agreement,  dated  as  of  May  9,  2017,  among  Everi  FinTech,  Everi  Holdings,  as  a  guarantor,  the  subsidiary  guarantors party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as collateral agent, related to the Credit Agreement (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017).  10.8  Guaranty, dated May 9, 2017, by Everi Holdings, as a guarantor, and the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, in favor of the  lenders party from time to time to the Credit Agreement and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017).  10.9  First  Amendment  to  Credit  Agreement,  dated  November  13,  2017,  among  Everi  FinTech,  Everi  Holdings,  the  subsidiary  guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 13, 2017).  10.10  American State Bank Sponsorship Agreement, dated February 11, 2011, between Everi FinTech and American State Bank  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March  14, 2011).  †10.11  Everi Holdings 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of  Everi FinTech filed with the SEC on March 10, 2005).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  †10.12  Form of Stock Option Award for Performance Price Vesting under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014).  †10.13  Form of Stock Option Award for Cliff Vesting under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to  Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014).  †10.14  Form of Stock Option Award for Non-Employee Directors under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.3 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014).  †10.15  Form of Stock Option Award for Executives under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to  Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014).  †10.16  Form of Stock Option Award for Employees under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to  Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2014).  †10.17  Everi  Holdings  Amended  and  Restated  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  99.1  to  Everi  Holdings' Form S-8 filed with the SEC on May  19, 2021).  †10.18  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Everi  Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2016).  †10.19  Form of Stock Option Award (Performance-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Non-Employee Directors under the 2014  Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on May 10, 2016).  †10.20  Form of Stock Option Award (Performance-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Executives under the Equity Incentive  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May  10, 2016).  †10.21  Form  of  Stock  Option  Award  (Time-Based)  (Double-Trigger  Acceleration)  for  Non-Employee  Directors  under  the  Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC  on May 10, 2016).  †10.22  Form  of  Stock  Option  Award  (Time-Based)  (Double-Trigger  Acceleration)  for  Executives  under  the  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10,  2016).  †10.23  Form  of  Stock  Option  Award  (Time-Based)  (Double-Trigger  Acceleration)  for  Employees  under  the  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10,  2016).  †10.24  Everi Holdings 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on  Form S-8 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2015).  †10.25  Amendment to the Everi Holdings 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Everi Holdings'  Current Report on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on March 16, 2015).  †10.26  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Everi  Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2016).  †10.27  Form of Stock Option Award (Performance-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Non-Employee Directors under the 2012  Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on May 10, 2016).   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  †10.28  Form  of  Stock  Option  Award  (Performance-Based)  (Double-Trigger  Acceleration)  for  Executives  under  the  2012  Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC  on May 10, 2016).  †10.29  Form of Stock Option Award (Time-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Non-Employee Directors under the 2012 Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the  SEC on May 10, 2016).  †10.30  Form of Stock Option Award (Time-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Executives under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10,  2016).  †10.31  Form of Stock Option Award (Time-Based) (Double-Trigger Acceleration) for Employees under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10,  2016).  †10.32  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Michael Rumbolz (effective May 5, 2017) (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.4 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017).  †10.33  Notice of Grant of Stock Option with Michael Rumbolz, dated February 13, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016).  †10.34  Form of Notice of Stock Option Award and Stock Option Award Agreement for Michael Rumbolz (effective August 30, 2010)  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September  2, 2010).  10.35  Second  Amendment  to  Credit  Agreement,  dated  May  17,  2018,  among  Everi  FinTech,  Everi  Holdings,  the  subsidiary  guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2018).  †10.36  First  Amendment  to  Amended  and  Restated  Employment  Agreement  with  Michael  Rumbolz  (effective  February  1,  2019)  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March  12, 2019).  †10.37  Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Time-Based) under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan for Michael Rumbolz (effective  February 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with  the SEC on March 12, 2019).  †10.38  Employment Agreement with Dean A. Ehrlich (effective January 1, 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi  Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 9, 2018).  †10.39  Form  of  Deferred  Restricted  Stock  Units  Agreement  for  Non-Employee  Directors  under  the  2012  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August  7, 2018).  †10.40  Form of Notice of Grant of Deferred Restricted Stock Units for the Non-Employee Directors under the 2012 Equity Incentive  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on  August 7, 2018).  †10.41  Form  of  Deferred  Restricted  Stock  Units  Agreement  for  Non-Employee  Directors  under  the  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August  7, 2018).  †10.42  Form of Notice of Grant of Deferred Restricted Stock Units Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 2014 Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the  SEC on August 7, 2018).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  †10.43  Form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to  Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 7, 2018).  †10.44  Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) for Executives under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August  7, 2018).  †10.45  Form  of  Notice  of  Grant  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  (Time-Based)  under  the  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 7, 2018).  †10.46  Form  of  Notice  of  Grant  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  (Time-Based)  for  Executives  under  the  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August  7, 2018).  †10.47  Form of Indemnification Agreement between Everi Holdings and each of its executive officers and directors (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2019).  †10.48  Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Performance-Based) for Executives under the Amended and Restated 2014  Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed  with the SEC on August 6, 2019).  10.49  Third  Amendment  to  Credit  Agreement,  dated  December  12,  2019,  among  Everi  FinTech,  Everi  Holdings,  the  subsidiary  guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 1.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 17, 2019).  †10.50  Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated April 21, 2020, among Everi Payments Inc., as borrower, Everi Holdings Inc.,  as parent, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Jefferies Finance LLC, as administrative  agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April  21, 2020).  †10.51  Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated April 21, 2020, among Everi Payments Inc., as borrower, Everi Holdings Inc., as parent,  the  lenders  party  thereto,  and  Jefferies  Finance  LLC,  as  administrative  agent  and  collateral  agent  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Everi Holdings' Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2020).  †10.52  Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Time-Based) for Cliff Vesting under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the  SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.53  Form  of  Notice  of  Grant  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  (Time-Based)  for  Cliff  Vesting  for  Executives  under  the  Amended  and  Restated 2014 Equity Incentive  Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.54  Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Time-Based) for Executives under the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity  Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the  SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.55  Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Michael D. Rumbolz (effective April 1, 2020)  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2,  2020).  †10.56  Notice  of  Grant  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  (Time-Based)  under  the  Amended  and  Restated  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  for  Michael D. Rumbolz (effective April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report  on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  †10.57  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Randy L. Taylor (effective April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.8 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.58  Notice  of  Grant  of  Restricted  Stock  Units  (Time-Based)  under  the  Amended  and  Restated  2014  Equity  Incentive  Plan  for  Randy L. Taylor (effective April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.59  Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with David J. Lucchese (effective April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.12 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.60  First  Amendment  to  Employment  Agreement  with  Dean  A.  Ehrlich  (effective  April  1,  2020)  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit 10.13 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.61  Employment  Agreement  with  Mark  F.  Labay  (effective  April  1,  2020)  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.14  of  Everi  Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.62  Employment Agreement with Darren D.A. Simmons (effective January 1, 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of  Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  †10.63  First Amendment to Employment Agreement with Darren D.A. Simmons (effective April 1, 2020) (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.16 of Everi Holdings' Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 2, 2020).  **+10.64  First  Amendment to Sponsorship Agreement (effective March 11, 2013) between Prosperity Bank, successor by merger to  American State Bank, and Everi FinTech (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report on  Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2021).  **+10.65  Second  Amendment  to  Sponsorship  Agreement  (effective  September  10,  2013)  between  Prosperity  Bank,  successor  by  merger to American State Bank, and Everi Fin Tech (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 of Everi Holdings' Annual  Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2021).  **10.66  Third Amendment to the Sponsorship Agreement (effective October 31, 2014) between Prosperity Bank, successor by merger  to American State Bank, and Everi FinTech  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of Everi Holdings' Annual Report  on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2021).  **+10.67  Amended and Restated Agreement for Processing Services (effective July 1, 2020) by and between Cardtronics USA, as  successor in interest to Columbus Data Services, LLC, and Everi FinTech  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 of  Everi Holdings' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2021).  *†10.68  Executive Chairman Agreement with Michael D. Rumbolz (effective April 1, 2022).  *†10.69  Employment Agreement with Randy L. Taylor (effective April 1, 2022).  *21.1  Subsidiaries of Everi Holdings.  *23.1  Consent of BDO USA, LLP.  *24.1  Power of Attorney (included on signature page).  *31.1  Certification of Michael D. Rumbolz, Chief Executive Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-  14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of  2002.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  *31.2  Certification of Mark F. Labay, Chief Financial Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of  the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  **32.1  Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Everi Holdings in accordance with 18 U.S.C. §1350,  as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  *101.INS  XBRL Instance Document - this instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are  embedded within the Inline XBRL document.  *101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  *101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  *101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  *101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  *101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  *104  The cover page from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in Inline  XBRL (included as Exhibit 101).   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

† Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.

+ Portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

## Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary.

None.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

| Dated: March 1, 2022  EVERI HOLDINGS INC.  By:  /s/ TODD A. VALLI  Todd A. Valli Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael D. Rumbolz, Mark F. Labay, and Todd A. Valli and each of them, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for  him  in  any  and  all  capacities,  to  sign  any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed  below  by  the  following  persons  on  behalf  of  the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ MICHAEL D. RUMBOLZ  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  March 1, 2022  Michael D. Rumbolz  (Principal Executive Officer) and Director  /s/ RANDY L. TAYLOR  President and Chief Operating Officer  March 1, 2022  Randy L. Taylor  (Principal Operating Officer)  /s/ MARK F. LABAY  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  March 1, 2022  Mark F. Labay  (Principal Financial Officer) and Treasurer  /s/ TODD A. VALLI  Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  March 1, 2022  Todd A. Valli  (Principal Accounting Officer)  /s/ RONALD V. CONGEMI  Lead Independent Director  March 1, 2022  Ronald V. Congemi  /s/ GEOFFREY P. JUDGE  Director  March 1, 2022  Geoffrey P. Judge  /s/ EILEEN F. RANEY  Director  March 1, 2022  Eileen F. Raney  /s/ LINSTER W. FOX  Director  March 1, 2022  Linster W. Fox  /s/ MAUREEN T. MULLARKEY  Director  March 1, 2022  Maureen T. Mullarkey  /s/ ATUL BALI  Director  March 1, 2022  Atul Bali  /s/ SECIL TABLI WATSON  Director  March 1, 2022  Secil Tabli Watson  /s/ PAUL FINCH  Director  March 1, 2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Paul Finch