## Ezagoo Ltd

CIK:

1752372

| IRS No.:

301077936

| State of Incorp.:

NV | Fiscal Year End: 1231

Type:

10-K

| Act:

34

| File No.:

333-228681 | Film No.:

23997588

SIC:

7310 Advertising

## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## FORM 10-K

Annual report pursuant to section 13 and 15(d)

Filing Date:

2023-06-07 | Period of Report:

2022-12-31

SEC Accession No. 0001493152-23-020338

(HTML Version on secdatabase.com)

## FILER

Mailing Address YIJIAREN BUSINESS HOTEL NO.168, TONG ZI PO XI LU, YUELE DISTRICT CHANGSHA, HUNAN F4 410205

Business Address YIJIAREN BUSINESS HOTEL NO.168, TONG ZI PO XI LU, YUELE DISTRICT CHANGSHA, HUNAN F4 410205 8613975109168

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission File Number 000-1752372

## EZAGOO LIMITED

(Exact name of registrant issuer as specified in its charter)

Nevada

30-1077936

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

Rm 205, 2/F, Building 17, Yard 1, Li Ze Road, Feng Tai District, Beijing 100073, China

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

Registrant's phone number, including area code (+86) 139 751 09168

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes

☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes ☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding twelve months (or shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer' and 'smaller reporting company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☒

Smaller reporting company ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

## APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has fled all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.

Yes ☐

No ☒

## APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:

The aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 5, 2023, was approximately $27.5 million.

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

Class

Common Stock, $.0001 par value

## Outstanding at June 5, 2023

119,956,826

Ezagoo Limited FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 Index

| Page #  PART I  Item 1.  Business  4  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

Yes ☐

No ☒

| Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  21  Item 2.  Properties  21  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  21  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  21  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  22  Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  23  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  23  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  28  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  28  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures  28  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedure  28  Item 9B.  Other Information  29  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  30  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  32  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  34  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  34  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  35  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  36  SIGNATURES  37  2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as 'anticipate,' 'expect,' 'intend,' 'plan,' 'believe,' 'foresee,' 'estimate' and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following:

- The availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements;
- Economic, competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets;
- Changes or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry;
- Actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities;
- Competition in our industry;
- The loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business;
- Changes in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans;
- The availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and

- Other risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC.

This report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

## Use of Defined Terms

Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to:

- The 'Company,' 'we,' 'us,' or 'our,' 'Ezagoo' are references to Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada corporation.
- 'Common Stock' refers to the common stock, par value $.0001, of the Company;
- 'U.S. dollar,' '$' and 'US$' refer to the legal currency of the United States;
- 'Securities Act' refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and
- 'Exchange Act' refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

3

## PART I

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## Business Overview

## Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada corporation ('the Company') was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018.

Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited ('BEZL') is the Company through which we operate, and which shares our business plan to provide video advertising on the mobile application named 'Xindian' that is developed by the Company. Prior to December 31, 2016, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited ('BEZL') was initially a startup stage company engaged in e-commerce, offering electronics products for sale such as, but not limited to, mobile phones, tablets and related accessories. Due to continued losses from their e-commerce business activities, and high competition in the industry, BEZL discontinued all e-commerce business activities and sold off any remaining inventories relating to such e-commerce activities. Following December 31, 2016, the Company adopted its current business plan.

According to the announcement of &lt;Approval of Changsha Municipal People's Government on establishing Changsha Bus Group Co., LTD.&gt; that was issued by the Changsha government on November 17, 2020, 'In order to accelerate the development of the Changsha City, the local government decided to set up the Changsha Public Transportation Group Ltd, which is holds Baojun Bus Co., Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co.' These mentioned Bus companies are used to be our vendors, our contracts with Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co., were expired on February 9, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, and we were not renewed as they were the first batch of bus companies to be merged by the Changsha government. The contract with Baojun Bus Co., was expired on December 31, 2020 but we continued the bus rent on a monthly basis until December 28, 2021. The Changsha government completed the merge and acquisition at the end of 2021, which makes it very difficult for us to continue to operate in this area.

As of January 1, 2022, the Company's revenue will mainly be generated revenue from Xindian application platform, the Company operates within the Chinese digital advertising network through advertisements displayed on the mobile application named 'Xindian' that was launched on October 2020. And during September 2022, the Company sells health and beauty products on two WeChat Applications, one is 'Zhi Cheng Zhen Xuan' ( 智诚甄选 , hereinafter 'ZCZX') and the other is 'LSM' ( 伊美幸 ).

The Xindian platform is relying on strong R&amp;D background to build a technology based on block chain, fusion merchants and user needs in the integration of social short video platform, that provides many functions, such as self-service advertising, sharing and creating

short video, making money in space time, selling goods online and shopping, social networking. We aim to build an innovative service platform for industrial clusters. Furthermore, we focus on medical beauty and anti-aging scale that differentiate us from another short video platform. However, the number of Xindian users and the promotion of it is not higher and attractive than the competitor applications (Tik Tok, RED, TaoBao, JD, Pinduoduo, etc.). On September 2022, we decided to subscribe two WeChat Applications from the Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) for e-commerce trading to sell the health and beauty products.

In 2022, the world has entered its third year with the COVID-19 epidemic. Under the repeated impact of the epidemic, the global health awareness is increasing, and consumers are paying more and more attention to whether the daily diet is healthy. According to the 2022 National Health Insight report released by Doctor Dingxiang, half of Chinese people say their eating habits have become healthier since the pandemic. With the improvement of Chinese residents' living standards, health has become the consensus of more and more people. Currently, the health industry in China has broken through RMB1,000,000,000, and the market scale is expanding steadily, and China is constantly encouraging the development of the health industry.

Health food is a kind of food, with general food common, its raw materials are mainly from natural animals and plants, through advanced production technology, it contains a wealth of effective ingredients to play the role to the maximum, so as to regulate human function, mainly including high-quality agricultural products, health food, etc. There are three main categories of healthy foods, namely cereals, dried fruits and other healthy foods. Cereals usually refer to unprocessed cereals or foods made from processed whole grains. Cereals usually include whole grain meal replacements, multigrains, breakfast cereals, etc.

At present, China's health food focuses on immune regulation, anti-aging, anti-fatigue and other fields, and the future development trend is that the product function distribution will gradually be diverged, and the health food industry will become rational. Traditional Chinese medicine health food, health food for the aged, occupational health food, insect health food, Marine health food, the third-generation health food and so on are the future development direction of health food in China.

## Marketing Plan

We expect to increase our marketing efforts through our President's personal networks and industry association channels which have not, at this point in time, been fully identified. Additionally, we intend to bolster our professional reputation and image by showcasing our knowledge and industry expertise via marketing campaigns through various forms of media. We have undefined plans to initially market our services through webinars, the creation of a wide variety of white papers, newsletters, books, and other information offerings. Furthermore, we plan to begin a social media campaign utilizing blogs, twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Weibo, WeChat etc. A targeted campaign is intended to be made to focus on start-ups and small to mid-size companies in various industries.

## Competition

We compete primarily with several different groups of competitors: Online advertising companies that operate digital advertising, short video, E-commerce, such as Tik Tok, RED, TaoBao, JD, Pinduoduo, etc.

The digital advertising industry our company operates in is extremely competitive and there are limited barriers to entry, thus new competitors frequently enter the market. We believe that existing and new competitors will continue to improve their services and introduce new services with competitive pricing and performance characteristics. In periods of reduced demand for our services, we can either choose to maintain market share by reducing our prices to attract new customers, or maintain prices, which would likely reduce market share. Sales and overall profitability could be reduced in either case.

## Future Plans

In accordance with the overall Amiba transformation strategy of the Company in 2022, we have been further upgraded in the development direction of the project, with one Xindian Platform, two Wechat applications, ZCZX and LSM, and three directions, Xin Beauty, Xin Food, Xin Farm, to build a health industry chain. It is our goal to optimize the efficiency of city services and connect to residents by creating the online advertising network in China. We aim to be a promoter and participator of a 'health beauty' concept. At present, we solely focus on Changsha city, but in the future, we plan to allocate funds to integrate advertisement, Xindian platform and new communication technology regionally. And we expect to reach more than 500 million users on our platform and expand to 300 cities throughout Mainland China in the next three to five years.

However, without an appropriate budget and intensive research, plans referring to development, expansion, potential unidentified acquisitions and concrete timescales cannot be determined at present.

## Government regulation

We are subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, which may include business licensing requirements, income taxes and payroll taxes. In general, the development and operation of our business is not subject to special regulatory and/or supervisory requirements.

## Employees

As of December 31, 2022, we have 46 employees comprised of our President Xiaohao Tan and Chief Financial Officer Xin Yang, all of which were on a full-time basis. All of our employees are based in the cities of Beijing and Changsha, where our operations are located.

As required by PRC regulations, we participate in various government statutory employee benefit plans, including social insurance funds, namely a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance plan, an unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan, a maternity insurance plan and a housing provident fund. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time.

We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced any major labor disputes.

## Available Information

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC'). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on our corporate website (http://www.ezagoo.show/ as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The foregoing website addresses are provided as inactive textual references only. We periodically provide other information for investors on our corporate website. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance and information on corporate governance. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not part of this report and is not incorporated by reference into this filing.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

You should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could be decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

## COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and our financial results.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was discovered in China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 disease a 'Public Health Emergency of International Concern.' On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a 'pandemic.' The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could materially and adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the operations and financial position of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, if the target company's personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner, or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for business combinations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to

consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected.

5

In addition, our ability to consummate a business combination may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

COVID-19 could negatively affect our internal controls over financial reporting as a portion of our workforce is required to work from home and therefore new processes, procedures, and controls could be required to respond to changes in our business environment. Further, should any key employees become ill from COVID-19 and unable to work, the attention of the management team and resources could be diverted.

The potential effects of COVID-19 could also heighten the risks we face related to each of the risk factors disclosed below. As COVID-19 and its impacts are unprecedented and continuously evolving, the potential impacts to these risk factors remain uncertain. As a result, COVID-19 may also materially adversely affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not currently known to us or that we do not currently consider may present significant risks to our operations.

## Risks Related to our Business

We rely entirely on the operations of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited ('BEZL'). Any successes or failures of BEZL will directly impact our financial condition and may cause your investment to be either positively or negatively impacted.

At present, we share the same business plan as, and rely entirely upon, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited ('BEZL'). Any successes or failures of BEZL will directly impact our financial condition and may cause your investment to be either positively or negatively impacted. BEZL is considered a variable interest entity through which we operate exclusively at this time and we have been deemed to currently be a direct beneficiary of BEZL. As such, in the event that the business of operations of BEZL were to fail, then our own business would, in turn, fail as well. We would be forced to either drastically alter our business strategy, or we would likely cease operations entirely, which could result in the whole or partial loss of any investments made in the Company.

## Competition from both large, established industry participants and new market entrants may negatively affect our current and future results of operations.

We face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world and in China specifically, including large multinational advertising companies. Some established competitors have greater resources and better accessibility than us, therefore they are able to adapt quicker to changes in customer requirements and reach customers easier from all over the globe. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively, it could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## If we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our solution or our relationships with our customers may suffer, and our operating results may be negatively affected.

We rely heavily on information technology, or IT, systems to manage critical functions such as advertising &amp; e-commerce campaign management and operations, data storage and retrieval, revenue recognition, budgeting, forecasting, financial reporting and other administrative functions. To manage our growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our infrastructure, including our IT, financial and administrative systems and controls. We must also continue to manage our employees, operations, finances, research and development and capital investments efficiently. Our productivity and the quality of our solution may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees, particularly our sales and account management personnel, quickly and effectively and if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our executive, engineering, finance, human resources, legal, marketing, sales, operations and customer support teams. If we continue our rapid growth, we will incur additional expenses, and our growth may continue to place a strain on our resources, infrastructure and ability to maintain the quality of our solution. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving growth challenges, and if the current and future members of our management team do not effectively scale with our growth, the quality of our solution may suffer and our corporate culture may be harmed. Failure to manage our future growth effectively could cause our business to suffer, which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

We may require additional capital to support growth, and such capital might not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. This could hamper our growth and adversely affect our business.

We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds, beyond those generated by this offering, to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our platform, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in public or private equity, equity-linked or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, including the ability to pay dividends. This may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business could be adversely affected.

6

Wemaynot be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors because competition in our industry is intense, and our competitors may offer solutions that are perceived by our customers to be more attractive than ours. These factors could result in declining revenue, or inability to grow our business.

Competition for our advertisers' advertising budgets is intense. We also expect competition to increase as the barriers to enter our market are low. Increased competition may force us to charge less for our solution, or offer pricing models that are less attractive to us and decrease our margins. Our principal competitors include companies that offer demand-side platforms that allow advertisers to purchase inventory directly from advertising exchanges or other third parties and manage their own consumer data, traditional advertising networks and advertising agencies themselves.

We also rely predominately on advertising agencies to purchase our solution on behalf of advertisers, and certain of those agencies or agency holding companies are creating competitive solutions, referred to as agency trading desks. If these agency trading desks are successful in leveraging their relationships with the advertisers we may be unable to compete even if our solution is more effective. Many agencies that we work with are also owned by large agency holding companies. For various reasons related to the agencies' own priorities or those of their holding companies, they may not recommend our solution, even though it may be more effective, and we may not have the opportunity to demonstrate our value to advertisers.

Many current and potential competitors have competitive advantages relative to us, such as longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger client bases, greater access to advertising inventory on premium websites and significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing resources. Increased competition may result in reduced pricing for our solution, longer sales cycles or a decrease of our market share, any of which could negatively affect our revenue and future operating results and our ability to grow our business.

We have been dependent on short video and digital display advertising. A decrease in the use of display advertising, or our inability to further penetrate display, mobile, social and video advertising channels would harm our business, growth prospects, operating results and financial condition.

Historically, our customers have predominantly used our solution for short video display advertising, and the substantial majority of our revenue is derived from advertisers, that use our solution for short video display advertising. We expect that digital display advertising will continue to be a significant channel used by our customers. Recently, the overall demand for our display advertising growth has been decline. In addition, our failure to achieve market acceptance of our solution for mobile, social and video advertising would harm our growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

We have historically relied, and expect to continue to rely, on our existing customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of any of existing customers could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We expect that we will continue to depend upon our existing customers for a significant portion of our revenue for the foreseeable future. As a result, if we fail to successfully attract or retain new or existing customers or if existing customers run fewer advertisement and e-commerce order campaigns with us, defer or cancel their insertion orders, or terminate their relationship with us altogether, whether through the actions of their agency representatives or otherwise, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.

## Our sales and marketing efforts require significant investment, which may not yield returns in the foreseeable future, if at all.

We have invested significant resources in our research and development, sales and marketing teams to educate potential and prospective advertisers about the value of our solution. We often spend substantial time and resources explaining how our solution can optimize advertising campaigns in real time, and responding to requests for proposals from potential advertisers, including developing material specific to the needs of such potential advertisers. Our business depends in part upon advertisers' confidence that represent those advertisers, that our use of real-time advertising exchanges to purchase inventory is superior to other methods of purchasing digital display advertising. We may not be successful in attracting new advertisers despite our investment in our business development, sales and marketing organizations.

## If we do not effectively grow and train our sales team, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers, and our business would be adversely affected.

We continue to be substantially dependent on our sales team to obtain new customers and to drive sales from our existing customers. We believe that there is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training, integrating and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. Our current sales team is mainly trained and experienced in selling to advertising and e-commerce. If more of our business shifts to direct relationships with brand advertisers, we may not have an adequately trained sales team to support that shift and to sell products effectively to those advertisers. New hires require significant training and it may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. In addition, as we continue to grow rapidly, a large percentage of our sales team will be new to the Company and our solution. If we are unable to hire and train sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or the sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business would be adversely affected.

7

## Risks Related to Doing Business in China

## Certain judgments obtained against us by our officers and directors may not be enforceable

We are a Nevada corporation but most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all our operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, all our officers and directors are the nationals and residents of a country other than the United States. Almost all of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon them. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, since he or she is not a resident in the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC or other jurisdictions would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.

## Regulations Relating to M&amp;A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of Chinese companies by foreign investors, which could make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China.

On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, adopted the Regulations on Mergers of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M&amp;A Rules, which became effective on September 8, 2006 and was amended on June 22, 2009. Foreign investors shall comply with the M&amp;A Rules when they purchase equity interests of a domestic company or subscribe the increased capital of a domestic company, thus changing the nature of the domestic company into a foreign-invested enterprise; or when the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC, purchase the assets of a domestic company and operate the assets; or when the foreign investors purchase the asset of a domestic company, establish a foreigninvested enterprise by injecting such assets and operate the assets. The M&amp;A Rules purport, among other things, to require offshore special purpose vehicles formed for overseas listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC companies or individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange.

The M&amp;A Rules discussed in the risk factor and related regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established additional procedures and requirements that could make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex. For example, the M&amp;A Rules require that MOFCOM be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise, if (i) any important industry is concerned, (ii) such transaction involves factors that have or may have impact on the national economic security, or (iii) such transaction will lead to a change in control of a domestic

enterprise which holds a famous trademark or PRC time-honored brand, (iv) or in circumstances where overseas companies established or controlled by PRC enterprises or residents acquire affiliated domestic companies. Mergers, acquisitions or contractual arrangements that allow one market player to take control of or to exert decisive impact on another market player must also be notified in advance to the MOFCOM when the threshold under the Provisions on Thresholds for Prior Notification of Concentrations of Undertakings issued by the State Council in August 2008 is triggered.

In addition, the security review rules issued by the MOFCOM that became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise 'national defense and security' concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises that raise 'national security' concerns are subject to strict review by the MOFCOM, and the rules prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual control arrangement. Furthermore, according to the security review, foreign investments that would result in acquiring the actual control of assets in certain key sectors, such as critical agricultural products, energy and resources, equipment manufacturing, infrastructure, transport, cultural products and services, information technology, Internet products and services, financial services and technology sectors, are required to obtain approval from designated governmental authorities in advance.

In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the abovementioned regulations and other relevant rules to complete such transactions, if required, could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the MOFCOM or its local counterparts may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions. It is unclear whether our business would be deemed to be in an industry that raises 'national defense and security' or 'national security' concerns. However, the MOFCOM or other government agencies may publish explanations in the future determining that our business is in an industry subject to the security review, in which case our future acquisitions in the PRC, including those by way of entering into contractual control arrangements with target entities, may be closely scrutinized or prohibited. Our ability to expand our business or maintain or expand our market share through future acquisitions would as such be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, according to the M&amp;A Rules, if a PRC entity or individual plans to merge or acquire its related PRC entity through an overseas company legitimately incorporated or controlled by such entity or individual, such a merger and acquisition will be subject to examination and approval by the MOFCOM. There is a possibility that the PRC regulators may promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain the approval of the MOFCOM or other PRC governmental authorities for our completed or ongoing mergers and acquisitions. There is no assurance that, if we plan to make an acquisition, we can obtain such approval from the MOFCOM or any other relevant PRC governmental authorities for our mergers and acquisitions, and if we fail to obtain those approvals, we may be required to suspend our acquisition and be subject to penalties. Any uncertainties regarding such approval requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and corporate structure.

8

## China's political climate and economic conditions, as well as changes in government policies, laws and regulations which may be quick with little advance notice, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject, to a significant extent, to economic, political and legal developments in China. For example, as a result of recent proposed changes in the cybersecurity regulations in China that would require certain Chinese technology firms to undergo a cybersecurity review before being allowed to list on foreign exchanges, this may have the effect of further narrowing the list of potential businesses in China's consumer, technology and mobility sectors that we intend to focus on for our business combination or the ability of the combined entity to list in the United States.

China's economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the amount of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth in the past two to three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. Demand for target services and products depends, in large part, on economic conditions in China. Any slowdown in China's economic growth may cause our potential customers to delay or cancel their plans to purchase our services and products, which in turn could reduce our net revenues.

Although China's economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy since the late 1970s, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control over China's economic growth through allocating resources, controlling the incurrence and payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Changes in any of these policies, laws and regulations may be quick with little advance notice and could adversely affect the economy in China and could have a material adverse effect on our business and the value of our common stock.

The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage foreign investment and sustainable economic growth and to guide the allocation of financial and other resources. However, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not repeal or alter these measures or introduce new measures that will have a negative effect on us, or more specifically, we cannot assure you that the PRC government will not initiate possible governmental actions or scrutiny to us, which could substantially affect our operation and the value of our common stock may depreciate quickly. China's social and political conditions may change and become unstable. Any sudden changes to China's political system or the occurrence of widespread social unrest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

## Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice.

We conduct substantially all of our business through our subsidiaries in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. Our PRC subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws and regulations applicable to wholly foreign-owned enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on statutes. Prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.

Since 1979, PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. Since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory provisions and contractual terms, it may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy. These uncertainties may affect our judgment on the relevance of legal requirements and our ability to enforce our contractual rights or tort claims. In addition, these regulatory uncertainties may be exploited through unmerited or frivolous legal actions or threats in attempts to extract payments or benefits from us.

In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may change quickly with little advance notice or have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to enhance its enforcement against illegal activities in the securities markets and promote the high-quality development of capital markets, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over Chinese companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the Chinese securities laws. Since this document is relatively new, uncertainties exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation-making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on companies like us. It is especially difficult for us to accurately predict the potential impact on us of new legal requirements in mainland China because the Chinese legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior court decisions under the civil law system may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.

Such uncertainties, including any inability to enforce our contracts, together with any development or interpretation of PRC law that is adverse to us, could materially and adversely affect our business and operations. Furthermore, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or other more developed countries. We cannot predict the effect of future developments in the PRC legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us and our investors.

The Chinese government may intervene or influence the operation of our PRC subsidiaries and exercise significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of their business and may intervene in or influence their operations at any time, or may exert more control over securities offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in operations of our PRC subsidiaries and/or the value of our common stock.

The Chinese government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to securities regulation, data protection, cybersecurity and mergers and acquisitions and other matters. The central or local

governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations.

Government actions in the future could significantly affect economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to materially change our operating activities or divest ourselves of any interests we hold in Chinese assets. Our business may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the areas in which we operate. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. Our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to our business or industry.

Given recent statements by the Chinese government indicating an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, any such action could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems, will be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-based overseas listed companies. As of the date of this report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from PRC government authorities in connection with the Opinions.

On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress of China, or the SCNPC, promulgated the Data Security Law, which took effect in September 2021. The PRC Data Security Law imposes data security and privacy obligations on entities and individuals carrying out data activities, and introduces a data classification and hierarchical protection system based on the importance of data in economic and social development, and the degree of harm it will cause to national security, public interests, or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked, illegally acquired or used. The PRC Data Security Law also provides for a national security review procedure for data activities that may affect national security and imposes export restrictions on certain data an information. The law provides for privacy obligations of entities and individuals carrying out data activities, prohibits entities and individuals in China from providing any foreign judicial or law enforcement authority with any data stored in China without approval from the competent PRC authority, and sets forth the legal liabilities of entities and individuals found to be in violation of their data protection obligations, including rectification order, warning, fines of up to RMB10 million, suspension of relevant business, and revocation of business permits or licenses.

In early July 2021, regulatory authorities in China launched cybersecurity investigations with regard to several China-based companies that are listed in the United States. The Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced on July 2 that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company's app be removed from smartphone app stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation on two other Internet platforms, China's Full Truck Alliance of Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq: BZ). On July 24, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly released the Guidelines for Further Easing the Burden of Excessive Homework and Off-campus Tutoring for Students at the Stage of Compulsory Education, pursuant to which foreign investment in such firms via mergers and acquisitions, franchise development, and variable interest entities are banned from that sector.

On July 10, 2021, the CAC released the Cybersecurity Review Measures (Revised Draft for Solicitation of Comments), or the Revised Cybersecurity Measures, pursuant to which operator holding more than one million users/users' (which is to be further specified) individual information shall be subject to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among others, the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data, or a large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously used by foreign governments after going public overseas. The procurement of network products and services, data processing activities and overseas listing should also be subject to cybersecurity review if they concern or potentially pose risks to national security. According to the effective Cybersecurity Review Measures, online platform/website operators of certain industries may be identified as critical information infrastructure operators by the CAC, once they meet standard as stated in the National Cybersecurity Inspection Operation Guide, and such operators may be subject to cybersecurity review. The scope of business operations and financing activities that are subject to the Revised Cybersecurity Measures and the implementation thereof is not yet clear. As of the date of this report, we have not been informed by any PRC governmental authority of any requirement that we file for approval in connection with an offering of our common stock.

On August 17, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, or the Regulations, which took effect on September 1, 2021. The Regulations supplement and specify the provisions on the security of critical information infrastructure as stated in the Cybersecurity Review Measures. The Regulations provide, among others, that protection department of certain industry or sector shall notify the operator of the critical information infrastructure in time after the identification of certain critical information infrastructure.

On August 20, 2021, the SCNPC adopted the Personal Information Security Law, which took effect on November 1, 2021. The Personal Information Protection Law includes the basic rules for personal information processing, the rules for cross-border provision of personal information, the rights of individuals in personal information processing activities, the obligations of personal information processors, and the legal responsibilities for illegal collection, processing, and use of personal information. As the first systematic and comprehensive law specifically for the protection of personal information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection Law provides, among others, that (i) an individual's consent shall be obtained to use sensitive personal information, such as biometric characteristics and individual location tracking, (ii) personal information operators using sensitive personal information shall notify individuals of the necessity of such use and impact on the individual's rights, and (iii) where personal information operators reject an individual's request to exercise his or her rights, the individual may file a lawsuit with a People's Court.

On December 28, 2021, the CAC, NDRC, and other regulatory agencies jointly issued the final version of the Revised Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Measures, which took effect and replace the previously issued Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review on February 15, 2022. Under the Revised Review Measures, an 'online platform operator' in possession of personal data of more than one million users must apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online platform operators (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the 'Operators') carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator who controls more than one million users' personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country.

With regard to the current effective data security management regulations, we don't believe that we are required to conduct data security review for listing overseas. However, according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment), as an overseas listed company, we will be required to conduct an annual data security review and to comply with the relevant reporting obligations. We have been closely monitoring the development in the regulatory landscape in China, particularly regarding the requirement of approvals, including on a retrospective basis, from the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC authorities with respect to this offering, as well as regarding any annual data security review or other procedures that may be imposed on us. If any approval, review or other procedure is in fact required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such review or other procedure timely or at all. For any approval that we may be able to obtain, it could nevertheless be revoked and the terms of its issuance may impose restrictions on our operations and offerings relating to our securities. The regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations, among other things.

Given that the above referenced laws, regulations and policies were recently promulgated or publicly released, their interpretation, application and enforcement are subject to substantial uncertainties.

Recent regulatory developments in China, including greater oversight and control by the CAC over data security, may subject us to additional regulatory review and any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.

Recent statements by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investments in China based issuers. The PRC government recently initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, among other things, including adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. The PRC government is increasingly focused on data security, recently launching cybersecurity review against a number of mobile apps operated by several U.S.-listed Chinese companies and prohibiting these apps from registering new users during the review period. We are subject to various risks and costs related to the collection, use, sharing, retention, security, and transfer of confidential and private information, such as personal information and other data. Such covered data is wide ranging and relates to our investors, employees, contractors and other third parties. The relevant PRC laws apply not only to third-party transactions,

but also to transfers of information between Ezagoo Nevada, offshore subsidiaries, our PRC subsidiaries, and other parties with which we have commercial relations.

The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to privacy and data security is evolving. The PRC Cybersecurity Law, which was promulgated on November 7, 2016 and became effective on June 1, 2017, provides that personal information and important data collected and generated by operators of critical information infrastructure in the course of their operations in the PRC should be stored in the PRC, and the law imposes heightened regulation and additional security obligations on operators of critical information infrastructure.

11

On November 14, 2021, the CAC published the Regulations of Internet Data Security Management (Draft for Comments), which further regulate the internet data processing activities and emphasize the supervision and management of network data security, and further stipulate the obligations of internet platform operators, such as to establish a system for disclosure of platform rules, privacy policies and algorithmic strategies related to data. Specifically, the draft regulations require data processors to, among others, (i) adopt immediate remediation measures when finding that network products and services they use or provide have security defects and vulnerabilities, or threaten national security or endanger public interest, and (ii) follow a series of detailed requirements with respect to processing of personal information, management of important data and proposed overseas transfer of data. In addition, the draft regulations require data processors handling important data or the data processors to be listed overseas to complete an annual data security assessment and file a data security assessment report to applicable regulators. Such annual assessment, as required by the draft regulations, would encompass areas including, but not limited to, the status of important data processing, data security risks identified and the measures adopted, the effectiveness of data protection measures, the implementation of national data security laws and regulations, data security incidents that occurred and their handling, and a security assessment with respect to sharing and provision of important data overseas. As of the date of this report, the draft regulations have been released for public comment only and have not been formally adopted. The final provisions and the timeline for its adoption are subject to changes and uncertainties.

We currently operate three online platform, one is primarily engaged in provide advertisements service in our Xindian platform to our customers in China, the other two are engaged in provide e-commerce service in our ZCZX and LSM WeChat application to sell health and beauty products in China, where our customers can register as members first, and then purchase advertisements promotion plan, and health and beauty products. Our online platform collects customer information and data. Since our online platform has only been in operation for about a year, we are in the process of studying the newly issued rules and regulations governing cybersecurity and data protection and the industry best practice, as well as assessing the extent to which our information and data system is not in full compliance with the various requirements under the newly proposed regulations. Based on the preliminary assessment, our management has determined that we are not in full compliance with those new proposed rules. For example, we have not consistently informed users of the purpose, method and scope of personal information and data collections and uses. We also have not fully implemented the measures designed by us to provide additional security to personal information obtained and stored by us through our online platform. As of the date of this report, the proposed rules have not been adopted and thus we are not subject to those requirements in the proposed rules.

We are committed to taking the necessary actions to satisfy the effective personal information protection and internet data security regulatory requirements. We have designed a user information protection mechanism, which includes seven detailed personal information and data security protection measures. We have implemented some of those measures while is in the process of completing the execution of others. We intend to fully comply with the following requirements should the final rules are issued in the same form as proposed: (a) enter into user information collection, storage and use rules and privacy agreements with all users, (b) fully inform users of the purpose, method and scope of personal information and data collection, (c) provide channels for inquiring stored personal information and correcting inaccuracies in information and data, and (d) remediate for violations of personal information and data security protection policies and guidelines, among other things.

On December 28, 2021, the CAC, NDRC, and several other agencies jointly issued the Cybersecurity Review Measures, or the Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaced Revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review previously issued in July 2021. Under the Measures, an 'online platform operator' in possession of personal data of more than one million users must apply for a cybersecurity review if it intends to list its securities on a foreign stock exchange. The operators of critical information infrastructure purchasing network products and services, and the online platform operators (together with the operators of critical information infrastructure, the 'Operators') carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security, shall conduct a cybersecurity review, and any online platform operator who controls more than one million users' personal information must go through a cybersecurity review by the cybersecurity review office if it seeks to be listed in a foreign country. Pursuant to the Measures, we don't believe we will be subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that (i) we possess personal information of a relatively small number of users (approximately 10,840 users) in our business operations as of the date of this report, significantly less than the one million user threshold set for a data processing operator applying for listing on a foreign exchange that is required to pass such cybersecurity review; and (ii) data processed

in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus shall not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. We don't believe that we are an Operator within the meaning of the Measures, nor do we control more than one million users' personal information, and as such, we should not be required to apply for a cybersecurity review under the Measures.

However, in view of the fact that the Measures was released recently and there is a general lack of guidance and substantial uncertainties exist with respect to their interpretation and implementation. For example, there is still no clear definition of 'online platform operator'. Whether the data processing activities carried out by traditional enterprises (such as food, medicine, automobile and other production enterprises) are subject to such review and the scope of the review remain to be further clarified by the regulatory authorities in the subsequent implementation process.

Furthermore, the CAC released the draft of the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment) in November 2021 for public consultation, which among other things, stipulates that a data processor listed overseas must conduct an annual data security review by itself or by engaging a data security service provider and submit the annual data security review report for a given year to the municipal cybersecurity department before January 31 of the following year. If the draft Regulations on Network Data Security Management are enacted in the current form, we, as an overseas listed company, will be required to carry out an annual data security review and comply with the relevant reporting obligations.

## 12

With regard to the current effective data security management regulations, we don't believe that we are required to conduct data security review for listing overseas. However, according to the Regulations on Network Data Security Management (Draft for Comment), as an overseas listed company, we will be required to conduct an annual data security review and to comply with the relevant reporting obligations. We have been closely monitoring the development in the regulatory landscape in China, particularly regarding the requirement of approvals, including on a retrospective basis, from the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC authorities with respect to securities offering, as well as regarding any annual data security review or other procedures that may be imposed on us. If any approval, review or other procedure is in fact required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such approval or complete such review or other procedure timely or at all. For any approval that we may be able to obtain, it could nevertheless be revoked and the terms of its issuance may impose restrictions on our operations and securities offerings. Any actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over foreign investment in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.

The regulatory requirements with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy are constantly evolving and can be subject to varying interpretations, and significant changes, resulting in uncertainties about the scope of our responsibilities in that regard. Failure to comply with the cybersecurity and data privacy requirements in a timely manner, or at all, may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties, suspension or disruption of our operations, among other things.

Compliance with the PRC Cybersecurity Law, the PRC National Security Law, the Data Security Law, the Personal Information Protection Law, the Cybersecurity Review Measures, as well as additional laws and regulations that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the future, may result in additional expenses to us and subject us to negative publicity, which could harm our reputation among users and negatively affect the trading price of our shares in the future. There are also uncertainties with respect to how the PRC Cybersecurity Law, the PRC National Security Law and the Data Security Law will be implemented and interpreted in practice. PRC regulators, including the Ministry of Public Security, the MIIT, the SAMR and the CAC, have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection, including for mobile apps, and are enhancing the protection of privacy and data security by rule-making and enforcement actions at national and local levels. We expect that these areas will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, including fines, suspension of business, prohibition against new user registration (even for a short period of time) and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

If the Chinese government determines that our corporate structure does not comply with Chinese regulations, or if Chinese regulations change or are interpreted differently in the future, Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our current operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.

In July 2021, the Chinese government provided new guidance on Chinese companies raising capital outside of mainland China, including through arrangements called variable interest entities, or VIEs. Currently, our corporate structure contains no variable interest entities and we are not in an industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations in mainland China. However, there are uncertainties with

respect to the Chinese legal system and there may be changes in laws, regulations and policies, including how those laws, regulations and policies will be interpreted or implemented. If in the future the Chinese government determines that our corporate structure does not comply with Chinese regulations, or if Chinese regulations change or are interpreted differently, the value of our securities may decline or become worthless.

The Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless.

The Chinese government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The Chinese government has recently published new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding the food and beverage industry or the supply in Chinese industries that could require us to seek permission from Chinese authorities to continue to operate our business, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, recent statements made by the Chinese government have indicated an intent to increase the government's oversight and control over offerings of companies with significant operations in mainland China that are to be conducted in foreign markets, as well as foreign investment in China-based issuers like us. Any future action by the Chinese government expanding the categories of industries and companies whose foreign securities offerings are subject to government review could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors or could disallow our current operating structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or a material change in the value of our securities, including causing the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless.

On July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law enforcement and judicial cooperation, to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application of the PRC securities laws. Since this document is still relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to how soon legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our future business combination with a company with major operation in China.

## 13

Further, Chinese government continues to exert more oversight and control over Chinese technology firms. On July 2, 2021, Chinese cybersecurity regulator announced, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company's application be removed from smartphone application stores. On July 5, 2021, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator launched the same investigation on two other Internet platforms, China's Full Truck Alliance of Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. (NYSE: YMM) and Boss of KANZHUN LIMITED (Nasdaq: BZ).

On December 24, 2021, the CSRC issued the Administrative Provisions of the State Council Regarding the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Enterprises (the 'Draft Administrative Provisions') and the Measures for the Overseas Issuance of Securities and Listing Record-Filings by Domestic Enterprises (Draft for Comments) (the 'Draft Filing Measures'), collectively, the Draft Overseas Listing Rules, which are currently published for public comments only. According to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules, among other things, all China-based companies applying for overseas securities issuance, listing and post-listing capital operations shall be subject to statutory procedures, such as filing and information reporting requirement. After making initial applications with overseas stock markets for offerings or listings, all China-based companies shall file with the CSRC within three business days. In addition, overseas offerings and listings may be prohibited for such China-based companies when any of the following applies: (a) if the securities offerings and listings are prohibited by applicable PRC laws and rules; (b) if securities offerings and listings may constitute a threat to, or endanger national security as reviewed and determined by PRC authorities; (c) if there are material ownership disputes over applicants' equity interests, major assets, core technologies or other items; (d) if a PRC company or its controlling shareholders or de facto controllers have committed certain crimes, under investigation for suspicion of major violations in the prior three years; (e) if any directors, supervisors, or senior executives of applicants have been subject to administrative punishments for severe violations, or are under investigations for crimes or major violations; or (f) other circumstances as provided. The Draft Administrative Provisions further provide that a fine between RMB 1 million and RMB 10 million may be imposed if a company fails to fulfill the filing requirements with the CSRC or conducts an overseas offering or listing in violation of the Draft Overseas Listing Rules. In the case of severe violations, an order to suspend relevant businesses or halt operations for rectification may be issued, and relevant business permits or operational license revoked. Overseas issuance and listings subject to the Draft Overseas Listing Rules include direct and indirect issuance and listings. We

believe that our future securities offerings and proposed listing of our shares on Nasdaq Capital Market would be deemed an Indirect Overseas Issuance and Listing under the Draft Overseas Listing Rules and will be required to complete the filing procedures and submit the relevant information to CSRC after the Draft Overseas Listing Rules become effective. As of the date of this report, such rules have not become effective and we are not required to complete the filing procedures if we complete this offering and begin the trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq before the rules take effect. In addition, after the rules take effect, we would only need to submit the filing materials and no CSRC approval would be required under the rules. Because we are relying on an opinion of counsel, there is uncertainty inherent in relying on an opinion of counsel in connection with whether we are required to obtain permissions from a governmental agency that is required to approve of our operations and/or listings. In the event that an government approval is required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to receive clearance in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock, cause significant disruption to our business operations, severely damage our reputation, materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our shares to significantly decline in value or become worthless.

China Securities Regulatory Commission and other Chinese government agencies may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers. Additional compliance procedures may be required in connection with the offering of our securities and our business operations, and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain such approval. As a result, we face uncertainty about future actions by the PRC government that could significantly affect our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and/or conduct our operations and cause the value of our shares to significantly decline or be worthless.

Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate completed our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for two consecutive years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or the America COMPETES Act becomes law .

In recent years, U.S. regulatory authorities have continued to express their concerns about challenges in their oversight of financial statement audits of U.S.-listed companies with significant operations in China. As part of a continued regulatory focus in the United States on access to audit and other information, the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCAA includes requirements for the SEC to identify issuers whose audit work is performed by auditors that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a restriction imposed by a non-U.S. authority in the auditor's local jurisdiction. The HFCAA also requires that, to the extent that the PCAOB has been unable to inspect an issuer's auditor for three consecutive years since 2021, the SEC shall prohibit its securities registered in the United States from being traded on any national securities exchange or over-the-counter markets in the United States.

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final rule applies to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction. Consistent with the HFCAA, the interim final rule requires the submission of documentation to the SEC establishing that such a registrant is not owned or controlled by a government entity in that foreign jurisdiction and also requires disclosure in a foreign issuer's annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and government influence on, such registrants. On May 13, 2021, the PCAOB issued proposed PCAOB Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act for public comment. The proposed rule provides a framework for making determinations as to whether PCAOB is unable to inspect an audit firm in a foreign jurisdiction, including the timing, factors, bases, publication and revocation or modification of such determinations, and such determinations will be made on a jurisdiction-wide basis in a consistent manner applicable to all firms headquartered in the jurisdiction. In November 2021, the SEC approved PCAOB Rule 6100. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to final rules implementing the disclosure and submission requirements of the HFCAA.

14

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act or AHFCAA, and on February 4, 2022, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the America Creating Opportunities for Manufacturing Pre-Eminence in Technology and Economic Strength (COMPETES) Act of 2022, or the COMPETES Act. If either bill is enacted into law, it would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer's securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections or complete investigations for two consecutive years instead of three. As a result, our securities may be prohibited from trading on Nasdaq or over-the-counter markets if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for three consecutive years as specified in the HFCAA or two years if the AHFCAA or the COMPETES Act becomes law, and would reduce the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted.

On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions.

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB announced the PCAOB Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the 'PCAOB determinations') relating to the PCAOB's inability to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong.

The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection or investigation in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections or investigations of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms' audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections and investigations, which could cause existing and potential investors in our stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.

Our current auditor, TAAD, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm that is headquartered in the Southern California, is a firm registered with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the 'PCAOB'), and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional standards. TAAD, LLP has been subject to PCAOB inspections, and is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB's determination on December 16, 2021 of having been unable to inspect or investigate completely.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there is any regulatory change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit TAAD, LLP to provide audit documentations located in China or Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject to the HFCAA, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections or investigations of audit work undertaken in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors' audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate.

## We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and any determination that we violated the foreign corrupt practices act could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We will have operations, agreements with third parties and make sales in the PRC, which may experience corruption. Our proposed activities in the PRC create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company, because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. Also, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants, or sales agents of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.

## You may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us.

We are a Nevada corporation but most of our assets are and will be located outside of the United States. Almost all our operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, all our officers and directors are the nationals and residents of a country other than the United States. Almost all of their assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon them. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, since he or she is not a resident in the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC or other jurisdictions would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts.

Chinese economic growth slowdown may have a negative effect on our business.

Since 2014, Chinese economic growth has been slowing down from double-digit GDP speed. The annual rate of growth declined from 7.3% in 2014 to 6.9% in 2015, to 6.7% in 2016, to 6.9% in 2017, to 6.6% in 2018, and to 6.1% in 2019. Due to the impact of COVID-19, China's economic growth rate in 2020 has slowed to 2.3%, its lowest level in years. While technology-based financial services companies have not been affected by the pandemic on the same level as companies in certain other industries, nevertheless a slow economic growth could adversely affect many of our customers and partners, which in turn may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

## Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a 'Resident Enterprise' of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.

China passed an Enterprise Income Tax Law (the 'EIT Law'), as most recently amended and effective on December 29, 2018, and the related Implementation Regulations, as amended and effective on April 23 2019. Under the EIT Law, an enterprise established outside of China with 'de facto management bodies' within China is considered a 'resident enterprise,' meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define de facto management as 'substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties' of the enterprise.

On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation of China issued the Notice Concerning Relevant Issues Regarding Cognizance of Chinese Investment Controlled Enterprises Incorporated Offshore as Resident Enterprises pursuant to Criteria of de facto Management Bodies, or the Notice, further interpreting the application of the EIT Law and its implementation to offshore entities controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group. Pursuant to the Notice, an enterprise incorporated in an offshore jurisdiction and controlled by a Chinese enterprise or group will be classified as a 'non-domestically incorporated resident enterprise' if (i) its senior management in charge of daily operations reside or perform their duties mainly in China; (ii) its financial or personnel decisions are made or approved by bodies or persons in China; (iii) its substantial assets and properties, accounting books, corporate stamps, board and stockholder minutes are kept in China; and (iv) at least half of its directors with voting rights or senior management are often resident in China. A resident enterprise would be subject to an enterprise income tax rate of 25% on its worldwide income and must pay a withholding tax at a rate of 10% when paying dividends to its non-PRC stockholders.

Ezagoo does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary controlling shareholder and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of the Notice, so we believe the Notice is not applicable to us. However, in the absence of guidance specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in the Notice to evaluate the tax residence status of Ezagoo for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

We do not believe that we meet some of the conditions outlined. As a holding company, the key assets and records of Ezagoo including the resolutions and meeting minutes of our board of directors and the resolutions and meeting minutes of our shareholders, are located and maintained outside the PRC. In addition, we are not aware of any offshore holding companies with a corporate structure similar to ours that have been deemed a PRC 'resident enterprise' by the PRC tax authorities. Accordingly, we believe that Ezagoo should not be treated as a 'resident enterprise' for PRC tax purposes if the criteria for 'de facto management body' as set forth in the Notice were deemed applicable to us. However, as the tax residency status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term 'de facto management body' as applicable to our offshore entities, we will continue to monitor our tax status.

If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a 'resident enterprise' for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we may be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. In our case, this would mean that income such as non-China source income would be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of 25%. Currently, we do not have any non-China source income, so this would have minimal effect on us; however, if we develop non-China source income in the future, we could be adversely affected. Second, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, dividends paid to us from our PRC subsidiaries would qualify as 'tax-exempt income.' Finally, it is possible that future guidance issued with respect to the new 'resident enterprise' classification could result in a situation in which a 10% withholding tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders and with respect to gains derived by our non-PRC stockholders from transferring our shares. If we were treated as a 'resident enterprise' by the PRC tax authorities, we would be subject to taxation in both the U.S. and China, but our PRC source income will not be taxed in the U.S. again because the U.S.-China tax treaty will avoid double taxation between these two nations.

PRC regulation of loans and direct investment by offshore holding companies in PRC entities may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of our securities offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business.

In the normal course of our business, we may make loans to our PRC subsidiaries or may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiaries. Any loans to our wholly foreign-owned or holding subsidiaries in China, which are treated as foreign-invested enterprises ('FIEs') under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan registrations. For example, loans by us to our FIE subsidiaries in China to finance their activities cannot exceed statutory limits and must be registered with SAFE. In addition, a foreign invested enterprise shall use its capital pursuant to the principle of authenticity and self-use within its business scope. The capital of a foreign invested enterprise shall not be used for the following purposes: (i) directly or indirectly used for payment beyond the business scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations; (ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities or investments other than banks' principal-secured products unless otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations; (iii) granting of loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except where it is expressly permitted in the business license; and (iv) paying the expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises).

## 16

SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective June 2015, in replacement of the Circular on the Relevant Operating Issues Concerning the Improvement of the Administration of the Payment and Settlement of Foreign Currency Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, the Notice from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Relevant Issues Concerning Strengthening the Administration of Foreign Exchange Businesses, and the Circular on Further Clarification and Regulation of the Issues Concerning the Administration of Certain Capital Account Foreign Exchange Businesses. According to SAFE Circular 19, the flow and use of the RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company is regulated such that RMB capital may not be used for the issuance of RMB entrusted loans, the repayment of inter-enterprise loans or the repayment of banks loans that have been transferred to a third party. Although SAFE Circular 19 allows RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested enterprise to be used for equity investments within China, it also reiterates the principle that RMB converted from the foreign currency-denominated capital of a foreign-invested company may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope. SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Foreign Exchange Settlement Management Policy of Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, which reiterates some of the rules set forth in SAFE Circular 19, but changes the prohibition against using RMB capital converted from foreign currency-denominated registered capital of a foreign-invested company to issue RMB entrusted loans to a prohibition against using such capital to issue loans to non-associated enterprises. Violations of SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 could result in administrative penalties. SAFE Circular 19 and SAFE Circular 16 may significantly limit our ability to transfer any foreign currency we hold, including the net proceeds from this offering, to our PRC subsidiaries, which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business in China. On October 23, 2019, the SAFE promulgated the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Promoting the Convenience of Cross-border Trade and Investment, or the SAFE Circular 28, which, among other things, allows all foreign-invested companies to use Renminbi converted from foreign currency-denominated capital for equity investments in China, as long as the equity investment is genuine, does not violate applicable laws, and complies with the negative list on foreign investment. However, since the SAFE Circular 28 is newly promulgated, it is unclear how SAFE and competent banks will implement the relevant rules in practice.

In light of the various requirements imposed by PRC regulations on loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot be certain that we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to our PRC subsidiaries or future capital contributions by us to our subsidiaries in China. As a result, uncertainties exist as to our ability to provide prompt funding to our PRC subsidiaries when needed. If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we expect to receive from this offering and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

## Governmental control of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment.

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. Under our current corporate structure, our income will currently only be derived from dividend payments from our PRC subsidiaries. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to us, or otherwise satisfy their foreign currency denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from trade-related transactions can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to

foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our security-holders.

## Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities.

Changes in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar, Euro and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in China's political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial condition, and the value of, and any dividends payable on our shares in U.S. dollar terms. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from our securities offerings into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of paying dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. In addition, fluctuations of the RMB against other currencies may increase or decrease the cost of imports and exports, and thus affect the price-competitiveness of our products against products of foreign manufacturers or products relying on foreign inputs.

Since July 2005, the RMB is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People's Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate, the RMB may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover, it is possible that in the future PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.

We reflect the impact of currency translation adjustments in our financial statements under the heading 'accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).' For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had foreign currency translation loss of $76,280 and $107,503, respectively. Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition, our foreign currency exchange gains and losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currencies.

17

Failure to comply with the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules relating to the overseas direct investment or the engagement in the issuance or trading of securities overseas by our PRC resident stockholders may subject such stockholders to fines or other liabilities.

Our ability to conduct foreign exchange activities in the PRC may be subject to the interpretation and enforcement of the Implementation Rules of the Administrative Measures for Individual Foreign Exchange promulgated by SAFE in January 2007 (as amended and supplemented, the 'Individual Foreign Exchange Rules'). Under the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules, any PRC individual seeking to make a direct investment overseas or engage in the issuance or trading of negotiable securities or derivatives overseas must make the appropriate registrations in accordance with SAFE provisions. PRC individuals who fail to make such registrations may be subject to warnings, fines or other liabilities.

SAFE promulgated the Notice on Relevant Issues Relating to Domestic Resident's Investment and Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or Notice 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to material change of capitalization or structure of the PRC resident itself (such as capital increase, capital reduction, share transfer or exchange, merger or spin off).

We may not be fully informed of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. For example, because the investment in or trading of our shares will happen in an overseas public or secondary market where shares are often held with brokers in brokerage accounts, it is unlikely that we will know the identity of all of our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. Furthermore, we have no control over any of our future beneficial owners and we cannot assure you that such PRC residents will be able to complete the necessary approval and registration procedures required by the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules.

To our knowledge, our beneficial owners, who are PRC residents, have not completed the Notice 37 registration. And we cannot guarantee that all or any of the shareholders will complete the Notice 37 registration prior to the closing of this Offering. Failure by any such shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with Notice 37 could restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our

PRC subsidiaries' ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. In addition, the PRC resident shareholders who fail to complete Notice 37 registration may subject to fines less than RMB50,000.

As these foreign exchange and outbound investment related regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and implementation has been constantly evolving, it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border investments and transactions, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities.

It is uncertain how the Individual Foreign Exchange Rules will be interpreted or enforced and whether such interpretation or enforcement will affect our ability to conduct foreign exchange transactions. Because of this uncertainty, we cannot be sure whether the failure by any of our PRC resident stockholders to make the required registration will subject our PRC subsidiaries to fines or legal sanctions on their operations, delay or restriction on repatriation of proceeds of our securities offerings into the PRC, restriction on remittance of dividends or other punitive actions that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## There are uncertainties under the PRC laws relating to the procedures for U.S. regulators to investigate and collect evidence from companies located in the PRC.

Shareholder claims that are common in the U.S., including securities law class actions and fraud claims, among other matters, generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for shareholder investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not been efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, or Article 177, the securities regulatory authority of the State Council may collaborate with securities regulatory authorities of other countries or regions in order to monitor and oversee cross border securities activities. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory authorities are not permitted to carry out investigation and evidence collection directly within the territory of the PRC, and that any Chinese entities and individuals are not allowed to provide documents or materials related to securities business activities to overseas agencies without prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent departments of the State Council.

Our principal business operations are conducted in the PRC. In the event that the U.S. regulators carry out investigations with respect to our business and need to conduct investigation or collect evidence within the territory of the PRC, the U.S. regulators may not be able to carry out such investigation or evidence collection directly in the PRC under the PRC laws. The U.S. regulators may consider cross-border cooperation with securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or regulatory cooperation mechanism established with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there can be no assurance that the U.S. regulators could succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in a specific case or could establish the cooperation in a timely manner. If U.S. regulators are unable to conduct such investigations, such U.S. regulators may determine to suspend and ultimately delist our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market or choose to suspend or de-register our SEC registration.

18

## Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business in China could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business .

Our business is subject to regulation by various governmental agencies in China, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing compliance with various legal obligations, such as privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations, intellectual property laws, employment and labor laws, workplace safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, governmental trade laws, import and export controls, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and tax laws and regulations. These laws and regulations impose added costs on our business. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to:

- investigations, enforcement actions, and sanctions;
- mandatory changes to our supply chain system and products;
- disgorgement of profits, fines, and damages;
- civil and criminal penalties or injunctions;
- claims for damages by our customers or partners;
- termination of contracts;
- loss of intellectual property rights;

- failure to obtain, maintain or renew certain licenses, approvals, permits, registrations or filings
- necessary to conduct our operations; and
- temporary or permanent debarment from sales to public service organizations.

If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of our management's attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could materially harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We are exposed to the risk of misconduct, errors and failure to functions by our management, employees and parties that we collaborate with, who may from time to time be subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings or otherwise face potential liability and penalties in relation to noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations, which could harm our reputation and business.

## Payment of dividends is subject to restrictions under Nevada and the PRC laws.

Under Nevada law, we may only pay dividends subject to our ability to service our debts as they become due and provided that our assets will exceed our liabilities after the payment of such dividends. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore depend on our ability to generate adequate profits. In addition, because of a variety of rules applicable to our operations in the PRC and the regulations on foreign investments as well as the applicable tax law, we may be subject to further limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders.

As a holding company, we may rely on dividends and other distributions from our PRC subsidiaries and WFOEs for cash requirements. If a WFOE incurs any debts, the instruments governing such debts may restrict its ability to pay dividends to us. In order for us to pay dividends or other distributions to our shareholders, including investors in this offering, we will rely on payments from our subsidiaries. Cash or other assets may be transferred to us from our subsidiaries in the following manner: (i) funds from our operating subsidiaries to WFOEs may be remitted as services fees, dividends or other distributions; and (ii) WFOEs may make dividends or other distributions to us through our Hong Kong subsidiaries.

Current PRC regulations permit Chinese operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to foreign parent companies only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. Each of our subsidiaries in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its aftertax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. While the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation.

Cash dividends, if any, on our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. The PRC government also imposes restrictions on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. As such, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC incur any debts, the existence of debts evidenced by the debt instruments may significantly limit their ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we are unable to receive earnings distributions from our operating subsidiaries in China, we would be unable to pay dividends on our shares.

If we are deemed by the PRC tax authorities as a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay to our non-PRC resident shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result, may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of up to 10.0%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income, or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10% withholding tax rate may be reduced to 5% if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no less than 25% of a PRC entity. However, the 5% withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied, including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25% share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt of the dividends. In practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply for the 5% lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case basis, we cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5% under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to any dividends to be paid by our CETL, to our Hong Kong subsidiary, ELHK. CETL currently does not have any plan to declare and pay dividends, and we have not applied for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. ELHK will apply for the tax resident certificate when CETL plans to declare and pay dividends.

As of the date of this report, we have not paid, and do not anticipate paying in the foreseeable future, dividends or other distributions to our shareholders. There have not been any dividends or other distributions from CETL to ELHK. None of our PRC subsidiaries have ever paid any dividends or distributions outside of China. We presently intend to retain all earnings to fund our operations and business expansions.

We can give no assurance that we will declare dividends of any amounts, at any rate or at all in the future. The declaration of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial conditions, legal and contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.

## Our common stock may not develop an active trading market and the price and trading volume of our shares may fluctuate significantly.

Shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTC marketplace. We cannot predict whether investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active and liquid trading market. If an active trading market does not develop, holders of our shares of common stock may have difficulty selling our shares that may now be owned or may be purchased later. In addition, until we are able to be listed on a national exchange, the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our shares may be reduced, we may receive decreased news and analyst coverage, and we may be limited in our ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Even if an active trading market develops for our shares, the market price of our shares may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume of our shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur.

## In case that our shares trade under $5.00 per share they will be considered penny stock. Trading in penny stocks has many restrictions and these restrictions could severely affect the price and liquidity of our common stock.

If our stock trades below $5.00 per share, our stock would be known as a 'penny stock', which is subject to various regulations involving disclosures to be given to you prior to the purchase of any penny stock. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC') has adopted regulations which generally define a 'penny stock' to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Depending on market fluctuations, our Common Stock would be considered as a 'penny stock'. A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established Members and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker/dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the 'penny stock' rules may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our securities and may negatively affect the ability of holders of shares of our Common Stock to resell them. These disclosures require you to acknowledge that you understand the risks associated with buying penny stocks and that you can absorb the loss of your entire investment. Penny stocks are low priced securities that do not have a very high trading volume. Consequently, the price of the stocks is often volatile, and you may not be able to buy or sell the stock when you want to.

## We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Presently, we intend to retain all our earnings, if any, to finance development and expansion of our business. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a positive return on your investment in us will be if the market price of our Common Stock appreciates.

## Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Xiaohao Tan, own a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock and could significantly influence the outcome of our corporate matters.

Mr. Xiaohao Tan, our CEO, beneficially owns 74% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, Mr. Xiaohao Tan is collectively able to exercise significant influence over all matters that require us to obtain shareholder approval, including the election of directors to our board and approval of significant corporate transactions that we may consider, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership in our shares by executive officers will limit other shareholders' ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us.

The price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and stockholders may not be able to resell their shares.

The trading price for our common stock has fluctuated since our common stock was first quoted on the OTC marketplace. The market price of our stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results;
- the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections;
- actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
- announcements by us or our competitors of significant products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;
- price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole;
- lawsuits threatened or filed against us; and
- other events or factors, including those resulting from health pandemics, war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events.

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of securities of many companies. Stock prices of many companies have fluctuated in a manner unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.

20

## Future sales of substantial amounts of the shares of our Common Stock by existing shareholders could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock.

If our existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of the shares, then the market price of our Common Stock could fall. Such sales by our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate. If any existing shareholders sell substantial amounts of shares, the prevailing market price for our shares could be adversely affected.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We currently maintain our principal executive office at Rm 205, 2/F, Building 17, Yard 1, Li Ze Road, Feng Tai District, Beijing 100073, China, which expires on December 31, 2023. The current monthly rent is RMB2,000 (approximately $298) with a lease term of 12 months (that is started from January 1, 2023).

As of June 5, 2023, the Company has a total six separate operating lease agreements for six office spaces in PRC with remaining lease terms of from 7 months to 24 months.

For more information on operating lease, see Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time to time, we maybe involve in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Currently there are no pending legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. None of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or has a material interest adverse to our business.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol 'EZOO'.

Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC market is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company's operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market for our common stock in the future.

## Holders

As of June 5, 2023, we had 119,956,826 shares of our Common Stock par value, $.0001 issued and outstanding. There were 153 beneficial owners of our Common Stock.

## Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent for our capital stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598 and telephone number is 212-828-8436.

## Penny Stock Regulations

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define 'penny stock' to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. Our Common Stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding $200,000 individually, or $300,000, together with their spouse).

For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the 'penny stock' rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their Common Stock in the secondary market.

In addition to the 'penny stock' rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ('FINRA') has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the investors' ability to buy and sell our stock.

## Dividend Policy

Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. Our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the future.

## Equity Compensation Plan Information

Currently, there is no equity compensation plan in place.

## Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers

We have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

22

## ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in U.S. Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

## Company Overview

Ezagoo Limited ('the Company' or 'EZAGOO'), was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018. As of January 1, 2022, the Company's revenue will mainly be generated revenue from Xindian application platform. According to the announcement of &lt;Approval of Changsha Municipal People's Government on establishing Changsha Bus Group Co., LTD.&gt; that was issued by the Changsha government on November 17, 2020, 'In order to accelerate the development of the Changsha City, the local government decided to set up the Changsha Public Transportation Group Ltd, which is holds Baojun Bus Co., Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co.' These mentioned Bus companies are used to be our vendors, our contracts with Zhongwang Bus Co., and Tongchang Bus Co., were expired on February 9, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, and we were not renewed as they were the first batch of bus companies to be merged by the Changsha government. The contract with Baojun Bus Co., was expired on December 31, 2020 but we continued the bus rent on a monthly basis until December 28, 2021. The Changsha government completed the merge and acquisition at the end of 2021, which makes it very difficult for us to continue to operate in this area.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company conducted its business in generally three revenue streams: advertising income of mobile short video in Xindian, the trading income of e-commerce business in ZCZX, and the commission income from e-commerce business &amp; other value-added services in Xindian &amp; LSM.

## Results of Operations

## For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021

Revenue

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  (Audited)  (Audited)  REVENUES  $  $  Advertisement income of mobile short video  235,699  2,130,269  Trading income of e-commerce business  49,749  -  Commission income  -Commission income of e-commerce business (including of $9 and $0 from  related party for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively)  9  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| -Commission income of other value-added services  597  -  $  286,054  $  2,130,269   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company generated revenue of $286,054 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to revenue of $2,130,269 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Related party revenue was $9 in 2022, whereas 2021 had $0 related party revenue. The decrease in advertisement income is the Company suffered from the Covid-19, and we met the bottleneck when we transformed the traditional bus advertising to our Xindian platform since January 1, 2022. We're planning to expand our brand to attract more potential users and customers, and we have generated commission income of e-commerce business in Xindian and other value-added services (Customers or Users could sell products in Xindian, and LSM like Amazon, TaoBao. JD, Pinduoduo) since June 2022, and generated trading income of e-commerce business in ZCZX since September 2022.

## Costs and Expenses

Our cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses of $1,459,530 and $1,831,931 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our operating expenses include costs related to R&amp;D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of these expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlated to the changes in revenue.

## Cost of revenues

Cost of revenues is comprised of short video produce costs, bus rental fee and related costs, salaries and related costs.

- Short video produce costs of $5,334 and $620,435 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are outsourcing to the related party.
- Costs of goods sold and sales commission expenses of $44,661 for the year ended December 31, 2022 which for the e-commerce trading of health and beauty products in ZCZX WeChat applications.
- Bus rental fee and related costs of $61,933 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which for ads displayed on their Xindian platform.
- Salaries and related costs of $196,970 and $94,334 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are
- the compensation expenses for technical employees responsible for R&amp;D, and depreciation of computer related to our existing Xindian platform, software's and online database expenses related to ZCZX and LSM WeChat applications.

## Operating Expenses

Operating expenses are generally included during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either sales and marketing expenses and general &amp; administrative expenses.

- The main components of our sales and marketing expenses of $136,186 and $154,763 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are:
- a. Compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions;
- b. Spending related to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our services and Xindian platform.
- The main components of our general and administrative expenses of $1,076,379 and $900,466 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are:
- a. Compensation expenses for employees in financial, human resources, and other administrative support functions;
- b. Professional services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal service.
- c. Office expenses, including rent and rate, insurance, etc.

## Net Income (Loss)

The net loss of $1,253,608 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to net income for the year was $254,640 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was mainly reflected in less advertising income that the Company suffered from the Covid-19, and we met the bottleneck when we transformed the traditional bus advertising to our Xindian platform since January 1, 2022.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of $2,458,666 as compared to working capital deficit of $1,481,472 as of December 31, 2021. The increase in working capital deficit was reflected in advanced from related parties for operating use, and the repayment from the related party. The Company's net loss of $1,253,608 and net income of $254,640 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Cash Flow from Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $1,125,692 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $1,438,919 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting an increase of $313,227. Such increase was mainly reflected in significant net loss in year 2022 compare to net income in year 2021.

## Cash Flow from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31 2022, and 2021, was $0 and $0, respectively.

## Cash Flow from Financing Activities

Net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $1,007,624 as compared to net cash generated from financing activities of $1,167,749 for the year ended December 31, 2021, reflecting a decrease of $160,125. Such decrease was mainly reflected in the repayment from the related party and lesser advances from the related parties for operating use during the year 2022.

The revenues, if any, generated from our current business operations alone may not be sufficient to fund our operations or planned growth. We will likely require additional capital to continue to operate our business, and to further expand our business. Sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements with third parties may include equity or debt financing, bank loans or revolving credit facilities. We may not be successful in locating suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. Our inability to raise additional funds when required may have a negative impact on our operations, business development and financial results.

## Critical accounting estimates

## Use of estimates

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

24

## Foreign currencies translation and re-measurement

Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.

The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars ('US$') and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition, the Company's subsidiary in People's Republic of China maintains its books and record in its local currency, Chinese Yuan ('RMB'), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates.

In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, 'Translation of Financial Statement', using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within the statements of stockholders' deficit.

Translation of amounts from RMB into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods:

| As of and for the  year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Period-end RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.91  6.36  Period-average RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.73  6.45  Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.81  7.75  Period-average HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.83  7.75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.

## Lease

The Company accounts for its leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases. The Company leases office space. The Company concludes on whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination as to whether an arrangement contains a lease is based on an assessment as to whether a contract conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for period of time in exchange for consideration. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes these lease expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company has assessed its contracts and concluded that its leases consist of only operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

25

## Revenue recognition

The Company assesses and follows the guidance of ASC 606, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps:

1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
- a. The parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations.
- b. The entity can identify each party's rights regarding the services to be transferred.
- c. The entity can identify the payment terms for the services to be transferred.
- d. The contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity's future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract).

- e. It is probable that the entity will collect substantially all of the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to the customer.
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- a. According to the contract, the Company and Customer has to maintain the performance obligation, respectively.

The customer shall pay for the services and goods after signing of the contract and provide appropriate advertisement

- b. materials, and the delivery address &amp; contact information of the e-commerce order to the Company, the Company shall ensure the published advertisement and delivered goods of the Customer according to the contract terms.
3. Determine the transaction price;

a. For the advertisement and e-commerce contract, the transaction price is explicitly stated in fixed amount in the contract. There is no variable consideration, such as discounts, rebates, consideration payable to customer or noncash

- consideration. There was no price concession, and the Company did not expect any price concession for the service performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
- b. The contract does not contain any elements that would cause consideration under the arrangement to be variable (Examples include discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, incentives, tiered pricing, price guarantees, right of return, etc.).
- c. There are no factors that exist whereby it is not probable that a significant reversal or revenues will not occur in the contract.
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- a. There were no multiple performance obligations to which the transaction price must be allocated, and each contract only has one performance obligation. The standalone selling price is explicated stated in the contract.
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

Per ASC 606, an entity shall recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring

- a. a promised good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset.

Revenue is recognized when the advertising service is performed. According to the sample advertising and e-commerce

- b. contract, upon obtaining the signed contract and order from the Customer, the service and goods' period would be started. Therefore, the revenue is recognized when the service and goods are completely provided and delivered at that point in time.

Under Topic 606, revenues are recognized when the promised services and goods have been confirmed and transferred to the consumers in amounts that reflect the consideration the customer expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company presents value added taxes ('VAT') as reductions of revenues. The Company recognizes revenues net of value added taxes ('VAT') and relevant charges.

During the year 2022, the Company's revenue mainly from providing advertising services on the Xindian application that developed by the Company ('advertisement income'), providing e-commerce trading of goods and products on ZCZX WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('trading income'), and providing e-commerce value-added service in Xindian &amp; LSM WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('commission income').

## Cost of revenues

Cost of revenue includes costs of goods sold and sales commissions expenses of e-commerce trading in ZCZX, production costs of short video advertisement, the operating salaries for the staffs who running the Xindian application and LSM, and online cloud and database expenses for e-commerce storage use on Xindian, ZCZX and LSM.

The Company followed the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company recorded a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likelythan-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate.

The Company accounted for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax benefit recognized in accordance with ASC 740 are classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense.

## Earnings per share

The Company computes earnings per share ('EPS') in accordance with ASC Topic 260, 'Earnings per share'. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options, and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Any potential common shares in 2022 and 2021 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.

## Related party transaction

A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company's securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company's management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

## Recent accounting pronouncements

In March 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-03, 'Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment,' which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. Step two of the goodwill impairment test measures a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying amount. The new guidance is effective prospectively but not applicable for us for the year ended December 31, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance as of March 30, 2021. An entity should not retroactively adopt the amendments in this update for interim financial statements already issued in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement. The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance.

The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.

## Risks and uncertainties

Substantially all the Company's services are conducted in Changsha City, China. The Company's operations are subject to adverse impact of the coronavirus outbreak. The lock-down of the whole China in February 2020 severely reduced our revenue generated from advertising business. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and the impact

COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular.

## Going Concern

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared using the going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of $3,831,788 and operated a net loss of $1,253,608. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to meet the Company's obligations as they become due.

These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to our stockholders.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The financial statements required by this item are in PART IV of this Annual Report.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Disclosure Controls and Procedures

## Disclosures Control and Procedures

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:

- Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;

●

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in

- accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
- Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.

28

As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO') and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on such evaluation, the Company's management concluded that, during the period covered by this Report, internal controls and procedures over financial reporting were not effective. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.

## Identified Material Weaknesses

Amaterial weakness in internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected.

Management identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

1. We do not have an Audit Committee - While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee, it is the management's view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control over the Company's financial

- statement. Currently the Chief Executive Officer and Director act in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management's activities.

We do not have Written Policies &amp; Procedures - Due to lack of written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting,

2. the Company did not establish a formal process to close our books monthly and account for all transactions and thus failed to properly
2. record the Private Placement or disclose such transactions in its SEC filings in a timely manner.
3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls - As at December 31, 2022, the Company retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the Company's data
4. or off-site storage of the data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors.

Accordingly, the Company concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company's internal controls.

As a result of the material weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

## Management's Remediation Initiatives

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures:

We plan to create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. The accounting personnel is responsible

1. for reviewing the financing activities, facilitate the approval of the financing, record the information regarding the financing, and submit SEC filing related documents to our legal counsel in order to comply with the filing requirements of SEC.
2. We plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity and debt transactions.

We intend to add staff members to our management team for making sure that information required to be disclosed in our reports

3. filed and submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and the staff members will have segregated responsibilities with regard to these responsibilities.

We anticipate that these initiatives will be at least partially, if not fully, implemented by the end of fiscal year 2022.

## Changes in internal controls over financial reporting

There was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Report, which has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting, except that we have hired outside consultant to remediate our material weakness in lack of accounting and finance personnel with technical knowledge in SEC rules and regulations.

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

29

## PART III

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Our executive officer's and director's and their respective ages as of the date hereof are as follows:

| NAME  AGE  POSITION  Xiaohao Tan  52  Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Director  Xin Yang  46  Chief Financial Officer   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years.

## Xiaohao Tan - Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director

Xiaohao Tan earned his Master's degree in Business Administration (MBA) from Hunan Business College in 2003. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Tan worked at China Pacific Insurance (Group) Co., Ltd. as a marketing officer and shortly thereafter, was promoted to senior manager. His major responsibilities were to manage clients' portfolios, maintain customer relationships, design and implement effective marketing strategies to sell new insurance contracts or adjust existing, contact potential clients and then build up a team, lead the team to implement a plan and achieve team goals etc. In 2001 Mr. Tan founded Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Changsha City Leaders Trading Co. Ltd.). Since then, Mr. Tan has been serving as the Chairman and General Manager of this company and his major responsibilities have included, but have not been limited to obtaining profit contributions by managing staff, and establishing and accomplishing business objectives. In 2010, Mr. Tan founded Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd. and continues to serve as the President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director. In August of 2014, Mr. Tan founded 'Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited,' a Company operating out of Changsha, China. Mr. Tan serves as the President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited.

Mr. Tan has received several awards which include 'Best E-Commerce Innovation Model Award', 'China's Outstanding Entrepreneurs of Good Faith', '2012 China E-Commerce Most Investment Value Award', '2015 China Advertising Great Wall Awards', 'Enterprise Credit AAA Grade Enterprise' in 2017 and 'Brand Reputation AAA Grade Enterprise' in 2017.

Due to Mr. Tan's over 20 years of experience in top management of various businesses, in May of 2018, the Board of Directors elected to appoint him to the positions of CEO, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chairman of Board of Directors of Ezagoo Limited.

## Xin Yang - Chief Financial Officer

Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor's degree in accounting from Central South University in 1998. Then, in 2006, he obtained a mid-level accountant certificate, in China.

From 1998 to 2005, he served as an accountant at Hunan Schlumberger Equipment Co., Ltd. and was subsequently promoted to Accounting Manager. His major responsibilities were providing financial information to management by researching and analyzing data, and preparing financial reports. Then, from 2005 to 2006, he joined Changsha Qixi Computer Co., Ltd. and served as accounting Manager. He was responsible for managing and overseeing daily operations of the accounting department, monitoring and analyzing accounting data and producing financial reports or statements. Subsequently, Mr Yang joined Li &amp; Fung Limited from June 2006 to December 2009 and Hunan Hanlian Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. from January 2010 to May 2016. At those two companies, he, as a financial manager, was responsible for the corporate finance of those companies. Specifically, he produced financial reports, direct investment activities, and developed strategies and plans for the long-term financial goals of those companies. Since June 2016, he has joined Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited and now serves as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company. Mr. Yang's primary responsibilities are to manage the Company's finances, including financial planning, financial projections and accounting services, management of financial risks, and develop strategies and financial growth plans for the long-term financial goals of the Company.

Due to Mr. Yang's status as a qualified expert in finances and his academic background, along with his 20 years of professional working experience, the Board of Directors has determined it best to appoint him to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

## Family Relationships

There are no family relationships, or other arrangements or understandings between or among any of the directors or executive officer.

## Board Committees

Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the Directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees.

## Audit Committee Financial Expert

Our Board of Directors has determined that we do not have a board member that qualifies as an 'audit committee financial expert' as defined in Item 407(D)(5) of Regulation S-K, nor do we have a Board member that qualifies as 'independent' as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(14) of the FINRA Rules.

30

Audit committee financial expert means a person who has the following attributes:

1. An understanding of generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements;
2. Experience applying such generally accepted accounting principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals, and reserves that are generally comparable to the estimates, accruals and reserves, if any, used in the registrant's financial statements;
3. Experience preparing or auditing financial statements that present accounting issues that are generally comparable to those raised by the registrant's financial statements;

4. Experience with internal controls and procedures for financial reporting; and
5. An understanding of audit committee functions.

Currently, our Company does not have an audit committee or an audit committee financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on its Board of Directors because given the early stage of our business development, it is costly to retain an independent Director who qualify as an audit committee financial expert. However, we expect, in the foreseeable future, to form such a committee composed of our non-employee directors. We may in the future attempt to add a qualified board member to serve as an audit committee financial expert in the future, subject to our ability to locate and compensate such a person. The audit committee's duties will be to recommend to our Company's Board of Directors the engagement of an independent registered public accounting firm to audit our Company's financial statements and to review our Company's accounting and auditing principles.

## Corporate Governance

The Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavours to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC') and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company's employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not required to do so.

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company's Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company's independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company review the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies.

## Code of Ethics

We have not adopted a formal Code of Ethics. The Board of Directors evaluated the business of the Company and the number of employees and determined that since the business is operated by a small number of persons, general rules of fiduciary duty and federal and state criminal, business conduct and securities laws are adequate ethical guidelines. In the event our operations, employees and/or Directors expand in the future, we may take actions to adopt a formal Code of Ethics.

## Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

To our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company.

## Shareholder Proposals

Our Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment.

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President, at the address appearing on the first page of this Information Statement.

## SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations by our officers and directors regarding their compliance with applicable reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements for our executive officers, directors and 10% stockholders were met during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## ITEM 11. COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR

The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, and the executive officers who served at the end of the year December 31, 2022 and 2021, for services rendered in all capacities to us.

Summary Compensation Table

| Name and  Principle  Position  Period  Salary  ($)  Bonus  ($)  Stock  Awards  ($)  Option  Awards  ($)  Non- Equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation  ($)  Non-qualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  Total  ($)  Xiaohao Tan,  Chief  Executive  Officer,  President,  Director (1)  For the year  ended  December 31,  2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  For the year  ended  December 31,  2021  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Xin Yang,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Director (2)  For the year  ended  December 31,  2022  27,860  7,866  -  -  -  -  -  35,726  For the year  ended  December 31,  2021  15,750  -  -  -  -  -  -  15,750   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We do not pay our directors any fees or other compensation for acting as directors. We have not paid any fees or other compensation to any of our directors for acting as directors to date.

## Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table

There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our Directors and executive officers may receive stock options at the discretion of our Board of Directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of our Board of Directors from time to time. We have no plans or arrangements in respect of remuneration received or that may be received by our executive officers to compensate such officers in the event of termination of employment (as a result of resignation, retirement, change of control) or a change of responsibilities following a change of control.

## Stock Option Grants

We have not granted any stock options to our executive officers since our incorporation.

## Employment Agreements

We do not have an employment or consulting agreement with any officers or Directors.

## Compensation Discussion and Analysis

## Director Compensation

Our Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors.

## Executive Compensation Philosophy

Our Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors reserves the right to pay our executive or any future executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer's performance. This package may also include long-term stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, while our Board of Directors has not granted any performance base stock options to date, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant such options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company.

## Incentive Bonus

The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officer and/or future executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company's best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives.

## Long-term, Stock Based Compensation

In order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company's long-term business strategy we may award our executive and any future executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award.

33

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 119,956,826 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock have been used throughout this report.

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022 certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company's common stock by (i) each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of Company's common stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group:

| Title of Class  Name and Address of  Shareholders  Amount and  Nature of  Shareholders  Ownership  Percent  of Class  Common Stock  Xiaohao Tan (i), (ii), (iii)  42,067,770  35.07%  Common Stock  Xin Yang (iii), (iv)  0  0%  Common Stock  Grand Progressive Holdings  Limited (i)  46,926,860  39.12%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Beneficial ownership also includes shares of stock subject to options and warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this table. In determining the percent of common stock owned by a person or entity as of the date of this Report, (a) the numerator is the number of shares of the class beneficially owned by

- (1) such person or entity, including shares which may be acquired within 60 days on exercise of warrants or options and conversion of convertible securities, and (b) the denominator is the sum of (i) the total shares of common stock outstanding on as of December 31, 2022 (119,956,826 shares), and (ii) the total number of shares that the beneficial owner may acquire upon exercise of the derivative securities. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of its shares.
- (2) Based on the total issued and outstanding shares of 119,956,826 as of December 31, 2022.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Due from related parties mainly consists of funds advanced to related parties. The balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the related parties had advanced of $8,138 and repaid of $320,486, and they had settled the remaining balance of $686 on May 2023.

Due to related parties mainly consists of borrowings for working capital purpose, related party's produce costs and rental expenses, the balances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed $853,331, from these related parties, and repaid to them of $158,055.

In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the related party M, Hunan Ezagoo Film Co., Limited, had provided the advertisement produce service of $5,334 to the Company, and the related party I, Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited provided the office rent service of $2,527 to the Company.

The difference of the advances and repayment amounts in US$ due to the different exchange rate used to evaluate the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For more related party transactions, see Note 5 &amp; 11 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions

Given our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our Directors will continue to approve any related party transaction.

## Director Independence

Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, Xiaohao Tan, who do not qualifies as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director's business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.

34

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years indicated.

ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

For the year ended December 31,

| 2022  2021  Audit Fees  (1)  $  47,325  $  44,850  Audit-Related Fees  (2)  -  -  Tax Fees  (3)  6,000  4,000  All Other Fees  (4)  -  -  Total  $  53,325  $  48,850   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years.

(2) This category consists of fees for assurance and related services by our independent registered public accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under 'Audit Fees.' The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

(3) This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning.

(4) This category consists of fees for services provided by our independent registered public accountants other than the services described above.

All of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board of directors.

All above audit services were pre-approved by the Board of Directors for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (HFCAA)

Our common stock may be prohibited from trading on a national exchange or 'over-the-counter' markets under the HFCAA if the PCAOB determines it is unable to inspect or investigate completely our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act ('AHFCAA'), which, if signed into law, would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer's securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three consecutive years.

Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021 which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China and (2) Hong Kong. In addition, the PCAOB's report identified the specific registered public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations.

Our auditor, TAAD, LLP, is headquartered in Southern California, and has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis. TAAD, LLP is a firm registered with the PCAOB and is required by the laws of the U.S. to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the U.S. and professional standards. TAAD, LLP has been subject to PCAOB inspections, and is not among the PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong that are subject to PCAOB's determination on December 16, 2021 of having been unable to inspect or investigate completely.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the future, if it is determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, or if there is any regulatory change or step taken by PRC regulators that does not permit TAAD, LLP to provide audit documentations located in China or Hong Kong to the PCAOB for inspection or investigation, or the PCAOB expands the scope of the Determination so that we are subject to the HFCAA, as the same may be amended, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected or investigated by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors' audits and their quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. which could result in limitation or restriction to our access to the U.S. capital markets and trading of our securities, including trading on the national exchange and trading on 'over-the-counter' markets, may be prohibited under the HFCAA. See 'Risk Factors Our shares may be delisted under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, or for

two consecutive years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act becomes law; and the delisting of our shares, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment' and 'Risk Factors -Newly enacted Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, recent regulatory actions taken by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq calling for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to China-based public companies could add uncertainties to our capital raising activities and compliance costs' for more information.

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

## (a) Financial Statements

The financial statements as listed in the accompanying 'Index to Financial Statements' as filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

All financial statements schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K.

## (b) Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed or 'furnished' herewith:

- 3.1 Articles of Incorporation**
- 3.2 Bylaws**
- 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal executive officer*
- 31.2 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of principal financial officer*
- 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of principal executive officer*
- 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of principal financial officer*
- 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document
- 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
- 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
- 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
- 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
- 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
- 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

* Filed herewith.

** As filed in the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-1 Amendment No.3 (File No. 333-228681) on May 3, 2019.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

| EZAGOO LIMITED  (Name of Registrant)  Date: June 7, 2023  By:  /s/ Tan, Xiaohao  Title:  Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, and  Director  Date: June 7, 2023  By:  /s/ Yang, Xin  Title:  Chief Financial Officer  37   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Page  Financial Statements  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 5854)  F-2  Consolidated Balance Sheets  F-3  Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income  F-4  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit  F-5  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  F-6  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-7 - F-14  F-1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Ezagoo Limited

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ezagoo Limited and subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

## Going Concern Matter

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB') and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters.

## /s/ TAAD LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018.

Diamond Bar, California

June 7, 2023

F-2

## EZAGOO LIMITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

## AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

| 2022  2021  ASSETS  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  $  454,980  $  559,119  Amount due from related parties  686  331,342  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  43,066  63,119  Income tax receivables  3,859  -  Total current assets  502,591  953,580   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment, net  1,124  11,324  Operating lease right-of-use assets  181,520  350,984  Total non-current assets  182,644  362,308  TOTAL ASSETS  $  685,235  $  1,315,888  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Account payable  $  20,594  $  28,638  Accrual, other payable and deposits received  411,411  251,135  Amount due to director  27,584  29,174  Amount due to related parties  2,342,816  1,808,441  Deferred revenue  2,837  111,388  Income tax payable  -  21,348  Operating lease liabilities, current  156,015  184,928  Total current liabilities  2,961,257  2,435,052  NON- CURRENT LIABILITIES  Operating lease liabilities, non-current  -  169,616  TOTAL LIABILITIES  2,961,257  2,604,668  STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, None issued and  outstanding  -  -  Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 600,000,000 shares authorized, 119,956,826  shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021  respectively  11,996  11,996  Additional paid-in capital  1,467,490  1,384,907  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  76,280  (107,503)  Accumulated deficit  (3,831,788)  (2,578,180)  TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  (2,276,022)  (1,288,780)  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  $  685,235  $  1,315,888   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## F-3

## EZAGOO LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

## (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

| For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  REVENUE  $  $  Related party  9  -  Non-related party  286,045  2,130,269  286,054  2,130,269  COSTS AND EXPENSES  Cost of revenue for short video produce costs, related party  (5,334)  (620,435)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Cost of revenue for rental and related costs  (44,661)  (61,933)  Cost of revenue for salaries and related expenses  (196,970)  (94,334)  Sales and marketing expenses  (136,186)  (154,763)  General and administrative expenses  (1,076,379)  (900,466)  TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES  (1,459,530)  (1,831,931)  OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)  (1,173,476)  298,338  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  Other income  7,046  7,346  Other expenses  (16)  (93)  Imputed interest expenses  (82,583)  (29,603)  TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)  (75,553)  (22,350)  INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX  (1,249,029)  275,988  INCOME TAX EXPENSE  (4,579)  (21,348)  NET INCOME (LOSS)  $  (1,253,608)  $  254,640  Other comprehensive income (loss):  Foreign exchange adjustment loss  183,783  (45,575)  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  $  (1,069,825)  $  209,065  -  Net income (loss) per share - Basic and diluted  $  (0.01)  $  0.00  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted  119,956,826  119,956,826   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## F-4

## EZAGOO LIMITED

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

| COMMON STOCK  ADDITIONAL  ACCUMULATED  OTHER  TOTAL  Number of  shares  Amount  PAID-IN  CAPITAL  COMPREHENSIVE  INCOME  ACCUMULATED  DEFICIT  STOCKHOLDERS'  DEFICIT  Balance as of  December 31, 2020  119,956,826  $11,996  $  1,308,646  $  (61,928) $  (2,832,820)  $  (1,574,106)  Reclassify imputed  interests of related  parties payable from  accrual liabilities  -  -  46,658  -  -  46,658  Imputed interests of  year 2021  -  -  29,603  -  -  29,603  Net income  -  -  -  -  254,640  254,640  Accumulated other  comprehensive loss  -  -  -  (45,575)  -  (45,575)  Balance as of  December 31, 2021  119,956,826  $11,996  $  1,384,907  $  (107,503) $  (2,578,180)  $  (1,288,780)  Imputed interests of  year 2022  -  -  82,583  -  -  82,583   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Net loss  -  -  -  -  (1,253,608)  (1,253,608)  Accumulated other  comprehensive  income  -  -  -  183,783  -  183,783  Balance as of  December 31, 2022  119,956,826  $11,996  $  1,467,490  $  76,280  $  (3,831,788)  $  (2,276,022)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

## F-5

## EZAGOO LIMITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$')

| For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:  Net income (loss)  $  (1,253,608)  $  254,640  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities  Imputed interest expense  82,583  29,603  Depreciation  10,200  10,806  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Deposit, prepayments, and other receivables  15,488  (42,723)  Accounts payable  (5,904)  9,454  Accrual and other payable  133,531  80,365  Receipts in advance  48,664  (311,070)  Deferred revenue  (102,326)  (1,494,902)  Income tax payable  (25,255)  21,348  Operating lease right-of-use assets  169,464  143,557  Operating lease liabilities  (198,529)  (139,997)  Net cash used in operating activities  (1,125,692)  (1,438,919)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  Proceeds from related parties  312,348  -  Funds advanced from related parties  695,276  1,174,209  Repayment to director  -  (6,460)  Net cash provided by financing activities  1,007,624  1,167,749  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  13,929  5,557  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (104,139)  (265,613)  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year  559,119  824,733  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR  $  454,980  $  559,119  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION  Income taxes paid  $  25,927  $  -  Interest paid  $  -  $  -  NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  Right-of-use asset exchanged for lease liability  $  -  $  494,541   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND

Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada corporation ('the Company') was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018.

On May 9, 2018 Tan, Xiaohao was appointed as President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director of the Company.

On May 9, 2018, our President, Tan, Xiaohao, purchased 90,050,500 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of $0.0001 (par value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were in the amount of $9,005 have gone directly to the Company for initial working capital.

On June 30, 2018 Zhang, Qianwen and Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC- Greenpro Asia Strategic Fund SP purchased 3,591,000 and 1,358,500 shares of restricted common stock respectively at a purchase price of $0.0001 (par value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were in the amount of $495, have gone directly to the Company for initial working capital.

On June 6, 2018 Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, acquired Ezagoo Limited, A Hong Kong Company, in consideration of $0.13.

Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company, acquired Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, on June 25, 2018 in consideration of $1. Ezagoo Holding Limited is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

On July 20, 2018, Ezagoo Limited, a Hong Kong Company, incorporated a new subsidiary in Changsha, China, called Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, whereas it is owned entirely (100%) by Ezagoo Limited, the Hong Kong Company. There was no consideration exchanged per the transaction.

The three companies above are under common control Mr. Tan, Xiaohao, the director of the Company, so they are related parties.

On July 20, 2018, Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, the Hong Kong Company, also referred to herein as 'CETL', entered into and consummated an agreement with Beijing Ezagoo Shopping Holding Limited, also referred to herein as 'BESH', and Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited, also referred to herein as 'RFLL', whereas CETL has the option to purchase all of the equity interests of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited), a Chinese, 'PRC' Company, from RFLL and BESH. These equity interests would make up 100% of the equity interests of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be a variable interest entity, also referred to herein as a 'VIE', to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.1, titled, 'Call Option Agreement'.

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have given CETL the right to appoint management of CETL to act as proxy to existing shareholders of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). This gives management of CETL the ability to conduct and control company affairs of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). Actions which management of CETL may be able to carry out include, but are not limited to, exercising voting rights as proxy of the existing shareholder(s), appointing new directors, hiring new management, and carrying out corporate actions. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.2, titled, 'Shareholder' Voting Rights Proxy Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018 CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have engaged CETL to provide management, financial, and other business services to Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). CETL is to be compensated with 100% of all profits generated by

Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited. This Agreement is effective as of July 20, 2018 and will continue in effect for a period of ten (10) years (the 'Initial Term'), and for succeeding periods of the same duration (each, 'Subsequent Term'), until terminated by one of the following means either during the Initial Term or thereafter: Mutual Consent, Termination by CETL, Breach or Insolvency. Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be a variable interest entity to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.3, titled, 'Management Services Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have pledged their equity interests in Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited), to CETL. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.4, titled, 'Equity Pledge Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into a loan agreement with BESH and RFLL wherein CETL will loan the amount of approximately CNY$100,000 (Chinese Yuan) to BESH and RFLL, all of which shall be used for the benefit of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). The total amount of the loan is due on, or before, December 31, 2018. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.5, titled, 'Loan Agreement.'

Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is the Company through which we operate, and which shares our business plan to provide video advertising on buses &amp; the Mobile APP.

On July 31, 2018 Xin Yang was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

On March 3, 2021, the Company incorporated a branch company of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, named Changsha branch of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, the reason to continue the operating in Changsha is we had adapted to the business environment and adjusted business strategy.

EZAGOO LIMITED and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the 'Company'.

F-7

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 2. GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES

As of December 31, 2022, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of $3,831,788 and operated a net loss of $1,253,608. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to meet the Company's obligations as they become due.

These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern.

## 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.

## ● Basis of consolidated presentation

These consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes, and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC'). These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ('US GAAP'). The Company's fiscal year end is December 31. The Company's financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of EZAGOO LIMITED and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation.

- Use of estimates

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

- Reclassification

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations.

- Foreign currencies translation and re-measurement

Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.

The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars ('US$') and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition, the Company's subsidiary in People's Republic of China maintains its books and record in its local currency, Chinese Yuan ('RMB'), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates.

In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, 'Translation of Financial Statement', using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within the statements of stockholders' deficit.

Translation of amounts from RMB into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods:

| As of and for the  year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Period-end RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.91  6.36  Period-average RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.73  6.45  Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.81  7.75  Period-average HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.83  7.75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.

- Account receivable

Account receivable are stated at the customer obligations due under normal trade terms net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

## F-8

## EZAGOO LIMITED

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

## (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## ● Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment

- 3-5 years

The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

- Lease

The Company accounts for its leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases. The Company leases office space. The Company concludes on whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination as to whether an arrangement contains a lease is based on an assessment as to whether a contract conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for period of time in exchange for consideration. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes these lease expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company has assessed its contracts and concluded that its leases consist of only operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## ● Revenue recognition

The Company assesses and follows the guidance of ASC 606, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps:

1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
- a. The parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations.
- b. The entity can identify each party's rights regarding the services to be transferred.
- c. The entity can identify the payment terms for the services to be transferred.
- d. The contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity's future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract).
- e. It is probable that the entity will collect substantially all of the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to the customer.
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- a. According to the contract, the Company and Customer has to maintain the performance obligation, respectively.
- b. The customer shall pay for the services and goods after signing of the contract and provide appropriate advertisement materials, and the delivery address &amp; contact information of the e-commerce order to the Company, the Company shall
10. ensure the published advertisement and delivered goods of the Customer according to the contract terms.
3. Determine the transaction price;

a. For the advertisement and e-commerce contract, the transaction price is explicitly stated in fixed amount in the contract. There is no variable consideration, such as discounts, rebates, consideration payable to customer or noncash consideration. There was no price concession, and the Company did not expect any price concession for the service performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

- b. The contract does not contain any elements that would cause consideration under the arrangement to be variable (Examples include discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, incentives, tiered pricing, price guarantees, right of return, etc.).
- c. There are no factors that exist whereby it is not probable that a significant reversal or revenues will not occur in the contract.
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
- a. There were no multiple performance obligations to which the transaction price must be allocated, and each contract only has one performance obligation. The standalone selling price is explicated stated in the contract.
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

Per ASC 606, an entity shall recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring

- a. a promised good or service (that is, an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset.

Revenue is recognized when the advertising service is performed. According to the sample advertising and e-commerce

- b. contract, upon obtaining the signed contract and order from the Customer, the service and goods' period would be started. Therefore, the revenue is recognized when the service and goods are completely provided and delivered at that point in time.

Under Topic 606, revenues are recognized when the promised services and goods have been confirmed and transferred to the consumers in amounts that reflect the consideration the customer expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company presents value added taxes ('VAT') as reductions of revenues. The Company recognizes revenues net of value added taxes ('VAT') and relevant charges.

During the year 2022, the Company's revenue mainly from providing advertising services on the Xindian application that developed by the Company ('advertisement income'), providing e-commerce trading of goods and products on ZCZX WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('trading income'), and providing e-commerce value-added service in Xindian &amp; LSM WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('commission income').

- Cost of revenues

Cost of revenue includes costs of goods sold and sales commissions expenses of e-commerce trading in ZCZX, production costs of short video advertisement, the operating salaries for the staffs who running the Xindian application and LSM, and online cloud and database expenses for e-commerce storage use on Xindian, ZCZX and LSM.

- Value-added taxes

Revenue is recognized net of value-added taxes ('VAT'). The VAT is based on gross sales price and VAT rates applicable to the Company is 13% of e-commerce trading income and 6% of commission income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of the VAT returns filed by the Company's subsidiaries in the PRC, have been and remain subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities for five years from the date of filing. VAT payables are included in accrued liabilities.

## ● Income taxes

The Company followed the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company recorded a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likelythan-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate.

The Company accounted for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax benefit recognized in accordance with ASC 740 are classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense.

- Earnings per share

The Company computes earnings per share ('EPS') in accordance with ASC Topic 260, 'Earnings per share'. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options, and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Any potential common shares in 2022 and 2021 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.

- Commitments and contingencies

Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.

- Related party transaction

A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company's securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company's management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

- Recent accounting pronouncements

In March 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-03, 'Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment,' which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. Step two of the goodwill impairment test measures a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying amount. The new guidance is effective prospectively but not applicable for us for the period ending December 31, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance as of March 30, 2021. An entity should not retroactively adopt the amendments in this update for interim financial statements already issued in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement. The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance.

The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.

F-10

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Office equipment  $  42,332  $  42,332  Less: Accumulated depreciation  (41,208)  (31,008)  Property, plant and equipment, net  $  1,124  $  11,324   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense, classified as operating expenses, was $10,200 and $10,806 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## 5. AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Related party F  $  -  $  331,342  Related party Q  686  -  Total amount due from related parties  $  686  $  331,342   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The related party F, Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. is 100% owns by Mr. Chengfu Tan, the father of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from him are $0 and $331,342, respectively. It was repaid and settled by the him in the second quarter of year 2022.

The amount due from related party Q, Grand Progressive Holdings Limited, is 100% owns by GP Brightlight Foundation (that is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan), and it's also a shareholder of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from them are $686 and $0, respectively. It was repaid and settled by them in second quarter of year 2023.

## 6. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Prepayments  $  43,066  $  63,119  Total deposits, prepayments and other receivables  $  43,066  $  63,119   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the balance $43,066 represented an outstanding prepayment which included rent prepayment, and related costs. As of December 31, 2021, the balance $63,119 represented outstanding prepaid expenses which included rent prepayment, and housing funds.

## 7. ACCOUNT PAYABLE

Account payable consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Account payable  $  20,594  $  28,638  Total  $  20,594  $  28,638   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our account payable are $20,594 and $28,638, respectively. These account payables were ZXZC's e-commence costs payables to vendors in 2022, and bus rental payables in 2021.

## 8. ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED

Accrual, other payable and deposits received consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Accrual  $  32,424  $  40,492  Other payable  277,283  151,581  Deposits received from customers  101,704  59,062  Total other payable and accrued liabilities  $  411,411  $  251,135   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrual includes the audit fee &amp; other accrued expenses. Other payable include the PRC tax payable, salaries payable, and rent payable. Deposits received from customers are advertisement service and e-commerce trading fee paid in advance by customers.

## 9. DEFERRED REVENUE

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred revenue  $  2,837  $  111,388  Total deferred revenue  $  2,837  $  111,388   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our deferred revenue are $2,837 and $111,388, respectively. These deferred revenues were expected to be recognized as revenue during the year 2023.

## 10. AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a director of the Company advanced $27,584 and $29,174 to the Company, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

## F-11

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 11. AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Amount due to related party B  $  215,520  $  234,307  Amount due to related party C  23,330  25,364  Amount due to related party D  242,630  27,288  Amount due to related party E  124,850  134,591  Amount due to related party G  262,309  286,759  Amount due to related party H  7,486  8,138  Amount due to related party I  2,461  4,835  Amount due to related party J  772,898  291,105  Amount due to related party K  39,079  42,486  Amount due to related party L  20,893  20,893  Amount due to related party M  345,049  463,892  Amount due to related party N  135,321  162,852  Amount due to related party O  118,684  70,809  Amount due to related party P  32,306  35,122   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Total  $  2,342,816  $  1,808,441   |
|-------------------------------------|

Related party B is Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd.), Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a shareholder of Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd.), which is 100% owned by Chengfu Tan, who is Xiaohao Tan's father. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party B advanced $215,520 and $234,307 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party C is Ms. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Weihong Wan is a shareholder and Legal Company Representative of Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party C advanced $23,330 and $25,364 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party D is Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Qianwen Zhang is also the Legal Company Representative of related party G, Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party D advanced $242,630 and $27,288 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party E is Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce Limited, Mr. Cheng Zhang is the Legal Company Representative of the Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce Limited and BEZL. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party E advanced $124,850 and $134,591 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party G is Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. Mr. Xiaohao Tan and his wife, Ms Qianwen Zhang owns equity of 92% and 8%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party G advanced $262,309 and $286,759 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party H is Hunan Yijiaren Hotel Limited, it's owns 90% and 10% by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited and Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party H advanced $7,486 and $8,138 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party I is Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited. It's owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited, and related party G, Hunan Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Ltd. with equity of 80% and 20%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company had rental expenses of $2,461 that due to related party I. For the years ended December 31, 2021, related party I advanced $4,835 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party J is Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited. Its two main equity owners are related party N, Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Ltd and Mr. Xiaohao Tan with equity of 71.85% and 21.42%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party J advanced $772,898 and $291,105 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party K is Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Xiaohao Tan, is a Legal Company Representative of related party K. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party K advanced $39,079 and $42,486 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party L is Ezagoo B&amp;R (HongKong) Industry Development Group Limited, which is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party L advanced $20,893 and $20,893 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party M is Hunan Ezagoo Film Co., Limited, which 85% of its equity is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has $345,049 and $463,892 advertising production cost payable to related party M, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term.

Related party N is Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Limited, which is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party N advanced $135,321 and $162,852 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party O is Hunan Little Penguin Culture Communication Co., Limited, which 95% and 5% of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited and Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party N advanced $118,684 and $70,809 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party P is Hunan Yuancheng Shengwang Marketing Co., Limited, which 82% of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party P advanced $32,306 and $35,122 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

| Disclosure of related parties' transactions  For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  Imputed interest expenses to director  $  1,222  $  849  Imputed interest expenses to related parties  85,431  56,349  Imputed interest income from related parties  (4,070)  (27,595)  Total imputed interest expenses (income)  $  82,583  $  29,603  Commission income, related parties  $  9  $  -  Cost of revenue, related parties  $  5,334  $  620,435  Office rental fee  $  2,527  $  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

F-12

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 12. INCOME TAXES

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the local (United States) and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were comprised of the following:

| For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  Tax jurisdictions from:  $  $  - Local  (62,192)  (83,684)  - Foreign, representing  Seychelles  -  -  Hong Kong  (3,848)  (1,301)  China  (1,182,989)  360,973  Income (loss) before income tax  $  (1,249,029)  $  275,988   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Current:  $  $  - Local  4,579  21,348  - Foreign  -  -  Deferred:  - Local  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - Foreign  -  -  Income tax expense  $  4,579  $  21,348   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|

## Effective and Statutory Rate Reconciliation

The following table summarizes a reconciliation of the Company's blended statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations before taxes:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Statutory tax rate:  21.0%  21.0%  Change in income tax valuation allowance  (28.4)%  (21.0)%  Effective tax rate  (7.4)%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. the Company has subsidiaries that operate in various countries: United States, Seychelles, Hong Kong and China that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows:

## United States of America

The Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America and the tax rate is 21%. As of December 31, 2022 the operations in the United States of America incurred $13,060 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards, if unutilized. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of $13,060 against the U.S. deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future.

The Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA) enacted in late 2017 added rules that require the US parent company to include in income certain low taxed income. The company is subject to the these so called GILTI (Global Intangible Low-taxed Income) rules due to their presence in the China, Hong Kong and the Seychelles. The GILTI tax has been properly reflected in their tax provision calculation as of December 31, 2022.

## Seychelles

Under the current laws of the Seychelles, Ezagoo Holding Limited is registered as an international business company which governs by the International Business Companies Act of Seychelles and there is no income tax charged in Seychelles.

## Hong Kong

Ezagoo (HK) Limited is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income rate of 16.5% on its assessable income.

## People's Republic of China

Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited and its Changsha Branch company are operating in the People's Republic of China ('PRC') subject to the Corporate Income Tax governed by the Income Tax Law of the People's Republic of China with a unified statutory income tax rate of 25%. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the operations in People's Republic of China generated the net loss of $1,182,989 which can be used to offset the future taxable income over the next 5 years, from year 2023 to year 2027.

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  $  $  Net operating loss carryforwards  - United States of America  13,060  32,526  - Hong Kong  4,821  4,186   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - The PRC  889,891  594,144  907,772  630,856  Less: valuation allowance  (907,722)  (630,856)  Deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -  F-13   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## 13. OPERATING LEASE

The Company has four operating lease agreement for the office space, the first one is in Beijing China with remaining lease term of 0.92 years, the second is in Beijing China with remaining lease term of 0.83 years, the third is in Changsha, Hunan China that paid month by month rent as of December 31, 2022 after the lease ends, the fourth is in Changsha, Hunan China with remaining lease term of 0.58 years. Alease with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components of its leases as a single lease component. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The details lease terms are shown as followings:

| Lease agreement  Expiry Date  Original Lease Term  The Remaining Lease Term  1 st  Beijing office rent  Dec 9, 2023  2.67 years  0.92 year  2 nd  Beijing office rent  Oct 22, 2023  1 year  0.83 year  3 rd  Changsha office rent  Nov 15, 2020  3 years  Month by month  4 th  Changsha office rent, related party  Aug 1, 2023  1 year  0.58 year   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives.

This standard did not have a significant impact on our liquidity or on our compliance with our financial covenants associated with our loans.

The components of lease expense and supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the period are as follows:

## (a) Rent expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred rent expenses solely for the office premises on a monthly basis as follows:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Lease Cost  Operating lease cost (included in general and administration in the Company's audited  statement of operations)  $  180,579  $  156,870  Other Information  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year  $  185,835  $  153,364  Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases (in years)  0.92  1.83  Average discount rate - operating leases  4.35%  4.35%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the period is as follows:

| Operating leases  Operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Total operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Operating lease liabilities- current portion  $  156,015  $  184,928  Operating lease liabilities- non-current portion  -  169,616  Total operating lease liabilities  $  156,015  $  354,544   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturities of the Company's lease liabilities are as follows:

| Period ending December 31,  2023  $  159,312  Total lease payments  159,312  Less: Imputed interest/present value discount  (3,297)  Present value of lease liabilities  $  156,015   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Lease expenses were $180,579 and $156,870 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## 14. COMMON STOCK

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has 119,956,826 shares issued and outstanding. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

## 15. ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a total additional paid-in capital - capital contribution balance of $1,467,490 and $1,384,907, respectively.

## 16. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments, which potentially the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash. The Company minimizes the concentration of credit risk associated with its cash by maintaining its cash with high-quality insured financial institutions. However, cash balances in excess of Chinese government (Deposit insurance regulations, effective from May 1, 2015) insured limit of RMB500,000 (approximately of $72,369) are at risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $454,980 and $559,119, with $65,322 and $84,209 was not insured, respectively. The cash that not insured are deposits in non-traditional bank accounts or financial institutions.

## 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

As of December 31, 2022, the Company advanced a total amount of $686 to a related party. They had repaid and settled the amount of $686 at May 2023.

In accordance with ASC Topic 855, 'Subsequent Events', which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred up to June 6, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to issue. Based upon this evaluation, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements other than the above.

- I, Xiaohao Tan, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EZAGOO LIMITED (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022;
2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision,
- b. to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
- Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
- c. about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the

d.

registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which

- a. are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 7, 2023

By: /s/ Tan, Xiaohao

Tan, Xiaohao Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director

## CERTIFICATION

- I, Xin Yang, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EZAGOO LIMITED (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022;
2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control to be designed under our supervision,
- b. to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
- Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
- c. about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
- evaluation; and
- Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the

registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially d.

affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which

- a. are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
2. and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: June 7, 2023

By: /s/ Yang, Xin

Yang, Xin Chief Financial Officer

## CERTIFICATION

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of EZAGOO LIMITED (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.

Date: June 7, 2023

By: /s/ Tan, Xiaohao

Tan, Xiaohao Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer, Director

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of EZAGOO LIMITED (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), The undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.

Date: June 7, 2023

By: /s/ Yang, Xin

Yang, Xin Chief Financial Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

## EXHIBIT 32.2

Cover - USD ($)

12 Months Ended

| $ in Millions Dec. 31, 2022 Jun. 05, 2023 Cover [Abstract] Document Type 10-K Amendment Flag false Document Annual Report true Document Transition Report false Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2022 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Document Fiscal Year Focus 2022 Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity File Number 000-1752372 Entity Registrant Name EZAGOO LIMITED Entity Central Index Key 0001752372 Entity Tax Identification Number 30-1077936 Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV Entity Address, Address Line One Rm 205, 2/F, Building 17 Entity Address, Address Line Two Yard 1, Li Ze Road Entity Address, City or Town Feng Tai District Entity Address, Country CN Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 100073 City Area Code 86 Local Phone Number 139 751 09168 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Interactive Data Current No Entity Filer Category Non-accelerated Filer Entity Small Business true Entity Emerging Growth Company true Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Periodfalse Entity Shell Company false Entity Public Float $ 27.5 Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 119,956,826 ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag false Auditor Firm ID 5854 Auditor Name TAAD LLP Auditor Location Diamond Bar, California   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| Consolidated Balance Sheets  - USD ($)  Dec. 31,  2022  Dec. 31,  2021  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  $ 454,980  $ 559,119  Amount due from related parties  686  331,342  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  43,066  63,119  Income tax receivables  3,859  Total current assets  502,591  953,580  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment, net  1,124  11,324  Operating lease right-of-use assets  181,520  350,984  Total non-current assets  182,644  362,308  TOTAL ASSETS  685,235  1,315,888  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Account payable  20,594  28,638  Accrual, other payable and deposits received  411,411  251,135  Amount due to director  27,584  29,174  Amount due to related parties  2,342,816  1,808,441  Deferred revenue  2,837  111,388  Income tax payable  21,348  Operating lease liabilities, current  156,015  184,928  Total current liabilities  2,961,257  2,435,052  NON- CURRENT LIABILITIES  Operating lease liabilities, non-current  169,616  TOTAL LIABILITIES  2,961,257  2,604,668  STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, None issued and  outstanding  Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 600,000,000 shares authorized, 119,956,826 shares  issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively  11,996  11,996  Additional paid-in capital  1,467,490  1,384,907  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  76,280  (107,503)  Accumulated deficit  (3,831,788)(2,578,180)  TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  (2,276,022)(1,288,780)  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT  $ 685,235  $  1,315,888   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) - $ / shares Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]

Preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001 $ 0.0001 Preferred stock, shares authorized 200,000,000 200,000,000 Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock, par value $ 0.0001 $ 0.0001 Common stock, shares authorized 600,000,000 600,000,000 Common stock, shares issued 119,956,826 119,956,826 Common stock, shares outstanding 119,956,826 119,956,826

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

REVENUE

Related party

Non-related party

Revenue

COSTS AND EXPENSES

Cost of revenue for short video produce costs, related party

Cost of revenue for rental and related costs

Cost of revenue for salaries and related expenses

Sales and marketing expenses

General and administrative expenses

TOTAL COSTS AND EXPENSES

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS)

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)

Other income

Other expenses

Imputed interest expenses

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES)

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

NET INCOME (LOSS)

Other comprehensive income (loss):

Foreign exchange adjustment loss

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Net income (loss) per share - Basic and diluted

## 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

$ 9

286,045

286,054

(5,334)

(44,661)

(196,970)

(136,186)

(1,076,379)

(1,459,530)

(1,173,476)

7,046

(16)

(82,583)

(75,553)

(1,249,029)

(4,579)

(1,253,608)

2,130,269

2,130,269

(620,435)

(61,933)

(94,334)

(154,763)

(900,466)

(1,831,931)

298,338

7,346

(93)

(29,603)

(22,350)

275,988

(21,348)

254,640

183,783

(45,575)

$ (1,069,825) $ 209,065

$ (0.01)

$ 0.00

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - Basic and diluted 119,956,826

119,956,826

## Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit - USD ($) Common Stock [Member] Additional Paidin Capital [Member] AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Total

| Beginning Balance at Dec. 31, 2020 $ 11,996 $ 1,308,646 $ (61,928) $ (2,832,820) $ (1,574,106) Beginning balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2020 119,956,826 Reclassify imputed interests of related parties payable from accrual liabilities 46,658 46,658 Imputed interests of year 2022 29,603 29,603 Net income (loss) 254,640 254,640 Accumulated other comprehensive income (45,575) (45,575) Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2021 $ 11,996 1,384,907 (107,503) (2,578,180) (1,288,780) Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2021 119,956,826 Imputed interests of year 2022 82,583 82,583 Net income (loss) (1,253,608) (1,253,608) Accumulated other comprehensive income 183,783 183,783 Ending Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 $ 11,996 $ 1,467,490 $ 76,280 $ (3,831,788) $ (2,276,022) Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2022 119,956,826   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of

Cash Flows - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) $ (1,253,608) $ 254,640 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Imputed interest expense 82,583 29,603 Depreciation 10,200 10,806 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Deposit, prepayments, and other receivables 15,488 (42,723) Accounts payable (5,904) 9,454 Accrual and other payable 133,531 80,365 Receipts in advance 48,664 (311,070) Deferred revenue (102,326) (1,494,902) Income tax payable (25,255) 21,348 Operating lease right-of-use assets 169,464 143,557 Operating lease liabilities (198,529) (139,997) Net cash used in operating activities (1,125,692) (1,438,919) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from related parties 312,348 Funds advanced from related parties 695,276 1,174,209 Repayment to director (6,460) Net cash provided by financing activities 1,007,624 1,167,749 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 13,929 5,557 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (104,139) (265,613) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 559,119 824,733 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 454,980 559,119 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOWS INFORMATION Income taxes paid 25,927 Interest paid NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Right-of-use asset exchanged for lease liability $ 494,541

## ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND

## Accounting Policies [Abstract] ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND

Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada corporation ('the Company') was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 9, 2018.

On May 9, 2018 Tan, Xiaohao was appointed as President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director of the Company.

On May 9, 2018, our President, Tan, Xiaohao, purchased 90,050,500 shares of restricted common stock at a purchase price of $0.0001 (par value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were in the amount of $9,005 have gone directly to the Company for initial working capital.

On June 30, 2018 Zhang, Qianwen and Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC- Greenpro Asia Strategic Fund SP purchased 3,591,000 and 1,358,500 shares of restricted common stock respectively at a purchase price of $0.0001 (par value) per share. The proceeds from the sale, which were in the amount of $495, have gone directly to the Company for initial working capital.

On June 6, 2018 Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, acquired Ezagoo Limited, A Hong Kong Company, in consideration of $0.13.

Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company, acquired Ezagoo Holding Limited, a Seychelles Company, on June 25, 2018 in consideration of $1. Ezagoo Holding Limited is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

On July 20, 2018, Ezagoo Limited, a Hong Kong Company, incorporated a new subsidiary in Changsha, China, called Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, whereas it is owned entirely (100%) by Ezagoo Limited, the Hong Kong Company. There was no consideration exchanged per the transaction.

The three companies above are under common control Mr. Tan, Xiaohao, the director of the Company, so they are related parties.

On July 20, 2018, Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, the Hong Kong Company, also referred to herein as 'CETL', entered into and consummated an agreement with Beijing Ezagoo Shopping Holding Limited, also referred to herein as 'BESH', and Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited, also referred to herein as 'RFLL', whereas CETL has the option to purchase all of the equity interests of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited), a Chinese, 'PRC' Company, from RFLL and BESH. These equity interests would make up 100% of the equity interests of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be a variable interest entity, also referred to herein as a 'VIE', to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.1, titled, 'Call Option Agreement'.

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have given CETL the right to appoint management of CETL to act as proxy to existing shareholders of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). This gives management of CETL the ability to conduct and control company affairs of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited).

Actions which management of CETL may be able to carry out include, but are not limited to, exercising voting rights as proxy of the existing shareholder(s), appointing new directors, hiring new management, and carrying out corporate actions. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.2, titled, 'Shareholder' Voting Rights Proxy Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018 CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have engaged CETL to provide management, financial, and other business services to Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). CETL is to be compensated with 100% of all profits generated by Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited. This Agreement is effective as of July 20, 2018 and will continue in effect for a period of ten (10) years (the 'Initial Term'), and for succeeding periods of the same duration (each, 'Subsequent Term'), until terminated by one of the following means either during the Initial Term or thereafter: Mutual Consent, Termination by CETL, Breach or Insolvency. Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is considered to be a variable interest entity to Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, and therefore a VIE of the issuer, Ezagoo Limited, a Nevada Company. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.3, titled, 'Management Services Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have pledged their equity interests in Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited), to CETL. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.4, titled, 'Equity Pledge Agreement.'

On July 20, 2018, CETL entered into a loan agreement with BESH and RFLL wherein CETL will loan the amount of approximately CNY$100,000 (Chinese Yuan) to BESH and RFLL, all of which shall be used for the benefit of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). The total amount of the loan is due on, or before, December 31, 2018. More information regarding this agreement can be found in exhibit 10.5, titled, 'Loan Agreement.'

Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited) is the Company through which we operate, and which shares our business plan to provide video advertising on buses &amp; the Mobile APP.

On July 31, 2018 Xin Yang was appointed Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

On March 3, 2021, the Company incorporated a branch company of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, named Changsha branch of Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited, the reason to continue the operating in Changsha is we had adapted to the business environment and adjusted business strategy.

EZAGOO LIMITED and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the 'Company'.

EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES

Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES

12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 2. GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES

As of December 31, 2022, the Company suffered an accumulated deficit of $3,831,788 and operated a net loss of $1,253,608. The continuation of the Company as a going concern through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon improving the profitability and the continuing financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing shareholders or external financing will provide the additional cash to meet the Company's obligations as they become due.

These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern.

## SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Accounting Policies [Abstract] SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accompanying audited consolidated financial statements reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described in this note and elsewhere in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes.

- Basis of consolidated presentation

These consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes, and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC'). These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ('US GAAP'). The Company's fiscal year end is December 31. The Company's financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of EZAGOO LIMITED and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation.

- Use of estimates

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

- Reclassification

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations.

- Foreign currencies translation and re-measurement

Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.

The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars ('US$') and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition, the Company's subsidiary in People's Republic of China maintains its books and record in its local currency, Chinese Yuan ('RMB'), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates.

In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, 'Translation of Financial Statement', using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within the statements of stockholders' deficit.

Translation of amounts from RMB into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods:

| As of and for the  year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Period-end RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.91  6.36  Period-average RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.73  6.45  Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.81  7.75  Period-average HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.83  7.75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ● Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.

## ● Account receivable

Account receivable are stated at the customer obligations due under normal trade terms net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

- Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

## Office equipment 3-5 years

The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

- Lease

The Company accounts for its leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases. The Company leases office space. The Company concludes on whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination as to whether an arrangement contains a lease is based on an assessment as to whether a contract conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for period of time in exchange for consideration. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes these lease expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company has assessed its contracts and concluded that its leases consist of only operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company's leases do not

provide an implicit rate, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straightline basis over the lease term.

## ● Revenue recognition

The Company assesses and follows the guidance of ASC 606, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps:

## 1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer;

The parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or

- a. in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations.
- b. The entity can identify each party's rights regarding the services to be transferred.
- c. The entity can identify the payment terms for the services to be transferred.
- d. The contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity's future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract). It is probable that the entity will collect substantially all of the consideration to
- e. which it will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to the customer.
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- a. According to the contract, the Company and Customer has to maintain the performance obligation, respectively.
8. The customer shall pay for the services and goods after signing of the contract and provide appropriate advertisement materials, and the delivery address &amp;
- b. contact information of the e-commerce order to the Company, the Company shall ensure the published advertisement and delivered goods of the Customer according to the contract terms.

## 3. Determine the transaction price;

For the advertisement and e-commerce contract, the transaction price is explicitly stated in fixed amount in the contract. There is no variable consideration, such as discounts, rebates, consideration payable to customer or

- a. noncash consideration. There was no price concession, and the Company did not expect any price concession for the service performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
- b. The contract does not contain any elements that would cause consideration under the arrangement to be variable (Examples include discounts, rebates, refunds,
3. credits, incentives, tiered pricing, price guarantees, right of return, etc.).
- c. There are no factors that exist whereby it is not probable that a significant reversal or revenues will not occur in the contract.
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

There were no multiple performance obligations to which the transaction price

- a. must be allocated, and each contract only has one performance obligation. The standalone selling price is explicated stated in the contract.
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

Per ASC 606, an entity shall recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service (that is, an

- a. asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset.

Revenue is recognized when the advertising service is performed. According to the sample advertising and e-commerce contract, upon obtaining the signed

- b. contract and order from the Customer, the service and goods' period would be started. Therefore, the revenue is recognized when the service and goods are completely provided and delivered at that point in time.

Under Topic 606, revenues are recognized when the promised services and goods have been confirmed and transferred to the consumers in amounts that reflect the consideration the customer expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company presents value added taxes ('VAT') as reductions of revenues. The Company recognizes revenues net of value added taxes ('VAT') and relevant charges.

During the year 2022, the Company's revenue mainly from providing advertising services on the Xindian application that developed by the Company ('advertisement income'), providing e-commerce trading of goods and products on ZCZX WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('trading income'), and providing e-commerce value-added service in Xindian &amp; LSM WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('commission income').

## ● Cost of revenues

Cost of revenue includes costs of goods sold and sales commissions expenses of e-commerce trading in ZCZX, production costs of short video advertisement, the operating salaries for the staffs who running the Xindian application and LSM, and online cloud and database expenses for ecommerce storage use on Xindian, ZCZX and LSM.

- Value-added taxes

Revenue is recognized net of value-added taxes ('VAT'). The VAT is based on gross sales price and VAT rates applicable to the Company is 13% of e-commerce trading income and 6% of commission income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of the VAT returns filed by the Company's subsidiaries in the PRC, have been and remain subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities for five years from the date of filing. VAT payables are included in accrued liabilities.

- Income taxes

The Company followed the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company recorded a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate.

The Company accounted for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax benefit recognized in accordance with ASC 740 are classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense.

EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## ● Earnings per share

The Company computes earnings per share ('EPS') in accordance with ASC Topic 260, 'Earnings per share'. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options, and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Any potential common shares in 2022 and 2021 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.

## ● Commitments and contingencies

Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.

## ● Related party transaction

A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company's securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company's management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

## ● Recent accounting pronouncements

In March 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-03, 'Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment,' which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. Step two of the goodwill impairment test measures a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying amount. The new guidance is effective prospectively but not applicable for us for the period ending December 31, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance as of March 30, 2021. An entity should not retroactively adopt the amendments in this update for interim financial statements already issued in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement. The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance.

The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

## (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 4. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Office equipment  $  42,332  $  42,332  Less: Accumulated depreciation  (41,208)  (31,008)  Property, plant and equipment, net  $  1,124  $  11,324   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense, classified as operating expenses, was $10,200 and $10,806 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

## Related Party Transactions [Abstract] AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 5. AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Related party F  $  -  $  331,342  Related party Q  686  -  Total amount due from related parties  $  686  $  331,342   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The related party F, Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. is 100% owns by Mr. Chengfu Tan, the father of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from him are $0 and $331,342, respectively. It was repaid and settled by the him in the second quarter of year 2022.

The amount due from related party Q, Grand Progressive Holdings Limited, is 100% owns by GP Brightlight Foundation (that is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan), and it's also a shareholder of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount due from them are $686 and $0, respectively. It was repaid and settled by them in second quarter of year 2023.

## DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## Deposits Prepayments And Other Receivables

## DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS 6. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

AND OTHER

RECEIVABLES

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Prepayments  $  43,066  $  63,119  Total deposits, prepayments and other receivables  $  43,066  $  63,119   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the balance $43,066 represented an outstanding prepayment which included rent prepayment, and related costs. As of December 31, 2021, the balance $63,119 represented outstanding prepaid expenses which included rent prepayment, and housing funds.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## ACCOUNT PAYABLE

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract] ACCOUNT PAYABLE

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 7. ACCOUNT PAYABLE

Account payable consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Account payable  $  20,594  $  28,638  Total  $  20,594  $  28,638   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our account payable are $20,594 and $28,638, respectively. These account payables were ZXZC's e-commence costs payables to vendors in 2022, and bus rental payables in 2021.

## ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED

## Accrual Other Payable And Deposits Received ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED

## 8. ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED

Accrual, other payable and deposits received consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Accrual  $  32,424  $  40,492  Other payable  277,283  151,581  Deposits received from customers  101,704  59,062  Total other payable and accrued liabilities  $  411,411  $  251,135   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accrual includes the audit fee &amp; other accrued expenses. Other payable include the PRC tax payable, salaries payable, and rent payable. Deposits received from customers are advertisement service and e-commerce trading fee paid in advance by customers.

## DEFERRED REVENUE

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract] DEFERRED REVENUE 9. DEFERRED REVENUE

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred revenue  $  2,837  $  111,388  Total deferred revenue  $  2,837  $  111,388   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our deferred revenue are $2,837 and $111,388, respectively. These deferred revenues were expected to be recognized as revenue during the year 2023.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR

Amount Due To Director AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 10. AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a director of the Company advanced $27,584 and $29,174 to the Company, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## AMOUNT DUE TO

## RELATED PARTIES

## Amount Due To Related Parties AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 11. AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Amount due to related party B  $  215,520  $  234,307  Amount due to related party C  23,330  25,364  Amount due to related party D  242,630  27,288  Amount due to related party E  124,850  134,591  Amount due to related party G  262,309  286,759  Amount due to related party H  7,486  8,138  Amount due to related party I  2,461  4,835  Amount due to related party J  772,898  291,105  Amount due to related party K  39,079  42,486  Amount due to related party L  20,893  20,893  Amount due to related party M  345,049  463,892  Amount due to related party N  135,321  162,852  Amount due to related party O  118,684  70,809  Amount due to related party P  32,306  35,122  Total  $  2,342,816  $  1,808,441   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Related party B is Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd.), Hunan Homestead Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a shareholder of Changsha Boyi Zhicheng Management Consulting Co., Ltd. (former named: Hunan Ezagoo Shopping Co. Ltd.), which is 100% owned by Chengfu Tan, who is Xiaohao Tan's father. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party B advanced $215,520 and $234,307 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party C is Ms. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Weihong Wan is a shareholder and Legal Company Representative of Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. For the years ended ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party C advanced $23,330 and $25,364 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party D is Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan. Ms. Qianwen Zhang is also the Legal Company Representative of related party G, Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party D advanced $242,630 and $27,288 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party E is Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce Limited, Mr. Cheng Zhang is the Legal Company Representative of the Changsha Kexibeier E-commerce Limited and BEZL. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party E advanced $124,850 and $134,591 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party G is Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Limited. Mr. Xiaohao Tan and his wife, Ms Qianwen Zhang owns equity of 92% and 8%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party G advanced $262,309 and $286,759 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party H is Hunan Yijiaren Hotel Limited, it's owns 90% and 10% by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited and Ms. Qianwen Zhang, the wife of Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party H advanced $7,486 and $8,138 to the Company as working capital, which is unsecured, interestfree with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party I is Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited. It's owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited, and related party G, Hunan Kuaile Motors Camping Site Investment Development Ltd. with equity of 80% and 20%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, the Company had rental expenses of $2,461 that due to related party I. For the years ended December 31, 2021, related party I advanced $4,835 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party J is Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited. Its two main equity owners are related party N, Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Ltd and Mr. Xiaohao Tan with equity of 71.85% and 21.42%, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party J advanced $772,898 and $291,105 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party K is Ruiyin (Shenzhen) Financial Leasing Limited. Weihong Wan, Assistant and Secretary of Xiaohao Tan, is a Legal Company Representative of related party K. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party K advanced $39,079 and $42,486 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party L is Ezagoo B&amp;R (HongKong) Industry Development Group Limited, which is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party L advanced $20,893 and $20,893 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party M is Hunan Ezagoo Film Co., Limited, which 85% of its equity is owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has $345,049 and $463,892 advertising production cost payable to related party M, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term.

Related party N is Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co., Limited, which is 100% owns by Mr. Xiaohao Tan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party N advanced $135,321 and $162,852 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party O is Hunan Little Penguin Culture Communication Co., Limited, which 95% and 5% of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited and Mr. Xiaohao Tan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party N advanced $118,684 and $70,809 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Related party P is Hunan Yuancheng Shengwang Marketing Co., Limited, which 82% of its equity is owns by related party J, Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related party P advanced $32,306 and $35,122 to the Company as working capital and to pay administrative expenses, which is unsecured, interest-free with no fixed payment term, for working capital purpose.

Disclosure of related parties' transactions

For the year ended December 31,

| 2022  2021  Imputed interest expenses to director  $  1,222  $  849  Imputed interest expenses to related parties  85,431  56,349  Imputed interest income from related parties  (4,070)  (27,595)  Total imputed interest expenses (income)  $  82,583  $  29,603  Commission income, related parties  $  9  $  -  Cost of revenue, related parties  $  5,334  $  620,435  Office rental fee  $  2,527  $  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

(Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## INCOME TAXES

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] INCOME TAXES

## 12. INCOME TAXES

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the local (United States) and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were comprised of the following:

| For the year ended December  31,  2022  2021  Tax jurisdictions from:  $  $  - Local  (62,192)  (83,684)  - Foreign, representing  Seychelles  -  -  Hong Kong  (3,848)  (1,301)  China  (1,182,989)  360,973  Income (loss) before income tax  $  (1,249,029)  $  275,988   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Current:  $  $  - Local  4,579  21,348  - Foreign  -  -  Deferred:  - Local  -  -  - Foreign  -  -  Income tax expense  $  4,579  $  21,348   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Effective and Statutory Rate Reconciliation

The following table summarizes a reconciliation of the Company's blended statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations before taxes:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Statutory tax rate:  21.0%  21.0%  Change in income tax valuation allowance  (28.4)%  (21.0)%  Effective tax rate  (7.4)%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective tax rate in the periods presented is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rates. the Company has subsidiaries that operate in various countries: United States, Seychelles, Hong Kong and China that are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows:

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## United States of America

The Company is registered in the State of Nevada and is subject to the tax laws of the United States of America and the tax rate is 21%. As of December 31, 2022 the operations in the United States of America incurred $13,060 of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards, if unutilized. The Company has provided for a full valuation allowance of $13,060 against the U.S. deferred tax assets on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future.

The Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA) enacted in late 2017 added rules that require the US parent company to include in income certain low taxed income. The company is subject to the these so called GILTI (Global Intangible Low-taxed Income) rules due to their presence in the China, Hong Kong and the Seychelles. The GILTI tax has been properly reflected in their tax provision calculation as of December 31, 2022.

## Seychelles

Under the current laws of the Seychelles, Ezagoo Holding Limited is registered as an international business company which governs by the International Business Companies Act of Seychelles and there is no income tax charged in Seychelles.

## Hong Kong

Ezagoo (HK) Limited is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax, which is charged at the statutory income rate of 16.5% on its assessable income.

## People's Republic of China

Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited, Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited and its Changsha Branch company are operating in the People's Republic of China ('PRC') subject to the Corporate Income Tax governed by the Income Tax Law of the People's Republic of China with a unified statutory income tax rate of 25%. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the operations in People's Republic of China generated the net loss of $1,182,989 which can be used to offset the future taxable income over the next 5 years, from year 2023 to year 2027.

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  $  $  Net operating loss carryforwards  - United States of America  13,060  32,526  - Hong Kong  4,821  4,186  - The PRC  889,891  594,144  907,772  630,856  Less: valuation allowance  (907,722)  (630,856)  Deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021

## (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## OPERATING LEASE

## Operating Lease OPERATING LEASE

## 13. OPERATING LEASE

The Company has four operating lease agreement for the office space, the first one is in Beijing China with remaining lease term of 0.92 years, the second is in Beijing China with remaining lease term of 0.83 years, the third is in Changsha, Hunan China that paid month by month rent as of December 31, 2022 after the lease ends, the fourth is in Changsha, Hunan China with remaining lease term of 0.58 years. A lease with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components of its leases as a single lease component. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The details lease terms are shown as followings:

| Lease agreement  Expiry Date  Original Lease  Term  The Remaining Lease Term  1 st  Beijing office rent  Dec 9, 2023  2.67 years  0.92 year  2 nd  Beijing office rent  Oct 22, 2023  1 year  0.83 year  3 rd  Changsha office rent  Nov 15, 2020  3 years  Month by month  4 th  Changsha  office  rent,  related party  Aug 1, 2023  1 year  0.58 year   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating lease right-of-use ('ROU') assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Generally, the implicit rate of interest in arrangements is not readily determinable and the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives.

This standard did not have a significant impact on our liquidity or on our compliance with our financial covenants associated with our loans.

The components of lease expense and supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the period are as follows:

## (a) Rent expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred rent expenses solely for the office premises on a monthly basis as follows:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Lease Cost  Operating lease cost (included in general and administration  in the Company's audited statement of operations)  $  180,579  $  156,870  Other Information  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease  liabilities for the year  $  185,835  $  153,364  Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases  (in years)  0.92  1.83  Average discount rate - operating leases  4.35%  4.35%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended

## Dec. 31, 2022

The supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the period is as follows:

| Operating leases  Operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Total operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Operating lease liabilities- current portion  $  156,015  $  184,928  Operating lease liabilities- non-current portion  -  169,616  Total operating lease liabilities  $  156,015  $  354,544   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturities of the Company's lease liabilities are as follows:

| Period ending December 31,  2023  $  159,312  Total lease payments  159,312  Less: Imputed interest/present value discount  (3,297)  Present value of lease liabilities  $  156,015   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Lease expenses were $180,579 and $156,870 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## COMMON STOCK

## Equity [Abstract] COMMON STOCK

## 14. COMMON STOCK

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has 119,956,826 shares issued and outstanding. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 12 Months Ended ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION Dec. 31, 2022

## Additional Paid-in Capital Capital Contribution

## ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION 15. ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has a total additional paid-in capital capital contribution balance of $1,467,490 and $1,384,907, respectively.

## CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Risks and Uncertainties [Abstract] CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 16. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

Financial instruments, which potentially the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash. The Company minimizes the concentration of credit risk associated with its cash by maintaining its cash with high-quality insured financial institutions. However, cash balances in excess of Chinese government (Deposit insurance regulations, effective from May 1, 2015) insured limit of RMB500,000 (approximately of $72,369) are at risk. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $454,980 and $559,119, with $65,322 and $84,209 was not insured, respectively. The cash that not insured are deposits in non-traditional bank accounts or financial institutions.

## SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

## Subsequent Events [Abstract] SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

## 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

As of December 31, 2022, the Company advanced a total amount of $686 to a related party. They had repaid and settled the amount of $686 at May 2023.

In accordance with ASC Topic 855, 'Subsequent Events', which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred up to June 6, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to issue. Based upon this evaluation, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements other than the above.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## SUMMARY OF

## SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Policies)

Accounting Policies

[Abstract] Basis of consolidated presentation

## Use of estimates

## Reclassification

## Foreign currencies translation and re-measurement

## 12 Months Ended

Dec. 31, 2022

- Basis of consolidated presentation

These consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes, and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC'). These accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ('US GAAP'). The Company's fiscal year end is December 31. The Company's financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of EZAGOO LIMITED and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation.

- Use of estimates

In preparing these consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

- Reclassification

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations.

- Foreign currencies translation and re-measurement

Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the statements of operations and comprehensive income.

The reporting currency of the Company is United States Dollars ('US$') and the accompanying financial statements have been expressed in US$. In addition, the Company's subsidiary in People's Republic of China maintains its books and record in its local currency, Chinese Yuan ('RMB'), which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates.

In general, for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US$ are translated into US$, in accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, 'Translation of Financial Statement', using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiary are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within the statements of stockholders' deficit.

Translation of amounts from RMB into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods:

## Cash and cash equivalents

## Account receivable

## Property, plant and equipment

Lease

| As of and for the  year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Period-end RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.91  6.36  Period-average RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.73  6.45  Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.81  7.75  Period-average HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.83  7.75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Cash and cash equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.

- Account receivable

Account receivable are stated at the customer obligations due under normal trade terms net of allowance for doubtful accounts.

## EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

- Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment 3-5 years

The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expenses as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

- Lease

The Company accounts for its leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases. The Company leases office space. The Company concludes on whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. This determination as to whether an arrangement contains a lease is based on an assessment as to whether a contract conveys the right to the Company to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for period of time in exchange for consideration. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes these lease expenses on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Company has assessed its contracts and concluded that its leases consist of only operating leases. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (ROU) assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company determines an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The Company's incremental borrowing rate is a hypothetical rate based on its understanding of

## Revenue recognition

what its credit rating would be. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straightline basis over the lease term.

## ● Revenue recognition

The Company assesses and follows the guidance of ASC 606, revenue from contracts with customers is recognized using the following five steps:

1. Identify the contract(s) with a customer;

The parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or

- a. in accordance with other customary business practices) and are committed to perform their respective obligations.
- b. The entity can identify each party's rights regarding the services to be transferred.
- c. The entity can identify the payment terms for the services to be transferred.
- d. The contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity's future cash flows is expected to change as a result of the contract). It is probable that the entity will collect substantially all of the consideration to
- e. which it will be entitled in exchange for the services that will be transferred to the customer.
2. Identify the performance obligations in the contract;
- a. According to the contract, the Company and Customer has to maintain the performance obligation, respectively.
8. The customer shall pay for the services and goods after signing of the contract and provide appropriate advertisement materials, and the delivery address &amp;
- b. contact information of the e-commerce order to the Company, the Company shall ensure the published advertisement and delivered goods of the Customer according to the contract terms.

## 3. Determine the transaction price;

For the advertisement and e-commerce contract, the transaction price is explicitly stated in fixed amount in the contract. There is no variable consideration, such as discounts, rebates, consideration payable to customer or

- a. noncash consideration. There was no price concession, and the Company did not expect any price concession for the service performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
2. The contract does not contain any elements that would cause consideration under
- b. the arrangement to be variable (Examples include discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, incentives, tiered pricing, price guarantees, right of return, etc.).
- c. There are no factors that exist whereby it is not probable that a significant reversal or revenues will not occur in the contract.
4. Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and

There were no multiple performance obligations to which the transaction price

- a. must be allocated, and each contract only has one performance obligation. The standalone selling price is explicated stated in the contract.
5. Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.
- a. Per ASC 606, an entity shall recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service (that is, an

## Cost of revenues

## Value-added taxes

## Income taxes

asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset.

Revenue is recognized when the advertising service is performed. According to the sample advertising and e-commerce contract, upon obtaining the signed

- b. contract and order from the Customer, the service and goods' period would be started. Therefore, the revenue is recognized when the service and goods are completely provided and delivered at that point in time.

Under Topic 606, revenues are recognized when the promised services and goods have been confirmed and transferred to the consumers in amounts that reflect the consideration the customer expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company presents value added taxes ('VAT') as reductions of revenues. The Company recognizes revenues net of value added taxes ('VAT') and relevant charges.

During the year 2022, the Company's revenue mainly from providing advertising services on the Xindian application that developed by the Company ('advertisement income'), providing e-commerce trading of goods and products on ZCZX WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('trading income'), and providing e-commerce value-added service in Xindian &amp; LSM WeChat Application that is subscribed from Weimob ( 微盟集团 , HK02013) ('commission income').

- Cost of revenues

Cost of revenue includes costs of goods sold and sales commissions expenses of e-commerce trading in ZCZX, production costs of short video advertisement, the operating salaries for the staffs who running the Xindian application and LSM, and online cloud and database expenses for ecommerce storage use on Xindian, ZCZX and LSM.

- Value-added taxes

Revenue is recognized net of value-added taxes ('VAT'). The VAT is based on gross sales price and VAT rates applicable to the Company is 13% of e-commerce trading income and 6% of commission income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All of the VAT returns filed by the Company's subsidiaries in the PRC, have been and remain subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities for five years from the date of filing. VAT payables are included in accrued liabilities.

- Income taxes

The Company followed the liability method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes, or ASC 740. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates that will be in effect in the period in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company recorded a valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rate is recognized in tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date of the change in tax rate.

The Company accounted for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740. Interest and penalties related to unrecognizable tax benefit recognized in accordance with ASC 740 are classified in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss as income tax expense.

EZAGOO LIMITED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars ('US$'), except for number of shares)

## Commitments and contingencies

## Related party transaction

## Recent accounting pronouncements

- Earnings per share

The Company computes earnings per share ('EPS') in accordance with ASC Topic 260, 'Earnings per share'. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (e.g., convertible securities, options, and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Any potential common shares in 2022 and 2021 that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.

- Commitments and contingencies

Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.

- Related party transaction

A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company's securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company's management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties.

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.

- Recent accounting pronouncements

In March 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-03, 'Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment,' which simplifies how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step two from the goodwill impairment test. Step two of the goodwill impairment test measures a goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying amount. The new guidance is effective prospectively but not applicable for us for the period ending December 31, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance as of March 30, 2021. An entity should not retroactively adopt the amendments in this update for interim financial statements already issued in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the effects, if any, of the adoption of this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement. The new guidance modifies disclosure requirements related to fair value measurement. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2023. Implementation on a prospective or retrospective basis varies by specific disclosure requirement. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance.

The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations.

## SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Tables)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract] SCHEDULE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION OF EXCHANGE RATES

## SCHEDULE OF PLANT AND EQUIPMENT EXPECTED USEFUL LIVES

## 12 Months Ended

Dec. 31, 2022

Translation of amounts from RMB into US$1 has been made at the following exchange rates for the respective periods:

| As of and for the  year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Period-end RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.91  6.36  Period-average RMB: US$1 exchange rate  6.73  6.45  Period-end HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.81  7.75  Period-average HK$: US$1 exchange rate  7.83  7.75   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment 3-5 years

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

| As of December  31,  2022  2021  Office equipment  $ 42,332  $ 42,332  Less: Accumulated depreciation  (41,208)  (31,008)  Property, plant and equipment, net  $  1,124  $ 11,324   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES (Tables) Dec. 31, 2022

Related Party Transactions [Abstract]

SCHEDULE OF DUE FROM RELATED PARTY

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Related party F  $  -  $331,342  Related party Q  686  -  Total amount due from related parties  $  686  $331,342   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Tables)

## Deposits Prepayments And Other Receivables

SCHEDULE OF DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## 12 Months Ended

Dec. 31, 2022

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Prepayments  $ 43,066  $ 63,119  Total deposits, prepayments and  other receivables  $ 43,066  $ 63,119   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended ACCOUNT PAYABLE

## (Tables)

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

SCHEDULE OF ACCOUNT PAYABLE Account payable consisted of the following:

| As of December  31,  2022  2021  Account payable  $20,594  $28,638  Total  $20,594  $28,638   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Dec. 31, 2022

## ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED (Tables)

## Accrual Other Payable And Deposits Received

SCHEDULE OF OTHER PAYABLE

## 12 Months Ended

Dec. 31, 2022

Accrual, other payable and deposits received consisted of the following:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Accrual  $  32,424  $  40,492  Other payable  277,283  151,581  Deposits received from customers  101,704  59,062  Total other payable and accrued liabilities  $  411,411  $  251,135   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFERRED REVENUE (Tables)

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract] SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED REVENUE

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

| As of December  31,  2022  2021  Deferred revenue  $2,837  $111,388  Total deferred revenue  $2,837  $111,388   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES (Tables)

## Amount Due To Related Parties SCHEDULE OF DUE TO RELATED PARTIES

## SCHEDULE OF DISCLOSURE OF RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Amount due to related party B  $  215,520  $  234,307  Amount due to related party C  23,330  25,364  Amount due to related party D  242,630  27,288  Amount due to related party E  124,850  134,591  Amount due to related party G  262,309  286,759  Amount due to related party H  7,486  8,138  Amount due to related party I  2,461  4,835  Amount due to related party J  772,898  291,105  Amount due to related party K  39,079  42,486  Amount due to related party L  20,893  20,893  Amount due to related party M  345,049  463,892  Amount due to related party N  135,321  162,852  Amount due to related party O  118,684  70,809  Amount due to related party P  32,306  35,122  Total  $2,342,816  $1,808,441   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disclosure of related parties'

transactions

Imputed interest expenses to director

Imputed interest expenses to related parties

Imputed interest income from related parties

Total imputed interest expenses

(income)

Commission income, related parties

Cost of revenue, related parties

Office rental fee

For the year ended

December 31,

2022

2021

1,222

85,431

(4,070)

82,583

9

5,334

2,527

$

$

849

56,349

(27,595)

29,603

$

-

$620,435

$

-

$

$

$

$

$

## INCOME TAXES (Tables)

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] SCHEDULE OF LOCAL AND FOREIGN COMPONENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES

## SCHEDULE OF PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

## SCHEDULE OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION

## SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the local (United States) and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes were comprised of the following:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Tax jurisdictions from:  $  $  - Local  (62,192)  (83,684)  - Foreign, representing  Seychelles  -  -  Hong Kong  (3,848)  (1,301)  China  (1,182,989)  360,973  Income (loss) before income tax  $ (1,249,029)  $  275,988   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Current:  $  $  - Local  4,579  21,348  - Foreign  -  -  Deferred:  - Local  -  -  - Foreign  -  -  Income tax expense  $  4,579  $  21,348   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes a reconciliation of the Company's blended statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations before taxes:

| For the year ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Statutory tax rate:  21.0%  21.0%  Change in income tax valuation allowance  (28.4)%  (21.0)%  Effective tax rate  (7.4)%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  $  $  Net operating loss carryforwards  - United States of America  13,060  32,526  - Hong Kong  4,821  4,186  - The PRC  889,891  594,144  907,772  630,856  Less: valuation allowance  (907,722)  (630,856)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$

-

$

-

## OPERATING LEASE (Tables)

## Operating Lease SCHEDULE OF DETAILS OF LEASE TERM

## SCHEDULE OF LEASE COST AND OTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO OPERATING LEASES

## SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION RELATED TO LEASES

## SCHEDULE OF MATURITIES OF LEASE LIABILITIES

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The details lease terms are shown as followings:

| Lease agreement  Expiry  Date  Original  Lease  Term  The Remaining Lease Term  1 st  Beijing  office  rent  Dec 9,  2023  2.67 years  0.92 year  2 nd  Beijing office  rent  Oct 22,  2023  1 year  0.83 year  3 rd  Changsha  office rent  Nov 15,  2020  3 years  Month by month  4 th  Changsha  office  rent,  related party  Aug 1,  2023  1 year  0.58 year   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has incurred rent expenses solely for the office premises on a monthly basis as follows:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Lease Cost  Operating lease cost (included in general  and administration in the Company's  audited statement of operations)  $  180,579  $  156,870  Other Information  Cash paid for amounts included in the  measurement of lease liabilities for the  year  $  185,835  $  153,364  Weighted average remaining lease term -  operating leases (in years)  0.92  1.83  Average discount rate - operating leases  4.35%  4.35%  The supplemental balance sheet information related to leases for the period is as follows:   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Operating leases  Operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Total operating right-of-use assets  $  181,520  $  350,984  Operating lease liabilities- current portion  $  156,015  $  184,928  Operating lease liabilities- non-current  portion  -  169,616  Total operating lease liabilities  $  156,015  $  354,544   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturities of the Company's lease liabilities are as follows:

| Period ending December 31,  2023  $  159,312  Total lease payments  159,312  Less: Imputed interest/present value discount  (3,297)  Present value of lease liabilities  $  156,015   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND (Details Narrative)

Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Excluding ShareBased Payments and Postretirement Benefits [Line Items]

Common stock, par value

Changsha Ezagoo Technology Limited [Member] | Management Services Agreement [Member]

Deferred Compensation

Arrangement with

Individual, Excluding Share-

Based Payments and

Postretirement Benefits

[Line Items]

Profit percentage Agreement, description

Jul. 20, 2018 CNY (¥)

100.00% On July 20, 2018 CETL entered into and consummated an agreement with BESH and RFLL whereas BESH and RFLL have engaged CETL to provide management, financial, and other business services to Beijing Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited (formerly known as Hunan Ezagoo Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited). CETL is to be compensated with 100% of all profits generated by Hunan Ezagoo

Jun. 30, 2018 USD ($) $ / shares shares Jun. 30, 2018 $ / shares shares May 09, 2018 USD ($) $ / shares shares Dec. 31, 2022 $ / shares Dec. 31, 2021 $ / shares Jun. 25, 2018 $ / shares Jun. 06, 2018 $ / shares

$ 0.0001 $ 0.0001

Agreement effective date

Agreement period

Changsha Ezagoo Technology

Limited [Member] | Loan

Agreement [Member]

Deferred Compensation

Arrangement with

Individual, Excluding Share-

Based Payments and

Postretirement Benefits

[Line Items]

Loans and leases receivable related parties | ¥

Zhicheng Internet Technology Limited. This Agreement is effective as of July 20, 2018 and will continue in effect for a period of ten (10) years (the 'Initial Term'), and for succeeding periods of the same duration (each, 'Subsequent Term'), until terminated by one of the following means either during the Initial Term or thereafter: Mutual Consent, Termination by CETL, Breach or Insolvency. Jul. 20, 2018 10 years

¥ 100,000

Debt instrument, maturity date Dec. 31, 2018

Ezagoo Holding Limited

[Member]

Deferred Compensation

Arrangement with

Individual, Excluding Share-

Based Payments and

Postretirement Benefits

[Line Items]

Business acquisition share price

Restricted Stock [Member] | Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC [Member] Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Excluding ShareBased Payments and Postretirement Benefits [Line Items] Sale of stock number of shares issued in transaction | shares 1,358,500 Common stock, par value $ 0.0001 $ 0.0001 Tan Xiaohao [Member] | Restricted Stock [Member] Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Excluding ShareBased Payments and Postretirement Benefits [Line Items] Sale of stock number of shares issued in transaction | shares 90,050,500 Common stock, par value $ 0.0001 Sale of stock consideration received on transaction | $ $ 9,005 Zhang Qianwen [Member] | Restricted Stock [Member] Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Excluding ShareBased Payments and Postretirement Benefits [Line Items] Sale of stock number of shares issued in transaction | shares 3,591,000 Zhang Qianwen [Member] | Restricted Stock [Member] | Greenpro Asia Strategic SPC [Member] Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Excluding ShareBased Payments and Postretirement Benefits [Line Items] Sale of stock consideration received on transaction | $ $ 495

<!-- image -->

## 12 Months Ended GOING CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

## Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements

[Abstract]

Accumulated deficit $ 3,831,788 $ 2,578,180 Net profit $ 1,253,608 $ (254,640)

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Period End [Member]

Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Period-end and Period-average CNY and HK$: US$1 exchange rate 6.91 6.36 Period Average [Member]

Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Period-end and Period-average CNY and HK$: US$1 exchange rate 6.73 6.45

Period End H K [Member]

Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Period-end and Period-average CNY and HK$: US$1 exchange rate 7.81 7.75

Period Average H K [Member]

Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line

Items]

Period-end and Period-average CNY and HK$: US$1 exchange rate 7.83 7.75

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION OF EXCHANGE RATES (Details) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF PLANT AND EQUIPMENT EXPECTED USEFUL LIVES (Details) - Office Equipment [Member] Dec. 31, 2022

Minimum [Member]

Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property, plant and equipment, useful life 3 years

Maximum [Member]

Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property, plant and equipment, useful life 5 years

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Details Narrative) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Accounting Policies [Abstract]

Debt instrument, interest rate, stated percentage 6.00% 6.00% Debt instrument, term 5 years Related party transaction, rate 10.00%

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

Office equipment $ 42,332 $ 42,332 Less: Accumulated depreciation (41,208) (31,008) Property, plant and equipment, net $ 1,124 $ 11,324

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

Depreciation, depletion and amortization, nonproduction $ 10,200 $ 10,806

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DUE FROM RELATED PARTY (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Total amount due from related parties $ 686 $ 331,342 Related Party F [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Total amount due from related parties 331,342 Related Party Q [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Total amount due from related parties $ 686

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## AMOUNT DUE FROM

## RELATED PARTIES (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Due from related party $ 686 $ 331,342 Due from related party

Mr Chengfu Tan [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Due from related party $ 331,342 Mr Chengfu Tan [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Ownership percentage 100.00% Grand Progressive Holdings Limited [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Ownership percentage 100.00% Mr. Xiaohao Tan [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Ownership percentage 100.00%

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Deposits Prepayments And Other Receivables

## Prepayments $ 43,066 $ 63,119 Total deposits, prepayments and other receivables $ 43,066 $ 63,119

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Deposits Prepayments And Other Receivables

## Prepaid expense and other assets $ 43,066 $ 63,119

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF ACCOUNT PAYABLE (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

## Account payable $ 20,594 $ 28,638 Total $ 20,594 $ 28,638

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## ACCOUNT PAYABLE (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Payables and Accruals [Abstract]

## Accounts payable, current $ 20,594 $ 28,638

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF OTHER PAYABLE (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Accrual Other Payable And Deposits Received

Accrual $ 32,424 $ 40,492 Other payable 277,283 151,581 Deposits received from customers 101,704 59,062 Total other payable and accrued liabilities $ 411,411 $ 251,135

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED REVENUE Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## (Details) - USD ($)

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]

## Deferred revenue $ 2,837 $ 111,388 Total deferred revenue $ 2,837 $ 111,388

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## DEFERRED REVENUE Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## (Details Narrative) - USD ($)

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]

## Deferred revenue current $ 2,837 $ 111,388

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Amount Due To Director

## Due to director, amount $ 27,584 $ 29,174

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DUE TO RELATED PARTIES (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total $ 2,342,816 $ 1,808,441 Related Party B [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 215,520 234,307 Related Party C [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 23,330 25,364 Related Party D [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 242,630 27,288 Related Party E [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 124,850 134,591 Related Party G [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 262,309 286,759 Related Party H [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 7,486 8,138 Related Party I [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 2,461 4,835 Related Party J [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 772,898 291,105 Related Party K [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 39,079 42,486 Related Party L [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 20,893 20,893 Related Party M [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 345,049 463,892

Related Party N [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total 135,321 162,852 Related Party O [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Total 118,684 70,809 Related Party P [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

## Total $ 32,306 $ 35,122

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF DISCLOSURE OF RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total imputed interest expenses (income)

Commission income, related parties

Cost of revenue, related parties

Office rental fee

Interest Expense To Director [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total imputed interest expenses (income)

Interest Expense To Related Parties [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total imputed interest expenses (income)

Interest Expense From Related Parties [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Total imputed interest expenses (income)

$ (4,070)

$ 29,603

620,435

849

56,349

$ (27,595)

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 82,583

9

5,334

2,527

1,222

85,431

AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Due to related parties $ 686 Related Party B [Member] Due to related parties 215,520 $ 234,307 Related Party C [Member] Due to related parties 23,330 25,364 Related Party D [Member] Due to related parties 242,630 27,288 Related Party E [Member] Due to related parties 124,850 134,591 Related Party G [Member] Due to related parties 262,309 286,759 Related Party H [Member] Due to related parties 7,486 8,138 Related Party I [Member] Due to related parties 2,461 4,835 Related Party J [Member] Due to related parties 772,898 291,105 Related Party K [Member] Due to related parties 39,079 42,486 Related Party L [Member] Due to related parties 20,893 20,893 Related Party M [Member] Due to related parties 345,049 463,892 Related Party N [Member] Due to related parties 135,321 162,852 Related Party P [Member] Due to related parties 32,306 35,122 Mr. Xiaohao Tan [Member] | Related Party N [Member] Due to related parties $ 118,684 $ 70,809 Related Party B [Member] | Chengfu Tan [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 100.00% Related Party G [Member] | Mr Xiaohao Tan and Ms Qianwen Zhang [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 92.00% 8.00% Related Party H [Member] | Beijing Ezagoo Industrial Development Group Holding Limited [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 90.00% 10.00% Related Party I [Member] | Hunan Bright Lionrock Mountain Resort Limited [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 80.00% 20.00% Related Party J [Member] | Hunan Wancheng Xingyi Industrial Development Co Ltd [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 71.85%

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Related Party J [Member] | Hunan Little Penguin Culture Communication Co Limited [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 95.00% 5.00% Related Party J [Member] | Mr. Xiaohao Tan [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 21.42% Related Party L [Member] | Ezagoo B&amp;R (HongKong) Industry Development Group Limited [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 100.00% Related Party M [Member] | Mr. Xiaohao Tan [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 85.00% Related Party N [Member] | Mr. Xiaohao Tan [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 100.00% Related Party P [Member] | Hunan Little Penguin Culture Communication Co Limited [Member] Equity method investment, ownership percentage 82.00%

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF LOCAL AND FOREIGN COMPONENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Income/(loss) before income tax $ (1,249,029) $ 275,988

SEYCHELLES

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Foreign

HONG KONG

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Foreign (3,848) (1,301) CHINA

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Foreign (1,182,989) 360,973 State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Local (62,192) (83,684) Local and Foreign Jurisdiction [Member]

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Income/(loss) before income tax $ (1,249,029) $ 275,988

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Current: Local $ 4,579 $ 21,348 Current: Foreign Deferred: Local Deferred: Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Total$ 4,579 $ 21,348

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION (Details) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Statutory tax rate: 21.00% 21.00% Change in income tax valuation allowance (28.40%) (21.00%) Effective tax rate (7.40%) 0.00%

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Net operating loss carryforwards

Less: Valuation allowance

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance

UNITED STATES

Net operating loss carryforwards

HONG KONG

Net operating loss carryforwards

CHINA

Net operating loss carryforwards

$ 907,772

(907,722)

13,060

4,821

$ 889,891

$ 630,856

(630,856)

32,526

4,186

$ 594,144

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended INCOME TAXES (Details

## Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021 Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent21.00%

Operating Loss Carryforwards, Valuation Allowance

$ 13,060

Statutory income rate 21.00% 21.00%

Net income loss $ (1,253,608) $ 254,640

Inland Revenue, Hong Kong [Member]

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Statutory income rate 16.50% State Administration of Taxation, China [Member]

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Statutory income rate 25.00%

Net income loss $ 1,182,989 UNITED STATES

## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]

Operating Loss Carryforwards $ 13,060

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF DETAILS OF LEASE TERM (Details)

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

| First Beijing Office Rent [Member]  Expiry date  Dec. 09, 2023  Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract  2 years 8 months 1 day  The remaining lease term  11 months 1 day  Second Beijing Office Rent [Member]  Expiry date  Oct. 22, 2023  Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract  1 year  The remaining lease term  9 months 29 days  Third Changsha Office Rent [Member]  Expiry date  Nov. 15, 2020  Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract  3 years  The remaining lease term  Month by month  Fourth Beijing Office Rent Related Party [Member]  Expiry date  Aug. 01, 2023  Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract  1 year  The remaining lease term  6 months 29 days   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Operating Lease

Operating lease cost (included in general and administration in the Company's audited statement of operations) $ 180,579 $ 156,870 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities for the year $ 185,835 $ 153,364 Operating lease weighted average remaining lease term 11 months 1 day 1 year 9 months 29 days Average discount rate operating lease 4.35% 4.35%

## 12 Months Ended SCHEDULE OF LEASE COST AND OTHER INFORMATION RELATED TO OPERATING LEASES (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

## INFORMATION RELATED Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## SCHEDULE OF SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET TO LEASES (Details) - USD ($)

| Operating Lease  Operating right-of-use assets  $ 181,520  $ 350,984  Total operating right-of-use assets  181,520  350,984  Operating lease liabilities- current portion  156,015  184,928  Operating lease liabilities- non-current portion  169,616  Total operating lease liabilities  $ 156,015  $ 354,544   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## SCHEDULE OF MATURITIES OF LEASE LIABILITIES (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Operating Lease 2023 $ 159,312 Total lease payments 159,312 Less: Imputed interest/present value discount (3,297) Present value of lease liabilities $ 156,015 $ 354,544

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended OPERATING LEASE (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

Lease expenses

Office Space 1 [Member]

Lease remaining lease term

Office Space 2 [Member]

Lease remaining lease term

Office Space 4 [Member]

Lease remaining lease term

$ 180,579

11 months 1 day

9 months 29 days

6 months 29 days

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 156,870

## COMMON STOCK (Details Narrative) - shares Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Equity [Abstract]

Common stock, shares issued 119,956,826 119,956,826 Common stock, shares outstanding119,956,826 119,956,826 Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL - CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION (Details Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Narrative) - USD ($)

## Additional Paid-in Capital Capital Contribution

## Additional paid in capital $ 1,467,490 $ 1,384,907

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK (Details Narrative) Dec. 31, 2022 USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 USD ($) Jan. 31, 2015 USD ($) Jan. 31, 2015 CNY (¥)

## Risks and Uncertainties [Abstract]

## Insured amount $ 72,369 ¥ 500,000 Cash and cash equivalents at carrying value $ 454,980 $ 559,119 Uninsured amount $ 65,322 $ 84,209

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 1 Months Ended SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (Details Narrative) - USD ($) May 31, 2023 Dec. 31, 2022

Due to related parties $ 686 Forecast [Member] Related parties paid $ 686

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

{

"instance": {

"form10-k.htm": {

"axisCustom": 0,

"axisStandard": 17,

"baseTaxonomies": {

"http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022": 473,

"http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022": 35

},

"contextCount": 139,

"dts": {

"calculationLink": {

"local": [

"ezoo-20221231\_cal.xml"

]

},

"definitionLink": {

"local": [

"ezoo-20221231\_def.xml"

]

},

"inline": {

"local": [

"form10-k.htm"

]

},

"labelLink": {

"local": [

"ezoo-20221231\_lab.xml"

]

},

"presentationLink": {

"local": [

"ezoo-20221231\_pre.xml"

]

},

"schema": {

"local": [

"ezoo-20221231.xsd"

],

"remote": [

"http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd",

"http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd",

"https://www.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd",

"https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-roles-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022/elts/srt-types-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2022q3/srt-sup-2022q3.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-gaap-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-roles-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022/elts/us-types-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2022q3/us-gaap-sup-2022q3.xsd",

"https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2022/country-2022.xsd",

"https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022/dei-2022.xsd"

}

},

"elementCount": 409,

"entityCount": 1,

"hidden": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/20221231": 10,

"http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022": 43,

"http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022": 3,

"total": 56

},

"keyCustom": 35,

"keyStandard": 197,

"memberCustom": 48,

"memberStandard": 16,

"nsprefix": "EZOO",

"nsuri": "http://ezagooltd.com/20221231",

"report": {

"R1": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"b",

"span",

"p",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "dei:DocumentType",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "document",

"isDefault": "true",

"longName": "00000001 - Document - Cover",

"menuCat": "Cover",

"order": "1",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/Cover",

"shortName": "Cover",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"b",

"span",

"p",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "dei:DocumentType",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

]

}

},

"R10": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000010 - Disclosure - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "10",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipment",

"shortName": "PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R11": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000011 - Disclosure - AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "11",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedParties",

"shortName": "AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R12": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000012 - Disclosure - DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "12",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivables",

"shortName": "DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:DepositsPrepaymentsAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R13": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000013 - Disclosure - ACCOUNT PAYABLE",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "13",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AccountPayable",

"shortName": "ACCOUNT PAYABLE",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R14": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:AccruedExpensesOtherPayablesAndDepositReceivedTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000014 - Disclosure - ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "14",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AccrualOtherPayableAndDepositsReceived",

"shortName": "ACCRUAL, OTHER PAYABLE AND DEPOSITS RECEIVED",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:AccruedExpensesOtherPayablesAndDepositReceivedTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R15": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000015 - Disclosure - DEFERRED REVENUE",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "15",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/DeferredRevenue",

"shortName": "DEFERRED REVENUE",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R16": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:DueToDirectorTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000016 - Disclosure - AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "16",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToDirector",

"shortName": "AMOUNT DUE TO DIRECTOR",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:DueToDirectorTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R17": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:AccountsReceivableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000017 - Disclosure - AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "17",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedParties",

"shortName": "AMOUNT DUE TO RELATED PARTIES",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "EZOO:AccountsReceivableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R18": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000018 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "18",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/IncomeTaxes",

"shortName": "INCOME TAXES",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R19": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000019 - Disclosure - OPERATING LEASE",

"menuCat": "Notes",

"order": "19",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/OperatingLease",

"shortName": "OPERATING LEASE",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2022-01-01to2022-12-31",

"decimals": null,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": null,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R2": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2022-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": null,

"name": "us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue",

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "statement",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "00000002 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets",

"menuCat": "Statements",

"order": "2",

"role": "http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets",

"shortName": "Consolidated Balance Sheets",

"subGroupType": "",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2022-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"lang": null,

"name": "EZOO:IncomeTaxReceivablesCurrent",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R20": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

"subGroupType": "details",

<!-- image -->

"subGroupType": "details",

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

}

},

"documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.",

"label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code"

<!-- image -->

}

}

"en-us": {

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

},

"localname": "SolicitingMaterial",

"nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/Cover"

],

"xbrltype": "booleanItemType"

},

"dei\_TradingSymbol": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.",

"label": "Trading Symbol"

}

},

"localname": "TradingSymbol",

"nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/Cover"

],

"xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType"

},

"dei\_WrittenCommunications": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r425"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.",

"label": "Written Communications"

}

},

"localname": "WrittenCommunications",

"nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/Cover"

],

"xbrltype": "booleanItemType"

},

"srt\_EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"localname": "EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_MaximumMember": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r196",

"r197",

"r198",

"r199",

"r251",

"r345",

"r367",

"r388",

"r389",

"r398",

"r402",

"r406",

"r452",

"r502",

"r503",

"r504",

"r505",

"r506",

"r507"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Maximum [Member]"

}

}

},

"localname": "MaximumMember",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPlantAndEquipmentExpectedUsefulLivesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_MinimumMember": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r196",

"r197",

"r198",

"r199",

"r251",

"r345",

"r367",

"r388",

"r389",

"r398",

"r402",

"r406",

"r452",

"r502",

"r503",

"r504",

"r505",

"r506",

"r507"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Minimum [Member]"

}

}

},

"localname": "MinimumMember",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPlantAndEquipmentExpectedUsefulLivesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_RangeAxis": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r196",

"r197",

"r198",

"r199",

"r249",

"r251",

"r277",

"r278",

"r279",

"r344",

"r345",

"r367",

"r388",

"r389",

"r398",

"r402",

"r406",

"r449",

"r452",

"r503",

"r504",

"r505",

"r506",

"r507"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Statistical Measurement [Axis]"

}

}

},

"localname": "RangeAxis",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPlantAndEquipmentExpectedUsefulLivesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"srt\_RangeMember": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r196",

"r197",

"r198",

"r199",

"r249",

"r251",

"r277",

"r278",

"r279",

"r344",

"r345",

"r367",

"r388",

"r389",

"r398",

"r402",

"r406",

"r449",

"r452",

"r503",

"r504",

"r505",

"r506",

"r507"

],

"localname": "RangeMember",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPlantAndEquipmentExpectedUsefulLivesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_ScenarioForecastMember": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r252",

"r442"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Forecast [Member]"

}

}

},

"localname": "ScenarioForecastMember",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r163",

"r252",

"r427",

"r442"

],

"localname": "ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r193"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Investment, Name [Axis]"

}

}

},

"localname": "ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"srt\_SegmentGeographicalDomain": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r190",

"r191",

"r379",

"r380",

"r381",

"r382",

"r383",

"r384",

"r385",

"r386",

"r387",

"r399",

"r405",

"r453"

],

"localname": "SegmentGeographicalDomain",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsDetails",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfLocalAndForeignComponentsOfIncomeLossBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"srt\_StatementGeographicalAxis": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r190",

"r191",

"r374",

"r379",

"r380",

"r381",

"r382",

"r383",

"r384",

"r385",

"r386",

"r387",

"r399",

"r405",

"r453"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Geographical [Axis]"

}

}

},

"localname": "StatementGeographicalAxis",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsDetails",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfLocalAndForeignComponentsOfIncomeLossBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"srt\_StatementScenarioAxis": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r163",

"r252",

"r427",

"r428",

"r442"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Scenario [Axis]"

}

}

},

"localname": "StatementScenarioAxis",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"srt\_TitleOfIndividualAxis": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r443",

"r498"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Title of Individual [Axis]"

}

}

},

"localname": "TitleOfIndividualAxis",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/OrganizationAndBusinessBackgroundDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"srt\_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"localname": "TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/OrganizationAndBusinessBackgroundDetailsNarrative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccountingPoliciesAbstract": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Accounting Policies [Abstract]"

}

}

},

"localname": "AccountingPoliciesAbstract",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r10"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.",

"label": "ACCOUNT PAYABLE"

}

},

"localname": "AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AccountPayable"

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccountsPayableCurrent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r9",

"r404"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets": {

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_LiabilitiesCurrent",

"weight": 1.0

},

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfAccountPayableDetails": {

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).",

"label": "Account payable",

"verboseLabel": "Accounts payable, current"

}

},

"localname": "AccountsPayableCurrent",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/AccountPayableDetailsNarrative",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets",

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfAccountPayableDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94",

"r105"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfAccountPayableDetails": {

"order": null,

"parentTag": null,

"root": true,

"weight": null

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.",

"label": "Accounts Payable",

"totalLabel": "Total"

}

},

"localname": "AccountsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfAccountPayableDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccountsPayableOtherCurrentAndNoncurrent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94",

"r105"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails": {

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of obligations incurred and payable classified as other.",

"label": "Other payable"

}

},

"localname": "AccountsPayableOtherCurrentAndNoncurrent",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccruedEmployeeBenefitsCurrentAndNoncurrent": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r94",

"r105"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails": {

"order": 1.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations, excluding pension and other postretirement benefits, incurred through that date and payable for perquisites provided to employees pertaining to services received from them.",

"label": "Accrual"

}

},

"localname": "AccruedEmployeeBenefitsCurrentAndNoncurrent",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r52",

"r120"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails": {

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet",

"weight": -1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.",

"label": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment",

"negatedLabel": "Less: Accumulated depreciation"

}

},

"localname": "AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r18",

"r19",

"r20",

"r123",

"r363",

"r372",

"r373"

],

"calculation": {

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets": {

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "us-gaap\_StockholdersEquity",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.",

"label": "Accumulated other comprehensive loss"

}

},

"localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r17",

"r20",

"r79",

"r335",

"r368",

"r369",

"r431",

"r432",

"r433",

"r439",

"r440",

"r441"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.",

"label": "Soliciting Material"

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"weight": null

}

"documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.",

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

<!-- image -->

```
"lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) attributable to income (loss) from continuing operations. Includes, but is not limited to, deferred regional, territorial, and provincial tax expense (benefit) for non-US (United States of America) jurisdiction.", "label": "Deferred: Local" } } }, "localname": "DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r482" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.", "label": "Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance": { "auth_ref": [ "r291" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance", "negatedLabel": "Less: Valuation allowance" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDisclosureOfRelatedPartiesTransactionsDetails", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepositLiabilityCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r13" ], "calculation": { "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The current portion, due within one year or one operating cycle, if longer, of deposits held other than customer deposits.", "label": "Deposits received from customers" } } }, "localname": "DepositLiabilityCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfOtherPayableDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_Depreciation": { "auth_ref": [ "r34", "r50" ], "calculation": { "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.", "label": "Depreciation" } } }, "localname": "Depreciation", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r34", "r50" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.", "label": "Depreciation, depletion and amortization, nonproduction" } } }, "localname": "DepreciationAndAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties": { "auth_ref": [ "r90", "r107", "r122", "r202", "r203", "r204", "r208", "r209", "r210", "r339", "r438" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For an unclassified balance sheet, amounts due from related parties including affiliates, employees, joint ventures, officers and stockholders, immediate families thereof, and pension funds.", "label": "Due from related party" } } }, "localname": "DueFromRelatedParties", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r122", "r202", "r203", "r204", "r208", "r209", "r210", "r339", "r391", "r438" ], "calculation": { "http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, pension trusts, and so forth, at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).", "label": "Amount due from related parties", "terseLabel": "Due from related party", "verboseLabel": "Total amount due from related parties" } } }, "localname": "DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDueFromRelatedPartyDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r1", "r84", "r99", "r110" ], "calculation": { "http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amounts due to recorded owners or owners with a beneficial interest of more than 10 percent of the voting interests or officers of the company. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Amount due to director" } } }, "localname": "DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/BalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrentAndNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r84", "r93", "r106", "r111" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amounts due to recorded owners or owners with a beneficial interest of more than 10 percent of the voting interests or officers of the company.", "label": "Due to director, amount" } } }, "localname": "DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrentAndNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToDirectorDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r9", "r202", "r203", "r204", "r208", "r209", "r210", "r339", "r438" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets, represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Total" } } }, "localname": "DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r92", "r106", "r202", "r203", "r204", "r208", "r209", "r210", "r339", "r438" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties.", "label": "Due to related parties" } } }, "localname": "DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r138", "r155", "r156", "r157", "r158", "r159", "r164", "r165", "r167", "r168", "r169", "r170", "r313", "r314", "r360", "r365", "r394" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.", "label": "Net income (loss) per share - Basic and diluted" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfOperationsAndComprehensiveIncomeLoss" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r42", "r43" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.", "label": "Earnings per share" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations": { "auth_ref": [ "r491" ], "calculation": { "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; including, but not limited to, disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents" } } }, "localname": "EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations": { "auth_ref": [ "r287" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent", "totalLabel": "Effective tax rate" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate": { "auth_ref": [ "r148", "r287", "r300" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).", "label": "Statutory tax rate:", "verboseLabel": "Statutory income rate" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrative", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance": { "auth_ref": [ "r481", "r486" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Percent", "negatedLabel": "Change in income tax valuation allowance" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes": { "auth_ref": [ "r481", "r486" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Equity [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "EquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r56", "r114", "r133", "r134", "r135", "r150", "r151", "r152", "r154", "r160", "r162", "r171", "r195", "r225", "r281", "r282", "r283", "r295", "r296", "r312", "r316", "r317", "r318", "r319", "r320", "r321", "r335", "r368", "r369", "r370" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc." } } }, "localname": "EquityComponentDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInStockholdersDeficit" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage": { "auth_ref": [ "r49" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting.", "label": "Ownership percentage", "verboseLabel": "Equity method investment, ownership percentage" } } }, "localname": "EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueFromRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative", "http://ezagooltd.com/role/AmountDueToRelatedPartiesDetailsNarrative" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1": { "auth_ref": [ "r322", "r323" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Foreign exchange rate used to translate amounts denominated in functional currency to reporting currency.", "label": "Period-end and Period-average CNY and HK$: US$1 exchange rate" } } }, "localname": "ForeignCurrencyExchangeRateTranslation1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://ezagooltd.com/role/ScheduleOfForeignCurrencyTranslationOfExchangeRatesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "pureItemType" }, "us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r324" ], "lang": {
```

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.",

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"r356",

"documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.",

"documentation": "Schedule, table or text reflecting arrangements that are not equity-based payments, or pension and other postretirement benefits, with individual employees. The arrangements (for example, profit sharing, deferred bonuses or certain split-dollar life insurance arrangements) are generally based on employment contracts between the entity and one or more selected officers or key employees, and which contain a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts at designated future dates, sometimes including a period after retirement, upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Disclosure also typically includes the amount of related compensation expense recognized during the reporting period and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the related liability.",

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

<!-- image -->

}

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

},

"std\_ref": {

"r0": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Topic": "205",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=51888271",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r1": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19)(a)(5))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r10": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a),20,24)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r100": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(12))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r101": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r102": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(25))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r103": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(8))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r104": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.10)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r105": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.15(a))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r106": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.17)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r107": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.3)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r108": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(18))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r109": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(8))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r11": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19,20)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r110": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-04(12))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401414&amp;loc=d3e603758-122996",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r111": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-04.12(a)(1))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401414&amp;loc=d3e603758-122996",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r112": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-07.1(c))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401555&amp;loc=SL114874292-224272",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r113": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "840",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123405975&amp;loc=d3e41551-112718",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r114": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "105",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126987489&amp;loc=SL124442142-165695",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r115": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "205",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109222650&amp;loc=SL51721683-107760",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r116": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r117": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6904-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r118": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r119": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(13))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r12": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19-26)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r120": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(14))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r121": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(18))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r122": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(3)(a)(2))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r123": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r124": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(7))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r125": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(9))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r126": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r127": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r128": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r129": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r13": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.20)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r130": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669625-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r131": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669625-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r132": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL116659661-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r133": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442407-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r134": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442411-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r135": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124452729-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r136": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(210.5-03(11))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r137": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(24))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r138": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(25))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r139": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(7)(d))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r14": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.21)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r140": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3367-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r141": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r142": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r143": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r144": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126899994&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r145": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(e)(1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

}

},

"unitCount": 5

}

},

"localname": "UseOfEstimates",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies"

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-gaap\_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r164",

"r169"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.",

"label": "Weighted average number of common shares outstanding \u2013 Basic and diluted"

}

},

"localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",

"presentation": [

"http://ezagooltd.com/role/StatementsOfOperationsAndComprehensiveIncomeLoss"

],

"xbrltype": "sharesItemType"

}

},

"r146": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r147": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r148": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(2))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r149": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r15": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r150": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21914-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r151": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21930-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r152": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21711-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r153": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22499-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r154": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22499-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r155": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22694-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r156": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22694-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r157": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22583-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r158": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22595-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r159": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22644-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r16": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-31)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r160": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22644-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r161": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22658-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r162": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22663-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r163": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.M.Q2)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122038215&amp;loc=d3e31137-122693",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r164": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1448-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r165": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r166": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=SL5780133-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r167": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=SL5780133-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r168": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1337-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r169": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r17": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r170": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128363288&amp;loc=d3e3842-109258",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r171": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125520817&amp;loc=d3e70191-108054",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r172": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r173": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r174": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6161-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r175": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6191-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r176": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r177": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r178": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r179": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r18": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e637-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r180": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r181": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r182": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r183": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r184": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r185": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r186": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r187": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r188": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r189": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "40",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9031-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r19": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e681-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r190": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r191": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r192": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "42",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9054-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r193": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r194": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r195": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122640432&amp;loc=SL121648383-210437",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r196": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14435-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r197": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14557-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r198": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q2)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011672&amp;loc=d3e149879-122751",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r199": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q4)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011672&amp;loc=d3e149879-122751",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r2": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r20": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r200": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r201": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(A))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r202": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(B))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r203": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r204": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(5))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r205": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r206": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r207": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r208": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(C))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r209": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r21": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e557-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r210": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(5))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r211": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123466505&amp;loc=SL123495323-112611",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r212": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r213": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r214": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(g)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r215": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r216": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(i)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r217": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r218": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r219": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r22": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(10))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r220": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r221": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "16",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496180-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r222": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r223": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r224": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r225": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r226": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130531-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r227": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130532-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r228": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130551-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r229": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r23": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(20))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r230": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r231": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r232": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r233": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r234": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130556-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r235": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130558-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r236": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130561-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r237": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130563-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r238": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130563-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r239": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130564-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r24": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r240": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130566-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r241": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130566-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r242": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130566-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r243": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130566-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r244": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130543-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r245": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r246": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130549-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r247": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130550-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r248": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=49130388",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r249": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(i)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r25": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.1(e))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r250": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(n)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r251": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450657-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r252": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(3)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450657-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r253": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1D",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126961718&amp;loc=SL116886442-113899",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r254": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126961718&amp;loc=d3e4549-113899",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r255": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r256": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r257": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r258": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r259": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r26": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r260": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r261": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r262": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r263": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r264": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r265": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(04)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r266": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r267": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r268": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r269": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r27": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.4)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r270": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r271": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r272": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r273": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r274": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r275": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r276": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r277": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r278": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r279": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r28": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.9)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r280": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(v)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r281": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r282": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r283": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r284": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32247-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r285": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32280-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r286": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32672-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r287": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r288": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32705-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r289": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r29": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r290": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32840-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r291": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r292": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32847-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r293": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "21",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32857-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r294": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r295": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126983759&amp;loc=SL121830611-158277",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r296": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(3)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126983759&amp;loc=SL121830611-158277",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r297": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r298": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r299": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.3)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r3": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r30": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r300": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r301": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.C)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330215-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r302": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123586238&amp;loc=d3e38679-109324",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r303": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "270",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424409&amp;loc=d3e44925-109338",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r304": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424122&amp;loc=d3e41874-109331",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r305": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2144680",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r306": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128092470&amp;loc=d3e4946-128472",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r307": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=116870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-165988",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r308": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=116870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-165988",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r309": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(bb)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123419778&amp;loc=d3e5710-111685",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r31": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r310": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123419778&amp;loc=d3e5710-111685",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r311": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126731327&amp;loc=SL126733271-114008",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r312": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(3)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r313": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(4)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r314": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r315": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r316": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32136-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r317": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r318": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r319": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r32": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r320": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r321": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32583-110901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r322": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32618-110901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r323": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6897108&amp;loc=SL6897125-166521",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r324": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2175825",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r325": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "835",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450988&amp;loc=d3e26243-108391",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r326": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918627-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r327": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918627-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r328": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918666-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r329": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r33": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r330": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r331": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(3)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r332": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(4)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r333": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918701-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r334": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=77888251",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r335": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "848",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125980421&amp;loc=SL125981372-237846",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r336": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r337": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r338": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r339": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r34": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r340": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39691-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r341": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122745",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r342": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-165662",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r343": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122774",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r344": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r345": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "910",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126937589&amp;loc=SL119991595-234733",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r346": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.L)",

"Topic": "924",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6472922&amp;loc=d3e499488-122856",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r347": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e61929-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r348": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e61929-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r349": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62059-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r35": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r350": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62059-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r351": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62395-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r352": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62395-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r353": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "33",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62479-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r354": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "33",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e62479-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r355": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "35A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=SL6807758-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r356": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "35A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=SL6807758-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r357": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e61872-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r358": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126939881&amp;loc=d3e61872-109447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r359": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(26))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r36": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r360": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(27))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r361": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-05(b)(2))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399901&amp;loc=d3e537907-122884",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r362": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124429447&amp;loc=SL124453093-239630",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r363": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r364": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(22))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r365": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(23))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r366": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(9))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r367": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124506351&amp;loc=SL117782755-158439",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r368": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r369": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(1)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r37": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4273-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r370": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r371": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r372": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r373": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(2)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r374": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))",

"Topic": "948",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402547&amp;loc=d3e617274-123014",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r375": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "450",

"Topic": "954",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6491354&amp;loc=d3e6049-115624",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r376": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=d3e99779-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r377": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=d3e99893-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r378": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=SL120174063-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r379": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column B))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r38": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r380": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column C))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r381": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column D))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r382": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column E))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r383": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column F))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r384": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column G))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r385": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column H))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r386": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column I))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r387": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r388": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "976",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6497875&amp;loc=d3e22274-108663",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r389": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "978",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126945304&amp;loc=d3e27327-108691",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r39": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=SL98516268-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r390": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r391": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r392": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r393": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126899994&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r394": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "52",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128363288&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r395": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r396": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "31",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8924-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r397": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123466505&amp;loc=SL123495323-112611",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r398": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r399": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r4": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r40": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122369",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r400": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450702-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r401": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450673-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r402": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=35742348&amp;loc=SL14450788-114948",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r403": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "53",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123414884&amp;loc=SL77918982-209971",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r404": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84165509&amp;loc=d3e56426-112766",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r405": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13H",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126561865&amp;loc=SL117783719-158441",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r406": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29F",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126561865&amp;loc=SL117819544-158441",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r407": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r408": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r409": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b-2",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r41": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122394",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r410": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b-23",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r411": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "d1-1",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r412": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "g",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r413": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12, 13, 15d",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r414": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "13e",

"Subsection": "4c",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r415": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "14d",

"Subsection": "2b",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r416": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "15",

"Subsection": "d",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r417": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "14a",

"Subsection": "12",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r418": {

"Name": "Form 10-K",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "310",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r419": {

"Name": "Form 10-Q",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "308",

"Subsection": "a",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r42": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r420": {

"Name": "Form 20-F",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "220",

"Subsection": "f",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r421": {

"Name": "Form 40-F",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "240",

"Subsection": "f",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r422": {

"Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "13",

"Subsection": "a-1",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r423": {

"Name": "Regulation S-T",

"Number": "232",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "405",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r424": {

"Name": "Securities Act",

"Number": "230",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "405",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r425": {

"Name": "Securities Act",

"Number": "230",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "425",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r426": {

"Name": "Securities Act",

"Number": "7A",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "B",

"Subsection": "2",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r427": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14615-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef"

},

"r428": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314020-165662",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef"

},

"r429": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "205",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124429488&amp;loc=d3e326-107755",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r43": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3630-109257",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r430": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(20))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r431": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442407-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r432": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442411-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r433": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124452729-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r434": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(4))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r435": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r436": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r437": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(1)(Note 1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r438": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(k)(1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r439": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21914-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r44": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r440": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21930-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r441": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21711-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r442": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22595-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r443": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4647-111522",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r444": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e5033-111524",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r445": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84159169&amp;loc=d3e10133-111534",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r446": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84159169&amp;loc=d3e10149-111534",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r447": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84159169&amp;loc=d3e10178-111534",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r448": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r449": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "410",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6393242&amp;loc=d3e13237-110859",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r45": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r450": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(ii))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r451": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r452": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123466505&amp;loc=SL123495323-112611",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r453": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r454": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "705",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122478",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r455": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r456": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r457": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r458": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r459": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r46": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r460": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r461": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r462": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r463": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r464": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r465": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(04)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r466": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r467": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r468": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r469": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r47": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2134479",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r470": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r471": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r472": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r473": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r474": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r475": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r476": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r477": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r478": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r479": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r48": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 4.E)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122038336&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r480": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(v)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r481": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r482": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r483": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r484": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r485": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r486": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r487": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "808",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6931272&amp;loc=SL5834143-161434",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r488": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(3)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r489": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(bbb)(2)",

"Topic": "820",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126976982&amp;loc=d3e19207-110258",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r49": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r490": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r491": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "230",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123444420&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r492": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918638-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r493": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r494": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r495": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(1)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r496": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r497": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918701-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r498": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39599-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r499": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r5": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r50": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r500": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124433192&amp;loc=SL2890621-112765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r501": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124433192&amp;loc=SL2890621-112765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r502": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r503": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r504": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(3)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r505": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r506": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r507": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

}

}

},

"version": "2.2"

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r51": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r52": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r53": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r54": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2155823",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r55": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "460",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126907703&amp;loc=d3e12565-110249",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r56": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r57": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r58": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2208762",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r59": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "710",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6409733&amp;loc=d3e19524-108361",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r6": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r60": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "30",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "710",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6409875&amp;loc=d3e20015-108363",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r61": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r62": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e2410-114920",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r63": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r64": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e2439-114920",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r65": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123450688&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r66": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r67": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r68": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r69": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r7": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(31))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r70": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r71": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r72": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r73": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r74": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79982066&amp;loc=d3e1392-128463",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r75": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79982066&amp;loc=d3e1486-128463",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r76": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126929396&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r77": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126929396&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r78": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(3)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r79": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c),(3)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r8": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(32))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r80": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2197479",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r81": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "230",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123444420&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r82": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r83": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "835",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124435984&amp;loc=d3e28555-108399",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r84": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r85": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r86": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r87": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "940",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126941158&amp;loc=d3e41242-110953",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r88": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(11))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r89": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(23))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r9": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r90": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.10(3))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r91": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.10)",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r92": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(3),(4))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r93": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(4))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r94": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(5))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r95": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.7(e))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r96": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(15))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r97": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(22))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r98": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.9)",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r99": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(17))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"