ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## CHARACTERISTICS  OF  GEM  OF  THE  STOCK  EXCHANGE  OF  HONG  KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware  of  the  potential  risks  of  investing  in  such  companies  and  should  make  the  decision  to  invest  only after due and careful consideration. The greater risk profile and other characteristics of GEM mean that it is a market more suited to professional and other sophisticated investors.

Given the emerging nature of companies listed on GEM, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (the 'Directors') of Wealth Glory Holdings Limited (the 'Company') collectively and  individually  accept  full  responsibility,  includes  particulars  given  in  compliance  with  the  Rules  Governing the  Listing  of  Securities  on  GEM  of  the  Stock  Exchange  for  the  purpose  of  giving  information  with  regard  to the  Company.  The  Directors,  having  made  all  reasonable  enquiries,  confirm  that  to  the  best  of  their  knowledge and  belief:  (1)  the  information  contained  in  this  report  is  accurate  and  complete  in  all  material  respects  and  not misleading or deceptive, and (2) there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## Contents

| Page  Corporate Information  3  Director's Statement  4  Management Discussion and Analysis  5  Directors and Senior Management Biographies  11  Directors' Report  12  Corporate Governance Report  22  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  36  Independent Auditor's Report  57  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  62  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  63  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  65  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  66  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  68  Financial Summary  136   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tse Sing Yu Ms. Lin Su

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Liu Yongsheng Mr. Tam Chak Chi Mr. Chan Ka Hung

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Yung Kai Wing Mr. Tse Sing Yu

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Tse Sing Yu

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yung Kai Wing

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Room 1104, Crawford House 70 Queen's Road Central, Central, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

SMP Partners (Cayman) Limited Royal Bank House, 3rd Floor, 24 Shedden Road P.O. Box 1586, Grand Cayman KY1-1110 Cayman Islands

## Corporate Information

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Union Registrars Limited 33/F, Two Chinachem Exchange Square, 338 King's Road, North Point, Hong Kong

## AUDITOR

Elite Partners CPA Limited 10/F., 8 Observatory Road Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd. Bank of Communications Co., Ltd., Hong Kong Branch Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited

## LISTING INFORMATION

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited Ordinary shares (Stock Code: 8269)

## COMPANY WEBSITE

www.wealthglory.com

## Director's Statement

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board of directors (the 'Board') of Wealth Glory Holdings Limited, I am pleased to present to you the annual results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 31 March 2022 (the 'Current Financial Year').

In 2021, the spread of the novel coronavirus infection continuously contracted the economy and also the Group's business.

In previous years, the Group's business was mainly focused on the trading of natural resources and commodities; sale of trendy products and money lending business. We also utilized its short term idle funds on investing in listed securities.  We  strived  to  seek  for  other  suitable  investment  opportunities  to  diversify  our  business  into  different spectrums.

The  Group  continued  to  focus  on  MD  Inc.  Limited  ('MD')  which  is  engaged  in  design,  manufacture,  produce, market,  sales  and  distribution  of  bags,  storage  cases  for  electronic  accessories  and  components,  trendy  fashion apparels and accessories in Hong Kong and Asia markets. Given that MD's products are those trendy products with their  end-users/customers  being  young  generations  and  MD  Group  is  actively  participated  in  different  marketing activities  in  order  to  strengthen  the  market  appearance. During the year, MD Group continue to expand the sales network,  improve  the  research  and  development  skills  and  co-operation  with  sizable  and  famous  brands,  and we believed that the sales and distribution of  trendy  products  have  a  high  potential  in  the  Asia  region  especially Greater China.

Looking  forward,  the  Group's  business  environment  is  expected  to  be  remained  challenging.  In  view  of  the uncertainties  of  the  effects  from  potential  global  issues,  local  social  incidents  and  the  spread  of  the  novel coronavirus  infection,  we  will  continue  to  capitalize  on  our  strong  business  connections  to  develop  our  existing businesses  whilst  capture  any  arising  opportunities  to  diversify  the  Group's  business.  Lastly,  I  would  like  to represent the Board to take this opportunity to thank the management and all of our colleagues for their dedication and  support  to  the  Group  in  such  challenging  year.  I  would  also  like  to  express  our  sincere  gratitude  to  our customers, suppliers and business partners for their continued support.

## Tse Sing Yu

Executive Director

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

For  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  operations  recorded  a  revenue  of  HK$51.6  million  as  compared to HK$50.5 million in the previous year, representing an increase of 2.2%. The increase was mainly attributable to the resumption of operations of sales of consumer products. The money lending business also contributed HK$1.7 million  (2021:  HK$1.9  million)  to  the  Group's  revenue  during  the  year.  The  Group's  gross  profit  in  relation  to  its operations slightly decreased from HK$4.5 million in last year to HK$3.9 million in the current year under review.

The Group recorded other income of HK$58,000 (2021: HK$2.1 million). The decrease was mainly attributable to the absence of imputed interest arising from loans to investee.

Other gains and losses recorded during the year was a net loss of HK$1.7 million (2021: net loss of HK$1.3 million. The increase was resulting from the increase in loss from changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL from approximately gain of HK$0.6 million to loss of approximately HK$1.1 million.

Administrative  expenses  and  other  expenses  (the  'Operating  Expenses')  incurred  for  the  year  ended  31  March 2022 amounted to HK$26.2 million (2021: HK$27.4 million). After excluding the major non-cash items in relation to amortization of intangible assets, depreciation charges, written-off of FVTOCI and movie script deposit, bad debts and  the  share-based  payments,  operating  Expenses  for  this  year  would  have  amounted  to  HK$16.7  million  as compared to HK$14 million in the previous year on the same basis, representing an increase of 19.3% which was mainly attributable to the increase in share-based payments expenses incurred during the year.

The  Group  incurred  finance  costs  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  amounted  to  HK$0.3  million  (2021:  HK$0.6 million) which was mainly composed of interest payable on borrowings, interest on lease liabilities and the imputed interest on bonds issued by the Group.

The Group recorded a loss attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$28.1 million for the year as compared the amount in 2021 of approximately HK$66.7 million, representing a decrease of HK$38.6 million. Such decrease was mainly due to the absence of the impairment of goodwill of approximately HK$29.4 million and the reversal of impairment loss on loans to investees of approximately HK$5 million.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  business  was  organized  in  four  segments  namely  (i)  Natural Resources and Commodities; (ii) Branding, Trendy Fashion Merchandise and Other Consumers Products; (iii) Money Lending; and (iv) Securities Investment.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Natural Resources and Commodities

## Natural Resources and Commodities Trading Business

The Group switched more resources to the sales of consumer products and trendy fashion merchandises segment which  has  a  great  potential  on  its  business  performance.  The  COVID-19  continue  to  affect  this  business  during the year. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group continued engaging in the trading of crude palm oil via its  wholly-owned  subsidiary  and  recorded  a  turnover  of  HK$18.4  million  (2021:  HK$25.5  million).  The  Group  will continue monitoring the business environment and conditions in carrying out the related trades.

## Branding, Trendy Fashion Merchandise and Others Consumer Products

The  Group's  sale  of  consumer  products  and  trendy  fashion  merchandises  was  carried  out  by  its  wholly-owned subsidiary,  MD  Inc.  Limited  ('MD'  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  'MD  Group').  The  MD  Group  has  been experienced  in  a  turning  point  although  the  financial  figures  had  not  reflected  the  true  picture  of  MD  which was  mainly  due  to  the  continuance  of  COVID-19  which  results  in  delay  in  the  expansion  of  this  business.  The MD recorded  a  turnover  of  HK$31.5  million  (2021:  HK$23.1  million)  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022.  MD  had timely  switched  its  resources  to  other  profitable  segment  including  but  not  limited  to  the  sales  of  trendy  fashion merchandises  and  other  consumer  products  of  favorable  brands  and  own  branded  products.  MD's  technical and  research  and  development  skills  was  recognised  by  the  customers  which  built  up  the  confidence  on  the differentiated  own  branded  products  by  adding  technical  function  on  the  existing  products.  Responses  from potential  buyers  was  encouraged  particularly  on  the  functionality  products  with  different  technical  functions. Besides, MD had approached and cross designed with several favorable brands, even Nintendo and FILA. In order to increase the brand appearance, the MD will continue to develop and register new intellectual properties and has been  actively  participated  in  different  marketing  activities  such  as  trade  fairs  and  exhibitions  in  particular  those organized in the major cities of the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') such as the 20th Shanghai International Children Baby Maternity Industry Expo. At the Expo, MD displayed a variety of merchandises which were designed and produced by MD. However, due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the expo has stopped this year. MD only tried another ways to increase the brand awareness such as placing advertisements on internet. MD continue to develop different somatosensory games and will made use of this hot technology to promote the brand name in the coming years  and  linked  up  with  other  merchandises  to  be  produced  by  MD.  In  order  to  expansion  this  business,  MD started  to  increase  the  sale  channels,  provide  a  flexible  credit  terms  to  customers  and  add  a  new  profit  sharing sales model to attract the dealers and maximise the profit.

MD  Group  has  resumed  operations  while  the  Directors  consider  that  the  impact  of  COVID-19  on  the  Group's operations  and  future  prospects  may  affected  by  the  duration  of  the  epidemic,  the  implementation  of  regulatory policies and relevant protective measures which might affect the business environment that the Group is operating at.  However,  the  Group  are  optimistic  with  this  business,  confidence  was  built  by  the  satisfaction  with  our differentiated products by the potential buyers. The Group believed that once the COVID-19 was being controlled, MD's business will resume as normal and looking forward to the expansion of the business with well utilised the proceeds raised by right issues during the year.

The Group will stay alert on the development and situation of the COVID-19, continue to assess its impacts on the financial position and operating results of the Group and take necessary actions to mitigate its business risk. Up to the date of this report, the aforesaid assessment is still in progress.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The  Group  intended  to  expand  this  business.  The  Group  believed  that  the  funding  from  rights  issue  and  the technical functions affiliate with well marketing strategies would add value to its merchandises and would facilitate an explosive growth of MD's business including the growth in revenue and margins as the high-tech differentiated products can contribute higher profit margin.

## Money Lending

The Group's money lending business recorded a revenue of HK$1.7 million (2021: HK$1.9 million), which comprised interest  income  generated.  According  to  the  management's  observation  and  taking  into  account  the  positive results of the money lending business, the Group believes that there is a constant demand in the market allowing a further growth of this business segment and is confident that it will continue to contribute positively to the Group's overall results. Nonetheless, as the business is capital-driven in nature, the Group will constantly assess the level of resources to be allocated to this business segment with reference to the availability of capital. In the meantime, it  will  closely  monitor  the  market  conditions  and  operating  environment  in  order  to  strike  a  balance  between  the returns and the associated business risks.

## Securities Investment

During the year, the Group's securities investment segment continued to focus on listed securities in Hong Kong. It recorded a net loss in securities investments of HK$1.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: net loss of HK$0.4 million) which was composed of a loss on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL of HK$0.6 million (2021: loss of HK$1 million) and a loss from changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL of HK$1.1 million (2021: gain  of  HK$0.6  million).  As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  held  an  investment  portfolio  with  fair  value  of  HK$0.7 million  (31  March  2021:  HK$2.7  million).  There  was  no  dividend  income  generated  for  the  year  ended  31  March 2022.

The  local  securities  market  remanded  volatile  daring  the  year.  In  view  of  this,  the  Group  will  hold  a  diversified portfolio across different segment of the market with an effort to minimize the associated risk.

## Financial Position

Net assets value of the Group as at 31 March 2022 amounted to HK$48 million compared to HK$69.1 million as at  31  March  2021.  The  decrease  was  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in  cash  and  cash  equivalent  resulting  from  the increase  in  marketing  expenses  and  sales  channels  in  order  to  expand  the  business  of  sales  of  trendy  fashion merchandises and consumer products.

The total non-current assets of the Group decreased from HK$2.6 million as at 31 March 2021 to HK$0.3 million as at 31 March 2022. The decrease was mainly due to the absence of leasehold improvements.

Net  current  assets  as  at  31  March  2022  amounted  to  HK$47.7  million  as  compared  to  HK$66.5  million  in  the previous year. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in cash and cash equivalent.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

The Group's gearing ratio as at 31 March 2022 was nil (2021: 12.3%). The Group defines gearing ratio as ratio of net  debt  over  equity  plus  net  debt  in  which  net  debt  represents  total  of  promissory  note,  bonds,  bank  overdraft and bank and other borrowings. The current ratio (ratio of current assets to current liabilities) of the Group as at 31 March 2022 was approximately 2.7 (2021: 3.2) which has slightly decreased as compared to the previous year.

As at 31 March 2022, No banking facilities available to the Group (2021: Nil).

## Update on Refund of Deposit

On  1  August  2014,  the  Company,  as  purchaser,  entered  into  a  memorandum  of  understanding  ('MOU')  with Southernpec  Storage  and  Logistics  Holding  Limited  (the  'Vendor'),  as  vendor,  for  the  proposed  acquisition  of Southernpec Singapore Storage and Logistics Limited. Pursuant to a supplemental memorandum of understanding, the  Company paid  a  refundable  deposit  of  HK$10  million  (the  'Deposit').  The  MOU  lapsed  on  31  July  2015  and the  Deposit  shall  be  returned  by  the  Vendor  to  the  Company  in  full  within  three  business  days.  However,  the Vendor was failed to return the Deposit within the said period and the parties were unable to reach a consensus on  the  repayment  schedule.  Following  a  series  of  negotiations  and  actions  (including  legal  proceedings  against the  Vendor  for  the  recovery  of  the  Deposit)  taken  against  the  Vendor  on  the  delay  in  repayment  of  the  Deposit, the  Company  has  reached  a  settlement  agreement  (the  'Settlement  Agreement')  with  the  Vendor.  Pursuant  to the  Settlement  Agreement,  in  consideration  of  the  Company's  forbearance  to  sue  and  to  proceed  with  the  legal proceedings  and  to  withdraw/discontinue  such  legal  proceedings  against  the  Vendor,  the  Vendor  irrevocably covenants with the Company that the Vendor shall pay to the Company a sum of HK$5,000,000 (the 'Settlement Sum') by instalments over a period of 18 months from the date of the Settlement Agreement as the full and final settlement of the Deposit (the 'Settlement'). In view of the failure of receiving the Settlement Sum in accordance to  the  payment  schedule,  an  amount  of  HK$9.5  million  (being  the  difference  of  the  Deposit  and  the  amount  paid by the Vendor to the Company up to the date of this report) was impaired and charged to the profit and loss for the year ended 31 March 2016. At the date of the report, the Settlement Sum of HK$1.4 million for payment was outstanding.  The  Company  will  continue  to  monitor  the  payments  from  the  Vendor  and  update  its  shareholders where appropriate.

## Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies

During  the  year,  the  Group  did  not  have  other  material  acquisitions  and  disposals  of  subsidiaries  and  affiliated companies.

## Significant Investments

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  held-for-trading  investments  amounted  to  HK$0.7  million  represented  were equity investments listed in Hong Kong. Details of the significant investments are as follows:

| Company Name  Fair value  change  Fair value at  31 March 2022  Approximate  percentage of  held-for-trading  investment  Approximate  percentage to  the Group's total  asset as at  31 March 2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Wei (Asia) Holdings Group Limited  (960)  178  24.6  0.2%  Echo International Holdings Group Limited  (86)  48  6.6  0.1%  HMVOD Limited  (180)  404  56.1  0.5%  Other securities with individual fair value  less than 5% of the aggregate  held-for-trading investment as at  31 March 2022  91  91  12.7  0.1%  (1,135)  721  100.0  0.9%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Management and Policy and Foreign Currency Risk

The  Group's  finance  division  manages  the  financial  risks  of  the  Group.  One  of  the  key  objectives  of  the  Group's treasury  policy  is  to  manage  its  exposure  to  fluctuations  in  foreign  currency  exchange  rates.  The  Group  has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and liabilities are principally denominated  in  the  functional  currencies  of  the  respective  Group  entities.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy  in  respect  of  foreign  currency  transactions,  assets  and  liabilities.  The  Group has  assessed  its  foreign  exchange  rate  risk  exposure  and  has  not  entered  into  any  foreign  exchange  hedging arrangement  during  the  year  and  as  at  year  end  date.  In  any  event,  the  Group  will  monitor  its  foreign  currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## Treasury Policies and Credit Risk Management

The  Group  consistently  employed  a  prudent  treasury  policy  during  its  development  and  generally  financed  its operations  and  business  development  with  internally  generated  resources  and  equity  and/or  debt  financing activities. The Group also adopted flexible and prudent fiscal policies to effectively manage the Group's assets and liabilities and strengthen the Group's financial position.

To  manage  liquidity  risk,  the  Board  closely  monitors  the  Group's  liquidity  position  to  ensure  that  the  liquidity structure of the Group's assets, liabilities and commitments can meet its funding requirements.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Contingent Liabilities and Pledge of Assets

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  neither  significant  charges  on  its  assets  nor  any  significant  contingent liabilities (2021: Nil).

## USE OF PROCEEDS

The Company would like to provide information on the use of proceeds as follow:

| Nature  Original intended  use of proceeds  stated in  circular dated  30 September 2020  Actual use of  proceeds as at  the date of  this report  Remaining  balance  Progress  HK$'million  HK$'million  HK$'million  Rights Issue  Repayment of bond and  other borrowings  13.1  13.1  -  Used as intended  Expansion of sales channels  9.7  9.7  -  Used as intended  Development of new merchandises  and other consumer products  4.4  4.4  -  Used as intended  Marketing activities and use of  third-party intellectual properties  4.0  4.0  -  Used as intended  General working capital  7.9  7.9  -  Used as intended  39.1  39.1  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  52  (2021:  50)  employees,  including  the  Directors.  Total  staff  cost  for  the year  ended  31  March  2022  amounted  to  approximately  HK$9.8  million  (2021:  HK$4.3  million).  Staff  remuneration is  determined  with  reference  to  market  terms  and  the  performance,  qualification  and  experience  of  individual employee. It comprised of monthly salaries, provident fund contributions, other allowances and discretionary share options issued based on their contribution to the Group. The Group also participates in a retirement benefit scheme for its staff in the PRC and a defined statutory mandatory provident fund scheme to its employees in Hong Kong. The Group has adopted a share option scheme of which the Board may, at its discretion, grant options to eligible participants of the share option scheme. As at the date of this report, a total of 71,901,900 share options remain unexercised.

## OUTLOOK

The Group started to restructure its  strategic  business  position  and  focus  its  resources  in  pursuing  development opportunities of other existing businesses of the Group. On the other hand, the Group will continue to focus on the sales of consumer products and trendy fashion merchandises. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to develop its  existing  business  either  via  organic  growth  or  by  acquisition  of  related  businesses  if  appropriate.  The  Board will  also  utilize  its  business connections to identify other investment opportunities in order to diversify its existing business  for  enhancing  its  shareholder's  return.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  will  continue  its  existing  businesses  with on-going monitoring on their performances so that resources can be allocated to appropriate business segments with the view to maximize the returns to its shareholders.

## Directors and Senior Management Biographies

## DIRECTORS

## MR. TSE SING YU, Executive Director

Mr.  Tse  Sing  Yu  ('Mr.  Tse') ,  aged  41,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  director  in  September  2016.  Mr.  Tse  is currently  the  chief  operating  officer  (the  'COO')  of  the  Company.  He  is  specialized  in  strategic  planning  with extensive  experience  in  corporate  management  and  business  promotion  particularly  in  the  catering  and  retail industries.

## MS. LIN SU, Executive Director

Ms. Lin Su ('Ms. Lin') ,  aged  38,  was  appointed  as  an  executive  director  in  September  2016.  Ms.  Lin  graduated from 陝西國際商貿學院 (Shanxi Institute of International Trade &amp; Commerce*) in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') specialized in computer information management. Ms. Lin has over ten years of experience in the finance industry. Prior to joining the Company, she held senior position in a sizeable financial institution in the PRC.

## MR. TAM CHAK CHI, Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Tam Chak Chi ('Mr. Tam') , aged 45, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee in September 2013. Mr. Tam holds a bachelor's degree of commerce from the University of Toronto. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and a member of each of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Chartered Global Management Accountant. Mr.  Tam  has  more  than  15  years  of  experience  in  providing  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  services  and  has served  various  senior  positions  at  various  private  and  listed  companies.  Mr.  Tam  is  currently  an  independent non-executive  director  of  Hong  Kong  Finance  Investment  Holding  Group  Limited  (Stock  Code:  0007),  the  shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Tam is an independent non-executive director of AL Group Limited (Stock Code: 8360) and an executive director of My Heart Bodibra Group Limited (Stock Code: 8297), both companies' share are listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange, and a financial consultant of various private companies.

## MR. CHAN KA HUNG, Independent Non-executive Director

Mr.  Chan  Ka  Hung  ('Mr.  Chan') ,  aged  40,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  in  October 2016. Mr. Chan holds a bachelor's degree of Applied Physics from the City University of Hong Kong. He has over 12 years of experience in project management and business development in the industrial and manufacturing field particularly in the semiconductor industry.

## MR. LIU YONGSHENG, Independent Non-executive Director

Mr.  Liu  Yongsheng  ('Mr.  Liu') ,  aged  67,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  in  October 2016. Mr. Liu has extensive experience in the real estate industry and the jewelry industry in The People's Republic of China. He has over 30 years of marketing management experience in the said industries.

## Directors' Report

The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  principal  activity  of  the  Company  is  investment  holding.  The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  trading  of natural resources and commodities; development and promotion of brands, design, manufacture and sale of trendy fashion merchandises and other consumer products; investment in securities; and money lending business.

The principal activities and other particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 March 2022 are set out in note 39 to the financial statements.

## SEGMENT INFORMATION

An  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  for  the  year  by  operating  segments  is  set  out  in  note  6  to  the  financial statements.

## RESULTS AND FINANCIAL POSITION

The  Group's  results  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  the financial statements on pages 62 to 136. The state of affairs of the Company as at 31 March 2022 are set out in note 40 to the financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The  business  review  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  is  set  out  in  'Director's  Statement'  and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on page 4 and pages 5 to 10 respectively of this annual report.

## KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Group's financial position, operations, business and prospects may be affected by the following identified risks and uncertainties.

## Business risks

The  Group's  money  lending  business  is  subject  to  risks  that  a  customer  or  counterparty  may  fail  to  perform  its contractual  obligations  on  payment  of  interest  as  the  principal  or  that  the  value  of  collateral  held  to  secure  the obligations might be inadequate. While the Group has internal policies and procedures designed to manage such risks,  these  policies  and  procedures  may  not  be  fully  effective.  Any  material  customers  delay  or  default  on  their payments could adversely affect the Group's financial  position  and  profitability.  Although  the  Group  has  adopted the  money  lending  policy  and  money  lending  procedure  manual  which  provide  guidelines  on  the  handling  and/or monitoring of the money lending procedures according to the Money Lenders Ordinance (Chapter 163 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Group may face the risk of breaching the relevant rules and regulations from time to time, which may result in penalty or other potential liabilities to the Group.

In addition, unfavourable movement on crude oil price will reduce the profitability of the operation.

The Group will update and monitor the risks exposures to the Group's businesses to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely manner.

## Strategic risks

The Directors maintain a strategic plan based on the knowledge to the external environments. The Group will invest in projects and investments based on the strategic plan in order to cope with the market demand and expectation. Given the rapid  change of  unforeseeable  external  environments  in  the  financial  and  equity  markets,  the  Group  is facing  significant  strategic  risks  on  its  investments  when  changing  the  strategic  plans  to  adopt  the  unexpected changes of external environments.

## Foreign exchange rates risks

The  Group  has  asset  and  liabilities  denominated  in  currencies  other  than  its  functional  currency  and  that  are subject  to  fluctuation  in  foreign  exchange  rate.  The  Group  monitors  the  foreign  exchange  exposure  and  will consider to hedge significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## Directors' Report

## Directors' Report

## Operational risks

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or fail internal processes, people and system, or from external  events.  In  order  to  manage  these  risks,  the  Group  had  set  a  standard  operational  procedures,  limits  of authority  and  reporting  framework  and  invests  in  human  resources  and  equipments  to  manage  and  reduce  the operational risks exposure.

## Liquidity risks

Liquidity  risk  is  the  potential  that  our  Group  will  not  be  able  to  meet  its  obligations  when  fall  due.  In  order  to manage the liquidity risk, the Group will continually monitors cash flows and maintains an adequate level of cash and credit facilities to ensure the Group to meet its finance needs.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATION

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Company  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  any relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact to the Group.

## RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Employees  are  the  assets  of  the  Group.  The  Group  provides  competitive  remuneration  package  and  a  pleasant workplace environment to attract and motivate the employees. An annual performance evaluation will be conducted annually  based  on  individual's  contributions  and  achievements  throughout  the  year  and  the  Group  will  make necessary adjustments based on the result of the performance evaluation.

In  addition  to  the  salaries,  the  Group  had  set  up  a  mandatory  provident  fund  scheme  ('MPF  Scheme')  in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance and medical insurance plan for our staffs in Hong Kong. The  MPF  Scheme  is  subject  to  regulations  under  the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  Ordinance  and  is  a defined  contribution  retirement  plan  administrated  by  independent  trustees.  The  Group's  staffs  in  the  PRC  are entitled to national statutory social insurance under the statutory Employment Ordinance of the PRC.

The  Group  understands  the  importance  of  maintaining  a  good  relationship  with  our  business  partners,  which including  the  Group's  customers  and  suppliers.  The  Group  believes  that  a  healthy  relationship  can  be  build  up by  providing  better  products  and  enhanced  services  to  the  customers,  maintaining  an  effective  communication channel to the employees and collaborating with key suppliers.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES

The  Group  is  committed  to  reducing  its  carbon  footprint  and  consumption  of  natural  resources  in  all  possible aspects  of  business  operations.  Our  environmental  strategy  is  to  achieve  a  balance  between  the  quality  and efficiency  of  our  services  and  the  minimization  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions  and  environmental  degradation. Accordingly, the Group has taken a proactive approach to effect internal and external communications by means of telephone, emails and conferences or such other communication means which are efficient yet environmentally friendly. Also, we are able to minimize physical travelling and printing.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company are set out in note 33 to the financial statements.

## RESERVES

The  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  40  to  the financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 65 respectively.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board did not declare an interim dividend and did not recommend the payment of the final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  are  set  out  in  note  16  to  the  financial statements.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under  the  Companies  Law  (Revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands,  the  share  premium  account  of  the  Company  is available  for  distributions  or  payment  of  dividends  to  shareholders  of  the  Company  subject  to  the  provisions  of the articles  of  association  (the  'Articles  of  Association')  of  the  Company,  provided  that  immediately  following  the distribution of dividends, the Company is able to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company who held office during the year and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tse Sing Yu Ms. Lin Su

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tam Chak Chi Mr. Liu Yongsheng Mr. Chan Ka Hung

In  accordance with Articles 84(1) and 84(2) of the Company's Articles of Association, Mr. Tse Sing Yu and Mr. Liu Yongsheng shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

All other existing Directors shall continue in office.

## Directors' Report

Biographical details of all the Directors are set out on page 11 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Executive Directors  has  entered  into  a  service  contract  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of  three  years, which may be terminated by not less than three months' prior notice in writing served by either party on the other.

The Independent Non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term of three years in accordance with their respective  appointment  letters,  which  may  be  terminated  by  not  less  than  two  months'  prior  notice  in  writing served by either party on the other.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  no  Director  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  has  a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

Particulars of the emoluments of the Directors on a named basis for the year are set out in note 11 to the financial statements.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant  to  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association,  every  Director  shall  be  entitled  to  be  indemnified  out  of  the assets  and  profits  of  the  Company  from  and  against  all  actions,  costs,  charges,  losses,  damages  and  expense which they or any of them may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The  Company has arranged appropriate directors'  and  officers'  liability  insurance  coverage  for  the  Directors  and officers of the Group throughout the year.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS IN SHARES AND SHARE OPTIONS

As at 31 March 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) ('SFO') which were required to be notified  to  the  Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests  and  short  positions  which  the  Directors  and  chief  executive  of  the  Company  were  deemed  or  taken  to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the  SFO;  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  the  required  standard  of dealings by Directors as referred to in Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, were as follows:

## Aggregate long positions in shares or underlying shares

| Name of Directors  Capacity of interests  Number of  shares held  Number of  share  Options held  Total  interests  Approximate  percentage of  total issued  shares  Mr. Tse Sing Yu  Beneficial owner  2,790,000  7,190,190  9,980,190  1.34%  Ms. Lin Su  Beneficial owner  2,790,000  7,190,190  9,980,190  1.34%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company had any other interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any associated corporation  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO)  which  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  or  short  positions which they were deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be and are recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO; or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save  as  disclosures  on  the  share  options  granted  to  the  Directors  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  and  Chief Executive's Interests in Shares and Share Options' above, at no time during the year were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Directors or their respective associates,  or  were  any  such  rights  exercised  by  them;  or  was  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries,  or  its holding  company,  or  any  of  its  fellow  subsidiaries  a  party  to  any  arrangement  to  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER'S INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

At no time during the year ended 31 March 2022 had the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and the controlling shareholders or any of its subsidiaries entered into any contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.

## Directors' Report

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SHARES

As at 31 March 2022, according to the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of SFO, and so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, there is no person had, or was deemed or taken to  have,  an  interest  or  short  positions  in  the  Shares  or  underlying  Shares  which  would  fall  to  be  disclosed  to  the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or who were directly or indirectly interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital, including options in  respect  of  such  capital,  carrying  voting  rights  to  vote  in  all  circumstances  at  general  meeting  of  any  other member of the Group.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Details of the Company's share option scheme are set out in note 35 to the financial statements.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURE

Share options are granted to the Directors under the Scheme. Details of the Company's share option scheme are set out in note 35 to the financial statements.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  at  no  time  during  the  year  was  the  Company,  its  subsidiaries  or  its  ultimate  holding company or any subsidiary of such ultimate holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

No Director had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the year.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or in existence during the year.

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy for the employees of the group is formulated on the basis of their merit, qualifications and competence and it is the Group's policy to compensate each employee fairly and equitably.

The  emoluments  of  the  Directors  are  decided  by  the  Remuneration  Committee,  having  regard  to  the  Group's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.

The Company has adopted a share option scheme as an incentive to Directors and eligible employees, details of the scheme is set out in note 35 to the financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  Company has received, from each of the  Independent  Non-executive  Director,  an  annual  confirmation  of  his independence  pursuant  to  Rule  5.09  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules.  The  Company  considers  all  of  the  Independent Non-executive Directors are independent.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year, there were no connected transactions entered into by the Group.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

During  the  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Directors  are  not  aware  of  any  business  or  interest  of  the Directors, the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates (as defined under the GEM Listing Rules) that compete or may compete with the business of the Group and any other conflict of interest which any such person has or may have with the Group.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's Articles of Association or the laws of Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the latest  practicable  date  prior  to  the  issue  of  this  annual  report,  there  is  sufficient  public  float  in  the  issued  share capital of the Company pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.

## Directors' Report

## Directors' Report

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year, the Group's five largest customers accounted for approximately 73% of the Group's revenue and the largest customer included therein accounted for approximately 27% of the Group's revenue.

During the year, the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 90% of the Group's purchases and the largest supplier included therein accounted for approximately 36% of the Group's purchases.

At all times during the year, none of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders of the Company (which to the  knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) have an interest in any of the Group's five largest customers and suppliers.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

Particulars of the retirement benefits schemes are set out in note 34 to the financial statements.

## GROUP FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 136 of this annual report.

## PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

There was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of any listed securities of the Company during the year.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A report on the principal corporate governance practice adopted by the Company is set out in pages 22 to 35 of this annual report.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee has reviewed with the management of the Company the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 and discussed with the management of the Company on auditing, internal control, financial  reporting  matters  as  well  as  risk  management  function.  Information  on  the  composition  of  the  Audit Committee is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 22 to 35 of this annual report.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

The financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 was audited by Elite Partners CPA Limited whose term of office will be expired upon the forthcoming annual general meeting. An ordinary resolution for the re-appointment of  Elite  Partners  CPA  Limited  as  the  auditor  of  the  Company  for  the  subsequent  year  will  be  proposed  at  the forthcoming annual general meeting.

## REVIEW OF ANNUAL REPORT

This annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022 has been reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Company, which was of the opinion that the information contained therein had complied with the disclosure requirements of the GEM Listing Rules, and that adequate disclosures had been made.

By order of the Board Tse Sing Yu

Executive Director

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

## Directors' Report

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Board  is  pleased  to  present  this  Corporate  Governance  Report  in  the  Company's  annual  report  for  the  year ended 31 March 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Company  is  committed  to  achieving  high  standards  of  corporate  governance  to  protect  the  interests  of shareholders  and  enhance  shareholder  value.  The  Company  acknowledges  the  important  role  of  its  Board  in providing  effective  leadership  and  direction  to  the  Group's  business,  and  ensuring  accountability,  transparency, fairness and integrity of the Company's operations.

Throughout  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Company  has  complied  with  all  the  code  provisions  (the  'CG Code') on Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report contained in Appendix 15 of the GEM Listing Rules except for certain deviations as explained below.

In  respect  of  the  code  provision  A.6.7  of  the  CG  Code,  independent  non-executive  Directors  and  other non-executive Directors should attend the general meetings of the Company. Two of the independent non-executive Directors  were  unable  to  attend  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  27  September  2021 respectively due to other business engagements.

Under code provision A.1.3 of the CG Code, notice of at least 14 days should be given of a regular board meeting to  all  Directors  to  give  all  Directors  an  opportunity  to  attend.  During  the  year,  certain  Board  meetings  were convened with less than 14 days' notice to facilitate the Directors' timely reaction and expeditious decision making process in  respect  of  investment  opportunity  and  internal  affairs  of  the  Group.  All  Board  meetings,  nevertheless, were duly convened and held in the way prescribed by the Articles of Association of the Company. The Board will use reasonable endeavour to meet the requirement of code provision A.1.3 of the CG Code in future. Adequate and appropriate information are circulated normally three days in advance of Board meetings to the Directors.

The  Board  will  continue  to  monitor  and  review  the  corporate  governance  principle  and  practices  to  ensure compliance.

## THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Responsibilities and Delegation

The  Board  is  responsible  for  establishing  policies,  strategic  direction,  providing  leadership  in  creating  value  and overseeing the Company's financial performance on behalf of the shareholders. The Board is also responsible for supervising  the  management  of  the  Group  and  has  delegated  the  responsibility  for  day-to-day  operations  and management of the Group's businesses to the management.

## Matters Reserved by the Board

The Board reserves for its decisions major strategic and business matters, including the approval and monitoring of  all  policy  matters,  overall  strategies  and  budgets,  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems,  material transactions  (in  particular  those  may  involve  conflict  of  interests),  financial  information,  Board  composition  and remuneration, corporate governance matters, and other significant financial and operational matters.

## Corporate Governance Report

All  Directors  have  full  and  timely  access  to  all  relevant  information  as  well  as  the  advice  and  services  of  the Company Secretary and the senior management, with a view to ensuring that Board procedures and all applicable laws  and  regulations  are  followed.  Each  Director  is  able  to  seek  independent  professional  advice  in  appropriate circumstances at the Company's expenses, upon making reasonable request to the Board.

## Division of Roles of the Board and the Management

The Board has delegated a schedule of responsibilities to the Chief Executive Officer and senior management of the Company. These responsibilities include, but not limited to, implementing decisions of the Board and directing and co-ordinating day-to-day operation and management of the Company.

The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from  the  Board  prior  to  any  significant  transactions  being  entered  into  by  the  foregoing  officers  and  senior management.

## Board Composition

As at 31 March 2022, the Board consists of the following Directors:-

## Executive Directors

Mr. Tse Sing Yu Ms. Lin Su

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tam Chak Chi Mr. Liu Yongsheng Mr. Chan Ka Hung

The  list  of  all  Directors  (by  category)  is  set  out  under  the  section  headed  'Corporate  Information'  in  this  annual report and is also disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules from time to time. The biographical details of the Directors are set out under the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management Biographies' in this annual report.

The Board composition is regularly reviewed to ensure that it has a balance of skills and experience appropriate for  the  effective  leadership  of  the  Group.  A  balanced  composition  of  Executive  Directors  and  Independent Non-executive Directors is maintained to ensure independence and effective management.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Company  has  complied  with  the  requirements  under  Rules  5.05A,  5.05(1)  and  (2)  of  the  GEM  Listing  Rules during  the  year.  Rule  5.05A  requires  a  listed  issuer  to  appoint  independent  non-executive  directors  ('INED') representing  at  least  one-third  of  the  Board.  Rule  5.05(1)  requires  that  every  board  of  directors  of  a  listed  issuer must include at least three INEDs and Rule 5.05(2) requires that at least one of the INEDs must have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. All INEDs must also meet the guidelines for assessment of their independence set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## Independency

The  Company  has  received  the  annual  confirmation  from  the  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  in  respect  of their independence pursuant to the requirements of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers all Independent Non-executive Directors as independent.

## Relationships

All Directors do not have any financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with each other.

## Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

Each of the Executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years. The Company has also issued a letter of appointment to each of the Non-executive Directors and the Independent Non-executive Directors for a term of three years.

In  accordance with the Company's Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors are subject to retirements at each annual general meeting and all the Directors are subject to retirement  by  rotation  at  least  once  every  three years and are eligible for re-election at annual general meetings of the Company. Any new Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall submit himself/herself for re-election by shareholders at the next following general  meeting  and  any  new  director  appointed  by  the  Board  as  an  addition  to  the  existing  Board  shall  submit himself/herself for re-election by shareholders at the next following annual general meeting.

Pursuant  to  the  aforesaid  provisions  of  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association,  Mr.  Tse  Sing  Yu  and  Mr.  Liu Yongsheng,  shall  retire  at  the  forthcoming  2022  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  and,  being  eligible,  will offer themselves for re-election at the meeting. The Company's circular for the coming annual general meeting will contain detailed information of all retiring Directors pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of directors are laid down in the Company's Articles of Association. The Company has established a Nomination Committee, which is responsible for reviewing the  Board  composition,  developing  and  formulating  the  relevant  procedures  for  nomination  and  appointment  of Directors,  monitoring  the  appointment  and  succession  planning  of  Directors  and  assessing  the  independence  of Independent Non-executive Directors. Details of the Nomination Committee and its work performed are set out in the 'Board Committees' section below.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Continuous Professional Development

Every  newly  appointed  Director  receives  a  comprehensive  and  formal  induction  upon  his  appointment  to  ensure that  he  has  a  proper  understanding  of  operations  and  business  of  the  Group  and  the  statutory  and  regulatory obligations  of  a  director  of  a  listed  company.  The  Group  provides  continuing  briefings  and  professional development to refresh the Directors' knowledge and skills, and updates all Directors on the latest developments in relation to the GEM Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance as well as to enhance their awareness of good corporate practices.

The  Directors  understand  the  need  to  continue  developing  and  refreshing  their  knowledge  and  skills  for  making contributions to the Company. The Company provides regular updates, changes and developments relating to the Group's business and the legislative and regulatory requirements to the Directors.

The  Directors  are  encouraged  to  enroll  in  relevant  professional  development  program  to  ensure  that  they  are aware of their responsibilities under the legal and regulatory requirements. For the year ended 31 March 2022, all Directors  have  participated  in  continuous  professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and skills  by  attending  conferences, seminars and in-house briefing. The Company has provided to the Directors with materials on risk management, ESG Reporting and updates on financial reporting and tax, etc.

## Board Practices and Conduct of Meetings

The Board members meet regularly and at least 4 regular Board meetings a year are held at approximately quarterly intervals  to  discuss  business  development  as  well  as  the  overall  strategy  of  the  Company.  Schedules  for  regular Board meetings are normally agreed with the Directors in advance in order to facilitate them to attend. Apart from formal  meetings,  matters  requiring  Board  approval  were  arranged  by  means  of  circulation  of  written  resolutions. The  Board  and  each  Director  also  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  senior  management  whenever necessary.

The  executive  committee  and  other  relevant  senior  management  normally  attend  regular  Board  meetings  and, where  necessary,  other  Board  and  committee  meetings  to  advise  on  business  developments,  financial  and accounting matters, statutory compliance, corporate governance and other major aspects of the Group.

The Company Secretary assists the Chairman in preparing the agenda for each Board meeting, keeping minutes of  Board  meeting  and  meetings  of  Board  Committees,  and  ensures  that  all  applicable  rules  and  regulations  are complied.  Draft  Board  minutes  are  circulated  to  all  Directors  for  their  respective  comments  as  soon  as  possible after  the  meeting.  The  minutes  of  each  Board  meeting  and  Board  Committees  meeting  have  been  kept  by  the Company Secretary and are open for inspection at any given time on reasonable notice by any Directors.

According to current Board practice, any material transaction, which involves a conflict of interest for a substantial shareholder or a Director, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at a duly convened Board meeting. The Company's  Articles  of  Association  contain  provisions  requiring  Directors  to  abstain  from  voting  and  not  to  be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest.

## Directors' Attendance Records

The Board meets regularly for reviewing and approving the financial and operating performance, and considering and  approving  the  overall  strategies  and  policies  of  the  Company.  Additional  meetings  are  held  when  significant events or important issues are required to be discussed and resolved.

The  attendance  record  of  each  Director  at  regular  Board  meetings,  Audit  Committee  meetings,  Remuneration Committee meetings, Nomination Committee meetings and shareholders' general meetings during the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out in the following table:

## Meetings held between 1 April 2021 and 31 March 2022

| Directors  Board  Meetings  Audit  Committee  Meetings  Remuneration  Committee  Meetings  Nomination  Committee  Meetings  Shareholders'  General  Meetings  (Number of  attendance/  eligible to  attended)  (Number of  attendance/  eligible to  attended)  (Number of  attendance/  eligible to  attended)  (Number of  attendance/  eligible to  attended)  (Number of  attendance/  eligible to  attended)  Executive Directors  Mr. Tse Sing Yu  7/7  N/A  3/3  1/1  1/1  Ms. Lin Su  5/7  N/A  N/A  N/A  0/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Tam Chak Chi  6/7  3/4  2/3  1/1  1/1  Mr. Liu Yongsheng  5/7  3/4  N/A  N/A  0/1  Mr. Chan Ka Hung  6/7  4/4  3/3  1/1  0/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors' Securities Transactions

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Model  Code  for  Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  as  the  code  of  conduct regarding  securities  transactions  by  the  Directors  (the  'Model  Code').  Having  made  specific  enquiries  to  the Directors, all the Directors confirmed that they complied with the required standards as set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.

No incident of non-compliance of the Required Standard of Dealings by the Directors and relevant employees was noted by the Company.

In case when the Company is aware of any restricted period for dealings in the Company's securities, the Company will notify its Directors and relevant employees in advance.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established five Board Committees, namely, the Executive Committee, the Investment Committee, the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee,  for  overseeing  particular aspects  of  the  Company's  affairs.  All  Board  Committees  have  been  established  with  defined  written  terms  of reference, which are available to shareholders upon request. All the Board Committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.

The practices, procedures and arrangements in conducting meetings of Board Committees follow in line with, so far as practicable, those of the Board meetings set out above.

All Board Committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company's expenses.

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties set out in the CG Code which include (i) to  develop  and  review  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance;  (ii)  to  review  and  monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management; (iii) to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and the Directors; and (v) to review the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosures in the corporate governance report.

## Executive Committee

The  Executive  Committee  comprises  all  the  Executive  Directors  with  Mr.  Tse  Sing  Yu  acting  as  the  chairman  of the  Executive  Committee.  The  Executive  Committee  operates  as  a  general  management  committee  under  the direct  authority  of  the  Board  to  increase  the  efficiency  for  the  business  decision.  It  monitors  the  execution  of  the Company's strategic plans and operations of all business units of the Group and discusses and makes decisions on matters relating to the management and day-to-day operations of the Company.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises a total of three members, namely, Mr. Tam Chak Chi (Chairman), Mr. Chan Ka Hung and Mr. Liu Yongsheng, all of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors, with written terms of reference.

The Company has complied with Rule 5.28 of the GEM Listing Rules in that at least one of the members of the Audit Committee (which must comprise a minimum of three members and must be chaired by an INED) is an INED who  possesses  appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting  or  related  financial  management  expertise. None of the members of the Audit Committee is a former partner of the Company's existing external auditor.

The principal role and function of the Audit Committee are to:

- (i) review  the  financial  statements  and  reports  and  consider  any  significant  or  unusual  items  raised  by  the Company's staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting function, compliance officer or external auditor before submission to the Board;

## Corporate Governance Report

- (ii) review  the  relationship  with  the  external  auditor  by  reference  to  the  work  performed  by  the  external auditor,  their  fees  and  terms  of  engagement,  and  make  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditor; and
- (iii) review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's financial reporting system, internal control system and risk management system and associated procedures.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Audit Committee met four times with the relevant senior management of the Company, and one of which with the external auditor and performed, inter alias, the following major tasks:

- -Reviewed  and  discussed  the  interim,  quarterly  and  annual  financial  statements,  results  announcements and  reports  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  three  months  ended  30  June  2021,  six  months  ended 30  September  2021  and  nine  months  ended  31  December  2021,  the  related  accounting  principles  and practices adopted by the Group and the relevant audit findings;
- -Reviewed and discussed the internal control system of the Group;
- -Discussed and recommended of the appointment of external auditor; and
- -Reviewed and approved the remuneration and terms of engagement of external auditor.

There  is  no  disagreement  between  the  Board  and  the  Audit  Committee  regarding  the  appointment  of  external auditor.

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises a total of three members, namely, Mr. Tam Chak Chi (Chairman), Mr. Tse Sing Yu and Mr. Chan Ka Hung and two of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors, with written terms of reference.

The principal role and function of the Remuneration Committee are to:

- (i) make recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and senior management and the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on such remuneration;
- (ii) determine  the  remuneration  packages  of  Executive  Directors  and  senior  management  and  make recommendation to the Board of the remuneration of Non-executive Directors; and
- (iii) review and approve performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time.

Details of the remuneration of each Director of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 11 to the financial statements contained in this annual report.

## Corporate Governance Report

For the year ended 31 March 2022, three meetings of the Remuneration Committee has been held to perform, inter alias, the following major tasks:

- -Reviewed and recommended the development procedure for the remuneration policy;
- -Reviewed the performance and approved the current remuneration package of Executive Directors and senior management of the Group; and
- -Recommended the packages of Non-executive Directors.

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprises a total of three members, namely, Mr. Tse Sing Yu (Chairman), Mr. Chan Ka Hung and Mr. Tam Chak Chi, the latter two of whom are Independent Non-executive Directors, with written terms of reference.

The principal role and function of the Nomination Committee are to:

- (i) review the Board composition;
- (ii) develop and formulate relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors;
- (iii) identify qualified individuals to become members of the Board;
- (iv) monitor the appointment and succession planning of Directors; and
- (v) assess the independence of Independent Non-executive Directors.

For  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  one  meetings  of  the  Nomination  Committee  have  been  held  and  performed, inter alias, the following major tasks:

- -Reviewed and discussed of the existing structure, size and composition of the Board to ensure that it has a balance of expertise, skills and experience appropriate to the requirements for the business of the Group;
- -Assessed the re-designation of a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director;
- -Assessed of the independence of the existing Independent Non-executive Directors; and
- -Recommended  on  the  re-appointment  of  retiring  Directors  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Company  recognises  the  importance  of  board  diversity  which  is  beneficial  for  the  enhancement  of  the Company's  performance.  During  the  year,  the  Nomination  Committee  reviewed  the  diversity  of  the  Board  from perspectives,  including  gender,  age,  professional  and  educational  background,  business  experience,  length  of service  and  directorship  with  other  listed  companies.  The  Nomination  Committee  considered  that  the  Board possessed a balance of skill and expertise and a diverse mix appropriate for the business of the Company.

## INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

The  investment  committee  of  the  Company  was  established  in  August  2015.  The  investment  committee  is responsible for formulating investment policies and the reviewing of major proposed investments to be conducted by the Group.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES

## Under Statutes, Rules and Regulations

All  Directors,  collectively  and  individually,  are  aware  of  their  responsibilities  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company for  the  conduct,  business  activities  and  development  of  the  Company  and  shall  perform  their  responsibilities  in accordance with the CG Code. They have a proper understanding of the operations and business of the Company and  are  fully  aware  of  their  responsibilities  under  statutes  and  common  laws,  the  GEM  Listing  Rules,  applicable legal requirements and other regulatory requirements and the business and governance policies of the Company.

## Annual Report and Accounts

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility to prepare financial statements which give a true and fair view.

## Accounting Policies

The Directors  consider  that  in  preparing  the  financial  statements  the  Group  uses  appropriate  accounting  policies that are consistently applied, and that all applicable accounting standards are followed.

## Accounting Records

The Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Group keeps accounting records which disclose with reasonable accuracy the financial position of the Group and which enable the preparation of financial statements in accordance with the Listing Rules, the Companies Ordinance and the applicable accounting standards.

## Safeguarding Assets

The Directors are responsible for taking all reasonable and necessary steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.

## Going Concern

The  Directors,  having  made  appropriate  enquiries,  consider  that  the  Group  has  adequate  resources  to  continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and has no material uncertainties and that, for this reason, it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements.

## Corporate Governance Report

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  acknowledges  its  responsibility  for  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  and  reviewing their  effectiveness.  Such  systems  is  designed  to  provide  reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  of  no  material misstatement  or  loss,  and  to  mitigate  rather  than  eliminate  risks  of  failure  in  the  operational  systems  and achievements of the Group's business objectives.

The Board has, engaged an independent internal control review advisor (the 'Internal Control Advisor'), conducted interim  and  annual  reviews  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  internal  control  system  of  the  Group  covering  the  Group's corporate  governance,  internal  control,  financial,  operational  (including  information  security),  as  well  as  risk management  function  and  compliance  functions.  The  Board  as  the  ultimate  responsible  governing  body  of  the Group monitors compliance with policies and procedures and the effectiveness of internal control structures across the  Group  and  its  principal  divisions.  The  Board  also  ensures  the  internal  controls  are  in  place  and  functioning properly  as  intended.  During  the  risk  assessment  process,  the  Internal  Control  Advisor  interviewed  the  relevant personal  and  identified  the  business  objectives  and  significant  risks  of  the  Group.  A  risk  management  report prepared  by  the  Internal  Control  Advisor  which  sets  out  the  risks,  issues  and  recommended  action  plan  was presented to the Board for review and endorsement. The Board considered that significant risks of the Group were managed within the acceptable level and the management will continue to monitor the residual risks and report to the Board on an ongoing basis.

In  response  to  the  risk  management  report,  the  management  shall  implement  proper  policies  and  procedures to  review  the  effectiveness  of  risk  management  and  internal  control  and  remedy  any  defects  of  internal  control, including conduct evaluation on a regular basis to keep abreast of the related information in a timely manner so as to facilitate the Audit Committee and the Board to evaluate the effectiveness of control and risk management of the Group.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board and Audit committee have reviewed and confirmed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems.

The Group has a formal whistle-blowing policy to encourage and guide its staff to raise serious concerns internally in a responsible manner, without fear of retribution. During the year under review, the Board has not been informed any complaints or concerns over financial improprieties from staff.

The  Group  has  the  Inside  Information  Policy  which  sets  out  guidelines  to  the  Directors  and  senior  management of  the  Group  to  ensure  inside  information  of  the  Group  would  be  disseminated  to  the  public  in  equal  and  timely manner in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

## Corporate Governance Report

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The statement of the external  auditor  of  the  Company  on  their  reporting  responsibilities  for  the  Group's  financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out in the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' in this annual report.

The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  considering  the  appointment  of  the  external  auditor  and  reviewing  any non-audit  functions  performed  by  the  external  auditor,  including  whether  such  non-audit  functions  could  lead  to any  potential  material  adverse  effect  on  the  Company.  During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  total  fee  paid and payable to Elite Partners CPA Limited in relation to the audit and other services for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, amounted to HK$590,000.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Yung  Kai  Wing  ('Mr.  Yung')  has  been  appointed  as  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  since  6  January 2017. According to Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules, Mr. Yung has taken no less than 15 hours of professional training during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Tse Sing Yu was appointed as the Compliance Officer on 31 December 2016 pursuant to Rule 5.19 of the GEM Listing  Rules,  he  is  responsible  for  advising  on  and  assisting  the  Board  in  implementing  procedures  to  ensure that the Company complies with the GEM Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Company; and responding promptly and efficiently to all enquiries directed at him by the Stock Exchange.

## DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITY INSURANCE

Insurance cover has been taken out for Directors' and Officers' Liability to provide adequate cover, as determined by the Board, in respect of the Board members and senior management members of the Company. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

## COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company has adopted a shareholder communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders of  the  Company  and  potential  investors  are  provided  with  ready,  equal,  and  timely  access  to  balanced  and comprehensible information about the Company.

The  Company  has  established  a  number  of  channels  to  communicate  with  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  as follows:

- (i) corporate communications such as annual reports, quarterly reports, interim reports and circulars are issued in  printed form and are available on the Stock Exchange's website at www.hkex.com.hk and the Company's website at www.wealthglory.com;
- (ii) periodic announcements are made through the Stock Exchange and published on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company;
- (iii) corporate information is made available on the Company's website;

## Corporate Governance Report

- (iv) annual  and  extraordinary  general  meetings  provide  a  forum  for  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  to  make comments and exchange views with the Directors and senior management; and
- (v) the  Company's branch share registrar  in  Hong  Kong  serves  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  in  respect  of share registration, dividend payment and related matters.

The Company has arranged for the notice to shareholders for annual general meeting of the Company to be sent at least 20 business days before the meeting and to be sent at least 10 business days for all other general meetings. The chairpersons of the Board and of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee, or in their absence, other members of the respective Board Committees, were invited to attend the annual general meeting of  the  Company  to  answer  questions  from  Shareholders.  External  auditor  was  also  invited  to  attend  the annual general meeting of the Company to answer questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content  of  the  auditor's  report,  the  accounting  policies  and  auditor  independence.  Separate  resolutions  were proposed  by  the  chairman  of  general  meetings  in  respect  of  each  substantial  issue,  including  the  election  of individual Directors. The poll results were posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange on the same business day of the general meeting.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no significant change in the Company's memorandum and articles of  association.  A  copy  of  the  latest  consolidated  version  of  the  memorandum  and  articles  of  association  of  the Company is posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Shareholders and investors may also write directly to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong at Room 1104, Crawford House, 70 Queen's Road Central, Central, Hong Kong or via email to info@wealthglory.com for any inquiries. Inquiries are dealt with in an informative and timely manner.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

As  one  of  the  measures  to  safeguard  shareholders'  interests  and  rights,  separate  resolutions  are  proposed  at shareholders'  meetings  on  each  substantial  issue,  including  the  election  of  individual  Directors,  for  shareholders' consideration  and  voting.  Besides,  various  rights  of  shareholders,  including  the  right  to  propose  resolutions,  are contained in the Articles of Association.

## Corporate Governance Report

All  resolutions  put  forward  at  shareholders'  meetings  will  be  voted  by  poll  pursuant  to  the  GEM  Listing  Rules and  the  Articles  of  Association  of  the  Company  and  the  poll  voting  results  will  be  posted  on  the  GEM  website 'www.hkgem.com' and the Company's website 'www.wealthglory.com' after the relevant shareholders' meetings. Extraordinary  general  meeting  may  be  convened  by  the  Board  on  requisition  of  shareholders  of  the  Company holding  not  less  than  one-tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the  Company  or  by  such  shareholders  of  the  Company who  made  the  requisition  (the  'Requisitionists')  (as  the  case  may  be)  pursuant  to  Article  58  of  the  Company's Articles of Association. Such requisition must state the object of business to be transacted at the meeting and must be signed by the Requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company or the Company's principal place  of  business  in  Hong  Kong.  Shareholders  of  the  Company  should  follow  the  requirements  and  procedures as set out in such Article on convening an extraordinary general meeting. Shareholders of the Company may put forward proposals at general meeting of the Company by sending the same to the Company at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong.

For  putting  forward  any  enquiries  to  the  Board,  shareholders  of  the  Company  may  send  written  enquiries  to  the Company.  Shareholders  of  the  Company  may  send  their  enquiries  or  requests  in  respect  of  their  rights  to  the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ABOUT THE GROUP

Wealth  Glory  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company'),  together  with  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the 'Group') aims to be a successful operator in its business operations and to maximize returns for its stakeholders, at the same time to maintain a healthy and safe working environment for its employees, and to achieve continuing and sustainable development for both the local community and the environment. It is the Group's mission to deliver quality products and services to meet our clients' requirements and satisfaction.

The Group is principally engaged in 4 main businesses, namely:

- (i) trading of natural resources and commodities, namely steam coal and palm oil;
- (ii) development  and  promotion  of  brands,  design,  manufacture  and  sale  of  trendy  fashion  merchandises  and other consumer products;
- (iii) money lending business; and
- (iv) securities investment.

The  above  business  segments  do  not  have  any  direct  significant  impact  on  environmental  aspects.  The  major material  environmental,  social  and  governance  ('ESG')  issues  are  social  responsibilities  relating  to  employment, labour  practices  and  operation  practices,  and  environmental  responsibilities  focus  on  environmental  protection through green practices.

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Group releases its Environment, Social and Governance ('ESG') Report (the 'ESG Report'), which is prepared in accordance with Appendix 20 - Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the 'ESG Guide') of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange Limited (the 'HKEX'). This ESG report continues to follow the principles of materiality, quantitative and consistency as recommended by the ESG Guide, and report the performance of the material environmental and social issues which are considered to have significant impacts and  are  relevant  to  the  Group's  business  and  stakeholders  from  1  April  2020  to  31  March  2021  (the  'Reporting Period').

This ESG report mainly covers the ESG performance of the business operations directly managed by the Group in its 2 offices in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ('HKSAR') - the headquarter office in Sheung Wan from 1 April 2021 to 31 August 2021 and the office of its subsidiary, MD Inc. Limited, in Kowloon Bay from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022. The reporting scope is slightly different from the previous year as the contract of the Sheung Wan office ended in August 2021.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## BOARD STATEMENT OF ESG GOVERNANCE

The Group follows the ESG Guide and considers ESG issues as significant consideration for its business operations in  short-and  long-term.  The  Group  is  committed  to  conducting  its  business  in  a  socially  responsible  manner.  In order  to  comply  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  and  adhere  to  high  ethical  standards,  the  Group  also closely  monitors  the  impact  of  its  daily  operation  on  the  environment,  employees,  clients  and  local  communities. Furthermore,  the  Group  makes  great  efforts  to  meet,  maximize  and  balance  the  interests  of  all  stakeholders, environment, society and corporate governance.

The  Group  has  maintained  its  ESG  management  and  operation  structure  since  the  commencement  of  ESG reporting. The Board of directors (the 'Board') has the total responsibilities on the environmental and social issues included in the ESG Guide, and has initiated and approved its corresponding ESG strategies and policies.

The  Board  has  delegated  the  Group's  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('CEO')  to  have  the  overall  responsibility  to implement the ESG strategies and policies accordingly. Through normal operation channels, all department heads are required to report to and support the CEO in implementing the approved strategies and policies.

The  CEO  and  the  management  executives  are  responsible  for  examining  and  addressing  all  environmental  and social  issues  listed  in  the  ESG  Guide,  as  well  as  keeping  the  established  Key  Performance  Indicators  ('KPIs')  in line  with  the  Group's strategies and policies. In managing the ESG priorities, the Group requires all its operations to fulfil and comply with their environmental and social responsibilities and obligations in compliance with the ESG Guide,  laws  and  regulations,  and  all  relevant  statutory  requirements,  operating  practices  and  standards  of  the HKSAR and the domicile countries.

The Group also takes into  account  the  opinions  and  views  of  its  stakeholders,  including  shareholders,  investors, employees,  clients,  suppliers,  service  providers,  professional  advisors,  NGO  partners  and  industry  associations, and strives to address their concerns. The CEO has assigned the duty managers to constantly communicate with its stakeholders through various channels, including but not limited to annual, semi-annual and special shareholder meetings,  public  websites,  emails,  circulated  documents,  fax  and  telephonic  enquires,  regular  meetings  with employees and business partners with the management and frontline staff, and so on, in order to gain insights on material ESG aspects during the Reporting Period.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

Through  the  constant  communications  with  stakeholders  and  with  reference  to  the  ESG  Guide,  the  Group  has identified  the  following  ESG  material  areas  and  aspects  and  has  managed  them  strictly  in  accordance  with  the Group's  established  management  structure,  process,  policies  and  guidelines  and  in  compliance  with  the  relevant legal and regulatory standards:

- Occupational Health and Safety;
- Employee Development and Growth;
- Labour Standards;
- Quality  of  Products  and  Services  (especially  on  the  Trendy  Fashion  and  Merchandises  and  Consumer Products Sold);
- Protection of Privacy Information; and
- Anti-bribery and Anti-corruption.

The  ESG  issues  and  performance,  especially  on  the  above  material  areas  during  the  Reporting  Period,  have continued  to  be  monitored  and  managed  by  the  CEO  together  with  his  management  team.  The  detailed descriptions of the ESG issues are summarized in the sections below.

## ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECTS

The  Group  is  committed  to  reducing  its  carbon  footprint  and  consumption  of  natural  resources  in  all  possible aspects during its business operations. Our environmental strategy is to achieve a balance between the quality and efficiency of our services and the minimization of greenhouse gas emissions and environmental degradation.

Given the in-house operation nature of our business activities, the Group mainly uses energy and resources, such as  electricity,  water,  printing  paper  and  packaging  materials.  Our  operations  and  activities  do  not  generate  any polluted or toxic emissions, wastes and discharges.

As a socially responsible corporation, the Group strives to protect the environment, and is aware of the importance of  its  sustainable  development  in  relation  to  its  ongoing  business  operations.  The  Group  abides  by  all  local environmental  laws  and  regulations,  implements  and  takes  measures  and  continues  with  its  responsibility  and commitments to protect the environment, prevent and minimize pollution prevention, and to conserve and efficiently use energy, water and resources.

## EMISSIONS

As aforementioned, most of our business activities are operated in-house under normal office environment. For the Reporting  Period,  the  types  of  emissions,  wastes  and  discharges,  same  as  the  previous  reporting  periods,  were mainly indirect greenhouse gas, such as carbon dioxide ('CO 2 ') emissions from electricity consumption, wastewater from hygiene uses, and wastes from general refuse, non-hazardous packaging and printing papers. The emissions and discharges were relatively insignificant in terms of amounts generated and did not cause any significant impact on the environment.

The  Group's  four  main  businesses  are  in-house  office  works  and  services,  which  do  not  directly  generate  any hazardous and non-hazardous gas emissions or waste discharges and do not have significant adverse impacts on the environment.

The trading of palm oil is conducted entirely in office on back-to-back paper agreement basis without taking any physical deliveries. Hence, no direct gas emissions, solid or water wastes from transportation are generated. The subcontracted logistics companies and the buyers will take out insurance for the potential environmental damages of the oil cargo during transit.

For our trading of trendy merchandises and consumer products, as we do not own nor operate any manufacturing plant  and  only  purchase  from  OEM,  and  therefore  no  gas  emissions,  solid  and  water  waste  discharges  will  be generated.

Similarly, the lending and securities investment businesses are entirely conducted in normal office environment and therefore no gas emissions, solid or water waste discharges are generated. However, during our normal course of business and operation, indirect greenhouse gases, primarily CO 2 from electricity consumption and stationary fuel consumption are emitted and discharged. Therefore, the reduction of energy consumption continues to be part of our top priorities.

The  operations  and  activities  of  the  Group  only  generate  an  insignificant  amount  of  greenhouse  gases,  nonhazardous wastes, such as printing paper and packaging materials, and wastewater from employee's daily hygiene uses. All of these emissions and discharges have no significant impact on the environment.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any complaints or breaches on its emissions and discharges from  the  management  offices  or  any  environmental  protection  laws  and  regulations  that  had  a  significant  impact on  the  Group  relating  to  air  and  greenhouse  gas  emissions,  discharges  into  water  and  land,  and  generation  of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Air and Greenhouse Gas Emissions

As the Group's business activities are operated under normal office environment and the Group does not own any transport fleet, no quantifiable direct hazardous air or pollutant emission is generated. The reported air emissions are generated from the use of gaseous fuel consumption (i.e. Towngas) for the furnaces.

| Air emissions  2022  2021  Unit  Nitrogen oxides (NO  X  )  10.4  0.28  kg  Sulphur oxides (SO  X  )  0.1  0.001  kg  Respirable suspended particles (RSP)  -  -  kg   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Greenhouse Gas Emissions

The  consumption  of  Towngas  for  supporting  staff's  meals  contributes  to  both  direct  greenhouse  gas  emissions (Scope  1  emissions)  and  indirect  greenhouse  gas  emissions  (Scope  2  emissions).  Indirect  greenhouse  gas emissions are generated as a result of electricity and fuel consumption. Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions are generated from water and sewage processing. Please refer to the table below for the relevant emission figures.

| Greenhouse gas emissions  2022  2021  Unit  Scope 1 emissions  138.5  3.7  tonnes CO  2  -e  Scope 2 emissions  50.1  32.8  tonnes CO  2  -e  Scope 3 emissions  0.1  -  tonnes CO  2  -e  Total greenhouse gas emissions  188.7  36.5  tonnes CO  2  -e  Intensity (by revenue)  3.6  -  tonnes CO  2  -e/  million HKD  revenue   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Looking forward, the Group will continue to assess and monitor our emission sources. We believe identifying the major sources will facilitate our carbon reduction and sustainability management in the future.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Hazardous and Non-hazardous Waste

The  Group  did  not  produce  any  hazardous  wastes  during  the  Reporting  Period,  given  that  most  of  the  business activities were conducted under normal office working environment.

During  the  daily  office  operation,  an  insignificant  amount  of  non-hazardous  wastes,  such  as  used  printing  paper, packaging materials, waste water, etc., is generated from the office operation and staff living. The non-hazardous wastes will be collected and disposed by the property management offices.

To  reduce  greenhouse  gas  emissions  and  waste  generation,  the  Group  has  introduced  guidelines  to  encourage employees  to  save  energy  and  reduce  water  consumption.  All  levels  of  the  employees  of  the  Group  have  been reminded, educated, and practice the importance of the '5-R' principle - 'reducing, reusing, recycling, replacing and recovering'. Though the Group is satisfied with its accomplishments in general and recognizes the efforts and achievements of its employees, it will continue to closely monitor the 'eco-practices'.

During the Reporting Period, the Group fully complied with all the relevant laws and did not receive any complaints, fines  or  warning  notices  from  the  public  or  the  relevant  environmental  agencies  regarding  our  waste  disposal activities.

## USE OF RESOURCES

Electricity,  fresh-water,  printing  paper  and  office  consumables  are  the  main  types  of  resources  used  during  our daily  operations.  Although  the  volume  and  quantity  of  the  resources  used  have  not  been  significant  nor  irregular due to our 'in-office' operational nature, the Group has committed to the conservation and efficient utilization of energy  and  all  resources.  We  have  adopted,  promoted  and  implemented  a  commonly  practiced  5-R  principle  to encourage and guide our employees on energy saving and resource usage. To ensure that the introduced measures are  followed,  the  Group  has  appointed  the  administration  department  of  each  office  to  perform  routine  checks. The Group has also been exploring alternatives to reduce the use of resources and improve resource efficiency by installing advanced and modern equipment.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Energy Consumption

Given the 'in-office' operation nature, the Group only uses electricity supplied from the city grid network. During the Reporting Period, the Group consumed 2,603.5 GJ in fuel used for the furnaces and 31.3 MWh of electricity. As we are only operating within an office environment, the usage is considered insignificant and minimal.

The  Group  has  implemented  measures  to  encourage  energy  saving  and  conservation,  such  as  appointing responsible  employees  to  ensure  all  electrical  appliances  and  equipment  are  turned  off  when  not  in  use  or  after office  hours,  and  regulating  the  office  temperature  and  air-conditioning  at  optimal  level.  At  the  same  time,  the Group also invests in deploying energy-saving devices, such as LED lights and printing machines. Employees have constantly been reminded to use energy wisely and responsibly. Through these direct and positive measures, the Group will continuously optimise its energy management system for the enhancement of energy efficiency.

| Direct and indirect energy consumption by type  2022  2021  Unit  Direct energy consumption  2,603.5  69.6  GJ  Indirect energy consumption  31.3  43.9  MWh  Total energy consumption  754.5  63.2  MWh-e  Intensity (by revenue)  14.5  1.3  MWh-e/million  HKD revenue   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Water Consumption

During the Reporting Period, fresh water supplied from the city supply network was used only for general living and sanitary  purposes  by  our  employees  in  offices.  The  volume  of  water  consumed  during  the  Reporting  Period  was insignificant.

The  Group  will  continue  to  constantly  educate,  remind  and  guide  its  employees  to  conserve  and  use  water efficiently as it is now one of the most scarce and valuable natural resources in the world.

| Water consumption in total and intensity  2022  2021  Unit  Total water consumption  75.0  -  m 3  Intensity (by revenue)  1.4  -  m 3 /million HKD  revenue   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Consumption of Paper and Packaging Materials

Trendy fashion merchandises and consumer products consume most of our packaging materials, especially during product  promotions  and  exhibitions.  As  a  general  principle,  the  Group  insists  that  the  packaging  materials  must be fit  for  purpose  and  in  compliance with safety and hygiene standard in accordance with our specifications and considerations.

In  offices,  the  Group  continues  to  commit  to  building  a  paperless  working  environment  and  using  paper  only  on as-needed basis. All employees are constantly encouraged and reminded to use electronic tools, such as emails, messages, and Universal Serial Bus ('USB') storage, to replace paper files, sketches and letters, and to adopt the 5-R principle in their handling and usage of papers and other office utensils. During the Reporting Period, same as the previous reporting period, the Group continued to monitor the consumption of paper and other office utensils in an efficient and effective manner for cost-saving as well as resource conservation.

## The Environment and Natural Resources

As stated before, one of the visions of the Group is to be a socially responsible corporation, in which environmental protection  and  resource  conservation  are  the  two  important  considerations  in  our  daily  business  operations.  We consume  electricity,  fresh-water,  printing  paper,  office  consumables  for  normal  office  routine  operations,  and packaging materials for our trendy fashions and consumer products. The resource consumption of the Group does not have any significant adverse impact on the environment. Furthermore, given our in-house operation nature, no hazardous emissions and wastes are generated.

Driven by our social and environmental responsibility, the Group has implemented eco-friendly practices, especially adopting  the  5-R  principle  to  reduce  and  conserve  energy,  fresh  water  and  other  natural  resources.  The  Group has complied with all the environmental laws and regulations, and cooperated with the local government agencies and  supported  environmental  organizations  to  promote  activities  to  build  a  'clean  and  safe'  environment  and society.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  no  irregularities  on  natural  resource  consumption  were  discovered  by  the management.

## CLIMATE CHANGE

Climate  change  brings  potential  risks  and  disturbances  to  business  operations  in  the  world.  The  Group  is concerned  about  climate-related  issues.  Similar  to  our  governance  on  the  ESG  issues,  the  CEO  and  the management executives are responsible for examining and addressing all climate-related risks and opportunities. Since  the  Group's  four  main  businesses  are  in-house  office  works  and  services,  the  impacts  caused  by  climate change are limited to the Group's operation.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The Group has identified transitional risk that may affect the operation, such as market risks brought by the shift in  consumer  preferences.  The  growing  environmental  awareness  of  consumers  is  forcing  a  transition  to  a  more sustainable and environmentally-friendly lifestyle around the world. This may affect our palm oil business and the design of the trendy fashion and other consumer products in long-term.

Looking  forward,  the  Group  will  continue  to  monitor  the  energy  consumption  and  reduce  the  greenhouse  gas emissions for mitigating the impacts of climate change.

## SOCIAL ASPECTS

The  Group  strives  to  build  mutually  beneficial  relationships  with  our  stakeholders,  including  our  employees, customers,  suppliers,  communities,  as  well  as  the  public  and  government  authorities.  During  the  formulation of  our  ESG  strategies  and  policies,  we  have  taken  into  account  both  our  business  development  goals  and  the considerations and our responsibility to our stakeholders.

## Employment and Labour Practices

## Employment

The Group has always held high regard for its employees and provided opportunities for growth and development of their careers. As such, their payroll and employee remuneration are determined with reference to market terms and  the  performance,  qualifications  and  experiences  of  individual  employees  as  well  as  their  contribution  to  the Group. The Group has continued to provide training for existing and new employees to enhance their on-the-job skills and know-how.

The  Group  recognises  the  keys  to  its  continual  success  and  competitiveness  are  the  skills  and  commitment  of its  employees.  With  a  competitive  employment  market  condition,  it  can  be  difficult  to  recruit  and  keep  talented employees,  and  the  Group  is  ever  more  mindful  and  committed  to  offering  attractive  employment  packages  and maintaining  a  safe  and  equal  working  environment  for  our  employees,  providing  development  opportunities  and promoting employees' health and well-being.

All  employees  are  required  to  enter  into  proper  employment  contracts  with  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the Employment Ordinance. We have developed and outlined in our Internal Control Policy clear rules and regulations to  provide  provisions  on  equal  opportunities,  diversity  and  other  benefits  as  well  as  welfare  for  our  employees. Our  employment  contract  terms  and  internal  employee  handbook  demonstrate  these  commitments  and  cover the  Group's standards in respect of compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, remuneration, dismissal and other benefits and welfare.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Recruitment and Promotion

On recruitment, the Group adopts a hybrid of external recruitment, internal nomination and job rotation to recruit suitable personnel from outside and provide advancement opportunities to existing employees. All job positions are open to all with equal opportunities with no discrimination on sex, race, religion, gender, age and disability, and are selected on competency basis.

## Remuneration and Compensation

The Group provides and maintains statutory benefits to all qualified employees. Apart from salaries, the Group has set  up  a  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes  ('MPF  Schemes')  in  accordance  with  the  Employment  Ordinance and  medical  insurance  plan  for  our  HKSAR  employees.  The  MPF  Schemes  is  subject  to  regulations  under  the MPF  Schemes  Ordinance  of  the  HKSAR  (Chapter  485  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  ('MPFSO')  and  is  a  defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. The Group's employees in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') are entitled to national social insurance under the statutory Labour Laws of the PRC.

Employees'  salary  and  compensation  packages  of  the  Group  are  a  major  material  ESG  topic.  At  all  times  we are  in  strict  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  including  the  Employment  Ordinance,  Employees' Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance of the HKSAR (Chapter 608 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and MPFSO to provide remuneration not less than the applicable statutory minimum wage, overtime compensation and Mandatory Provident Fund ('MPF') payments to employees. Employees are also entitled to various fringe benefits, such as statutory holidays, paid annual and maternity leaves, etc.

All remuneration packages are linked to individual performance, the Group's business performance, and taking into consideration of industry practices and market conditions, and are reviewed on an ongoing basis with management regularly meeting with staff to understand their concerns and assist with their daily roles.

## Equal Opportunities and Diversity

The  Group  provides  equal  opportunity  to  all  employees  on  recruitment,  promotion,  compensation  and  benefits. The  Group  aims  to  build  harmonious,  safe  and  healthy  working  environment,  and  forbid  the  recruitment  of  child labour  and  forced  labour.  We  have  managed  our  human  resources  with  employee-oriented  policies  to  encourage co-operation  and  motivation,  to  protect  the  interests  and  rights  of  our  employees,  and  ultimately  to  achieve  an amicable relationship with our employees.

The Group has created a fair and non-discriminatory atmosphere where male and female staff are equally entitled to employment and promotion opportunities. Child labour and forced labour are strictly forbidden.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

The  personnel  administration  manager  reports  directly  to  the  Group's  CEO  and  has  the  overall  responsibility  to implement  the  Group's  strategies  and  policies  on  human  resources  management,  and  to  ensure  all  the  statutory obligations  of  the  Group  have  been  legally  fulfilled  and  complied  with.  All  employees  are  required  enter  into proper  and  standardized  employment  contracts  with  the  Group  at  the  time  of  employment.  The  employment contracts  contain  all  the  terms  and  conditions  related  to  wages  and  salaries,  holidays,  overtime,  severance and  compensation  pay,  medical  benefits  arrangement,  mandatory  provident  funds,  accidents  and  injury, safety  and  health,  performance  assessment,  and  so  on,  which  are  in  strict  compliance  with  the  Employment Ordinance and Employees' Compensation Ordinance and the Labour Laws of the PRC （中華人民共和國勞動法） . Moreover, bonuses in form of cash or shares options will be assessed jointly by the department head, personnel administration manager and the Group's CEO and recommended to the Board for approval before granting.

The  Group  continues  to  adopt  the  policy  of  strict  compliance  with  all  the  laws,  rules  and  regulations  on  the employment  arrangements  under  the  Employment  Ordinances  (Chapter  58  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  of  the HKSAR ('Employment  Ordinance')  and  Employees'  Compensation  Ordinance  of  the  HKSAR  (Chapter  282  of  the Laws  of  Hong  Kong)  ('Employees'  Compensation  Ordinance'),  and  the  Labour  Laws  of  the  Peoples  Republic  of China (the 'PRC'). During the Reporting Period, the Group honoured all of its obligations on employment-related issues and did not have any material non-compliance with laws and regulations in respect of employment.

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 8 full-time employees and the employee turnover rate is 0%. The charts below show the employee distribution by gender, age group, level and geographical region.

Number of Employee By Gender

<!-- image -->

Number of Employee By Level

<!-- image -->

Number of Employee By Age Group

<!-- image -->

Number of Employee By Geographical Region

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Health and Safety

As a continuing policy, the Group is committed to providing a safe, healthy and pleasant working environment to the  employees  and  protecting  them  from  work-related  injuries  by  implementing  occupational  health  and  safety policies and safety training. We have equipped all our offices with adequate equipment and facilities to ensure the safety and convenience of employees. The Group has arranged medical insurance to cover sickness, injuries and accidents, and has fully contributed to the MPF for all our employees. The employment contracts contain details on health and safety protection, which the Group has fully complied in accordance with statutory requirements of the HKSAR and the PRC.

To place safety as their priority during office work, our employees are constantly reminded to strictly observe and follow the established health and safety policies, instructions and guidance. Managers and supervisors are charged with the responsibility of enforcing the safety policies, rules and practices.

In  case  of  an  injury  or  accident  of  an  employee  during  work,  regardless  of  location,  type  and  seriousness,  it  is compulsory  to  notify  their  superiors  and/or  the  senior  management  immediately  who  will  take  immediate  and appropriate actions. Measures are being put in place to require corresponding remedial or compensatory actions arising from safety and health issues or work injuries in accordance with the Employment Ordinance, Employees' Compensation Ordinance or the Labour Laws of the PRC and the agreed terms under the employment contracts.

The  Group  maintained  at  all  times  relevant  employees'  compensation  for  injuries  and  death  in  the  course  of employment  and  relevant  third  insurance  for  all  our  operations.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  did  not record any insurance claim on compensation from work injury, occupational health or safety hazard case.

During  the  past  three  years,  including  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  did  not  record  any  serious  events  or accidents  that  resulted  in  death  or  serious  physical  injury  and  did  not  identify  any  material  non-compliance  with laws and regulations relevant to the health and safety of employees.

## Development and Training

The Group encourages and supports employees to continue learning and improving their knowledge and job skills for the benefits of the employees as well as the Group.

The  Group  continues  to  provide  three  categories  of  training.  Induction  training  is  provided  to  new  recruits to  enhance  their  understanding  of  the  Group  history,  organization  structure,  work  environment,  regulations, responsibilities and duties required of the job, working skills, safety in operation, and career development plan, etc.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

On-the-job and specific training for long-term employees aiming at improving their career development and skills to  perform  their  required  job  duties  in  a  more  competent  and  capable  manner  and  without  risking  their  health and  safety.  Employees  are  also  encouraged  to  engage  in  self-development  by  taking  external  training  programs and  seminars  which  the  Group  may  sponsor,  in  part  or  whole,  at  the  discretion  and  recommendation  of  the management.

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to sponsor 6 Directors, 1 manager and 1 employee to attend an external training program on the listed company management for 15 hours organized by the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute.

## Labour Standards

The Group continued with its strict compliance with the Employment Ordinances and Labour Laws of the PRC as its  minimum  labour  standard  on  labour  protection  and  welfare.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  was  not aware  of  any  non-compliance  with  regard  to  labour  practices  of  any  relevant  laws  or  regulations  in  the  HKSAR and the PRC. There were no labour conflicts and strikes within the Group and we did not experience any material labour disputes.

Equal  opportunities  have  been  given  to  employees  in  respect  of  recruitment,  training  and  development,  job advancement,  and  compensation  and  benefits.  The  employees  have  not  been  discriminated  against  or  deprived of opportunities on the basis of gender, ethnic background, religion, colour, sexual orientation, age, marital status, family status, retirement, disability, pregnancy or any other discrimination prohibited by applicable laws.

Child  labour  and  forced  labour  have  been  forbidden.  To  combat  against  illegal  employment  on  child  labour, underage  workers  and  forced  labour,  the  Group's  personnel  administration  manager  requires  job  applicants  to provide  valid  identity  documents  before  confirmation  of  employment  to  ensure  that  the  applicants  are  lawfully employable. The Group firmly believes that it has maintained an amicable working relationship with our employees.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not found in violation of any relevant laws and regulations in relation to the prevention of child and forced labour. For the coming year, we will maintain our zero-tolerance to forced and child labour.

## Operating Practices and Social Investment

The Group has mainly been a commodity trading and investment holding company and operates strictly according to related commodities trading and investment contract laws and by-laws with integrity, fairness and honesty. The Group  and  its  employees  are  required  to  practice  the  related  industry  code  of  standards  as  well  as  to  obey  the social responsibility ethics. The Group and its employees also follow the related industry code of standards as well as social responsibility ethics.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Supply Chain Management

Supply  chain  management  in  the  ESG  Guide  mainly  focuses  on  the  management  of  sourcing  and  procurement. During the Reporting Period, the OEM and sales of our own designed trendy fashion merchandise and consumer products replaced the trading of palm oil as the major business activity in terms of turnover. On palm oil trading, the  Group  purchased  directly  from  the  planters  and  sold  to  buyers  on  back-to-back  basis  with  no  physical deliveries; trendy merchandises and consumer products were purchased directly from factories on OEM under our own designs and brands; while the lending and investment activities had no physical purchases.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  purchase  policies  and  management  processes  were  same  as  in  the previous reporting periods, which can be summarized below:

The Group had a material and supplier management system, covering the process and procedure for procurement and  integrating  sustainability  into  our  supply  chain  by  evaluating  risks,  economics  and  environmental considerations. Our internal control policies manage and mitigate the economic, social and environmental risks in the supply chain.

The Group continued to procure on open and transparent basis from all suppliers on a fair and equitable manner. The  Group  maintained  a  stable  relationship  with  qualified  suppliers  through  strict  selection  criteria  and  supplier assessment, which included:

- (i) ability to meet specifications and standards;
- (ii) product and service quality;
- (iii) pricing of the products and services;
- (iv) quality control methods and practices, and reliable delivery method;
- (v) past performance; and
- (vi) environmental standards considerations including energy efficiency.

Before effecting any purchase order, the purchase department will perform a due diligence check on the ability and quality of the suppliers either through self-assessed customary market checking or engaging external professional firms to carry out a trade and credit checking.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

To  strengthen  its  mitigation  of  the  procurement  risks,  the  Group  continued  with  its  well-structured  supply  and purchase management policy and processes by adopting different approval authorities at different hierarchy levels of the management team. The system ensures that flaws and faults are eliminated in a check and balance manner.

The  purchase  of  items  or  services  for  general  use,  such  as  general  office  supplies,  were  generally  sourced  from local reputable and reliable suppliers to reduce carbon footprint during transportation and support the development of  the  local  economy.  The  Group  also  actively  sourced  environmentally  preferable  products  when  selecting  our suppliers.  For  palm  oil,  the  Group  only  purchased  from  few  long-term  suppliers  in  Southeast  Asia.  For  trendy fashion merchandises and consumer products, they were purchased on OEM basis from factories meeting with our specifications and requirements in the PRC.

The procurement of the group should be sourced from qualified suppliers whose products meet the requirements of  applicable  environmental  and  social  law  and  regulations.  In  the  environmental  aspect,  suppliers  are  required to  minimise  the  negative  impacts  on  the  environment  during  their  operations  and  strengthen  monitoring  of environmental  issues.  In  the  social  aspect,  suppliers  are  required  to  comply  with  the  relevant  national  labour policies  and  legislation,  which  include  prevention  of  slavery,  forced  and  bonded  labour,  child  labour  and  abusive employment practices.

Supplier Distribution by Geographical Region

<!-- image -->

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any significant problems with the products purchased from its  suppliers  in  terms  of  quality  and  reliability.  The  Group  also  did  not  find  any  malpractice  nor  fraud  during the procurement processes.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Product Responsibility

## Quality Assurance

Palm oil,  trendy  fashion  merchandises,  consumer  products,  and  lending  services  continue  to  be  the  major  areas where product qualities are involved and concerned. The Group fully understands that the quality and consistency of our end products and services are crucial for maintaining our reputation, credibility and market share.

Same  as  before,  for  palm  oil  trading,  given  its  direct  back-to-back  nature,  there  will  be  no  delivery  time  lag  or concerns on products quality and quantities; on trendy fashion merchandises and consumer products, which will be sold in their respective forms, images or designs at the time of contracts entered, there will not be any changes or  quality  issue  after  sales;  however,  there  may  be  an  issue  on  quality  of  after-sale  supporting  services,  as  the buyers may need our advice or request for modifications.

To  minimize  the  risks,  the  Group  relies  on  reliable  track  records,  reputation  and  integrity  in  selecting  our  trading partners  and  properly  follows  the  cargo  inspection  procedures.  The  relevant  sale  and  purchase  contracts  signed are also fully compliant with the Sale of Goods Ordinance (Chapter 26 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and the Trade Descriptions Ordinance (Chapter 362 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

On  our  lending  activity,  the  employees  are  required  to  follow  strictly  the  rules  and  regulations  issued  by  Hong Kong Monetary Authority in conducting our business, and are not allowed to misrepresent and give any warranties without the senior management's approval.

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material non-compliance related to its quality of product or services.

## Complaint Handling

The Group has committed to delivering quality and professional services to our customers and has implemented various  procedures  to  ensure  all  customer  complaints  or  concerns  are  addressed  at  the  appropriate  levels  and in  a  timely  manner.  The  direct  sales  account  officer  is  obligated  to  report  any  incidents  received  instantly  to  his superiors  who  will  then  decide  the  appropriate  remedial  actions  to  be  taken.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the Group  did  not  have  any  incident  of  customer  complaint  claiming  material  compensation,  or  any  investigation  by any government authorities in relation to such complaint that could have a material adverse impact on its business.

## Data Protection

The  Group  is  fully  aware  of  its  obligations  to  keep  and  protect  private  and  sensitive  information  of  the  clients and  business  partners  available  during  the  course  of  its  business  transactions.  The  Group  and  the  management have  installed  stringent  supervisory,  control  policy  and  measures  pursuant  to  the  Privacy  Laws  of  the  HKSAR and international  conventions,  to  ensure  those  information  and  data  are  kept  in  strictest  confidence,  and  are  not allowed to be disclosed and/or leaked to any other third parties without the knowledge and approval of the owner. All  Group's  employment  contracts  specifically  contain  confidentiality  provisions  and  all  employees  are  prohibited from accessing information without approval and/or leaking private and confidential information to third parties. A system of authorized access to such data is installed and followed at all times.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

During  the  Reporting  Period,  there  were  no  cases  initiated  against  the  Group,  nor  any  complaints  received, regarding any breach of relevant privacy laws, regulations and policies in any area in which it operated.

## Protection of Intellectual Property Rights (' IPR ')

Among the Group's main business, the design of the trendy fashion merchandises and consumer products is the only one related to IPR. The Group has constantly alerted our designers not to use pirated software, not to infringe on the IPR of others during the product design and development stages. The Group primarily relies on trademark and intellectual property laws, and confidentiality agreements with its senior employees and designers, to protect all  intellectual  property  relating  to  the  operation  of  its  trendy  fashion  merchandises  and  consumer  goods.  The Group  also  undertakes  to  the  client  that  all  the  images,  designs  and  brands  sold  have  valid  and  effective  legal rights and patents.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  infringement  of  its  or  any  IPR  including  which  had  or could have a material adverse effect on its business, and there were no legal proceedings in relation to IPR against the Group.

## Anti-Corruption

The  Group  continued  to  adopt  a  zero-tolerance  policy  towards  corruption,  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money laundering. At all times, all employees must adhere to ethical considerations as embodied in our code of conduct contained  in  the  employment  contracts  and  employee  handbook  and  internal  control  policies  when  working on  its  business  activities.  The  Group  adopted  and  implemented  clear  policies  and  procedures  with  regards  to procurement, sales, operational management and finance, and the CEO is charged with the responsibility to initiate investigation upon receiving any corruption reports. Employees are also required to declare any conflicts of interest in the execution of their roles. Through establishing these rules and guidance, the Group encourages all employees to discharge their duties with integrity and comply with the relevant national anti-bribery laws and regulations.

In  order  to  encourage  our  employees  to  report  corrupt  practices,  the  Group  establishes  internal  whistle-blowing policy  to  protected  the  whistle-blower  from  retaliation  or  adverse  consequence  of  their  employment.  Any improprieties can be reported to the Director via a confidential reporting channel to the extent that is made possible to  all  employees.  The  Director  is  responsible  for  conducting  a  comprehensive  and  independent  investigation  of each reasonably established report.

During  the  Reporting  Period,  no  adverse  comment  from  independent  external  auditor  on  corruption  and  fraud was  reported.  No  enquiry  or  concern  from  the  government  or  banking  officials  regarding  money  laundering  was received, and no complaint or litigation case on bribery, corruption or fraud against its staff was recorded.

## Community Investment

The Group strives to be a socially responsible corporate citizen making contributions to the local community within which  we  operate  by  addressing  local  community  environmental,  employment  and  cultural  concerns  and  issues. The Group prioritized its  employment by giving first  consideration  to  employees  from  the  local  communities.  The Group supported its employees and their family members to provide voluntary services and participate in charity, cultural, sports and educational activities as means to pay back to the local communities. The Group also operates in an eco-friendly mode and supported environmental activities to build a 'Green Global Society'.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SUMMARY OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

| Environmental Aspects  2022  2021  Unit  Aspect A1: Emissions  A1.1  The types of emissions and respective emissions data  Nitrogen oxides (NO  X  )  10.4  0.28  kg  Sulphur oxides (SO  X  )  0.1  0.001  kg  Respirable suspended particles (RSP)  -  0.28  kg  A1.2  Greenhouse gas emissions in total and intensity  Scope 1 emissions  138.5  3.7  tonnes CO  2  -e  Scope 2 emissions  50.1  32.8  tonnes CO  2  -e  Scope 3 emissions  0.1  -  tonnes CO  2  -e  Total greenhouse gas emissions  188.7  36.5  tonnes CO  2  -e  Intensity (by revenue)  3.6  -  tonnes CO  2  -e/  million HKD  revenue  Aspect A2: Use of Resources  A2.1  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type  Direct energy consumption  2,603.5 1  69.6  GJ  Indirect energy consumption  31.3  43.9  MWh  Total energy consumption  754.5  63.2  MWh-e  Intensity (by revenue)  14.5  1.3  MWh-e/million  HKD revenue  A2.2  Water consumption in total and intensity  Total water consumption  75.0  -  m 3  Intensity (by revenue)  1.4  -  m 3 /million HKD  revenue   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The increase in the direct energy consumption in 2022 was mainly due to the inclusion of Towngas consumption used in the furnace for providing staff meals in the Sheung Wan office.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| Social Aspects  2022  Unit  Aspect B1: Employment  B1.1  Total workforce  Total number of employees  8  employee  By gender  Female  2  employee  Male  6  employee  By employment type  Full-time  8  employee  Part-time  0  employee  By age group  Under 30 years old  0  employee  30-50 years old  7  employee  Over 50 years old  1  employee  By employee category  Director  6  employee  Manager  1  employee  Employee  1  employee  By function  Executive  3  employee  Technical  3  employee  Administrative  2  employee  By geographical region  Hong Kong  3  employee  China  5  employee  B1.2  Employee turnover rate  Total employee turnover rate  0  %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| Social Aspects  2022  Unit  Aspect B2: Health and Safety  B2.1  Number of work-related fatalities  0  no.  Rate of work-related fatalities  0  %  B2.2  Lost days due to work injury  0  day  Aspect B3: Development and Training  B3.1  Percentage of trained employees 2  Total number of trained employees  8  employee  Percentage of total employees trained  100  %  By gender  Female  25  %  Male  75  %  By employee category  Director  75  %  Manager  13  %  Employee  13  %  By function  Executive  38  %  Technical  38  %  Administrative  25  %  B3.2  Average training hours completed  Average training hours per employee  6  hour/employee  By gender  Female  9  hour/employee  Male  5  hour/employee  By employee category  Director  3  hour/employee  Manager  15  hour/employee  Employee  15  hour/employee  By function  Executive  2  hour/employee  Administrative  21  hour/employee  Production  9  hour/employee   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2 Percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| Social Aspects  2022  Unit  Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management  B5.1  Number of suppliers by geographical region  Total number of suppliers  6  supplier  By geographical region  Hong Kong  3  supplier  China  3  supplier  Aspect B6: Product Responsibility  B6.1  Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls  0  %  B6.2  Number of products and service-related complaints received  0  no.  Aspect B7: Anti-corruption  B7.1  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corruption  0  case   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

## To the Members of Wealth Glory Holdings Limited

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Wealth Glory Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 62 to 135, which comprise the consolidated statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive  income,  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  the  consolidated  statement  of cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  ('HKFRSs')  issued  by  the Hong Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the  HKICPA's  'Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants'  (the  'Code'),  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are the matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements for the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONT'D)

Key audit matter

I mpairment  assessment  of  trade  and  other receivables and loans receivables

We identified impairment assessment of trade and other receivables and loans receivables as a key audit matter due  to  its  significance  to  the  Group's  consolidated financial  position  and  the  involvement  of  subjective judgement and management estimates in evaluating the expected  credit  loss  ('ECL')  of  these  accounts  at  the end of the reporting period.

As  disclosed  in  note  4  to  the  consolidated  financial statements,  ECL  in  relation  of  trade  and  other receivables  and  loans  receivables  is  assessed individually  for  the  customers/debtors  with  significant balances  and/or  collectively  using  a  provision  matrix with appropriate groupings.

The Group engaged an independent professional valuer in  the  assessment of ECL, which is based on historical observed default rates and adjusted by forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort.

At  every  reporting  date,  the  historical  observed default  rates  are  reassessed  and  changes  in  the forward-looking information are considered.

The  provision  of  ECL  is  sensitive  to  changes  in estimates.  The  information  about  the  ECL  of  the Group's  trade  and  other  receivables,  loan  receivables and loan to investees are disclosed in notes 23, 24 and 25.

How the matter was addressed in our audit

Our  audit  procedures  relating  to  the  impairment assessment  of  trade  and  other  receivables  and  loans receivables included the following:

- -We  understood  key  controls  on  how  the management estimates the loss allowance for trade and other receivables and loans receivables;
- -We  tested  the  integrity  of  information  used  by the  management to  develop  the  matrix,  including ageing analysis as at 31 March 2022, on a sample basis,  by  comparing  individual  items  in  the analysis with the relevant supporting documents;
- -We  evaluated  the  management's  judgement  in assessing the valuation methodology;
- -We challenged management's basis and judgement in  determining  credit  loss  allowance  on  these accounts  as  at  31  March  2022,  including  their i d e n t i f i c a t i o n   and  evaluation  of  individually assessed  customers/debtors,  the  reasonableness of  management's  grouping  of  the  remaining customers/debtors  into  different  categories  in  the provision  matrix,  and  the  basis  of  estimated  loss rates  applied  in  each  category  in  the  provision matrix (with reference to historical default rates and forward-looking information);
- -We  evaluated  the  capabilities,  objectivities,  and competence  of  the  independent  external  valuer taking into account its experience and qualifications; and
- -We evaluated the disclosures regarding the impairment assessment  of  trade  and  other  receivables  and  loans receivables in notes 23, 24 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the information  included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and using  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  of  the  Company  either  intend  to  liquidate  the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to  any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal  control  that  we identify during our audit.

We also provide the those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated  in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The  engagement  partner  on  the  audit  resulting  in  the  independent  auditor's  report  is  Siu  Jimmy  with  Practising Certificate number P05898.

## Elite Partners CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants

10/F., 8 Observatory Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong 30 June 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  6  51,551  50,506  - Goods and service  49,846  48,602  - Interest  1,705  1,904  Cost of sales  (47,604)  (46,027)  Gross profit  3,947  4,479  Other income  7  58  2,103  Other gains and losses, net  8  (1,691)  (1,299)  Reversal/(provision) for impairment losses of  financial assets at amortised cost  9  4,445  (14,232)  Impairment loss of goodwill  -  (29,394)  Selling expenses  (8,353)  (493)  Administrative expenses  (26,012)  (26,997)  Other expenses  (218)  (435)  Loss from operations  (27,824)  (66,268)  Finance costs  10  (305)  (641)  Loss before taxation  (28,129)  (66,909)  Taxation  12  30  195  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  (28,099)  (66,714)  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (28,091)  (66,695)  Non-controlling interests  (8)  (19)  (28,099)  (66,714)  HK cents  HK cents  Loss per share  Basic and diluted  15  (3.91)  (15.48)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  16  -  1,467  Right-of-use assets  17  -  573  Intangible assets  20  324  542  324  2,582  Current assets  Inventories  21  3,406  3,744  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss ('FVTPL')  22  721  2,669  Trade receivables  23  29,674  31,936  Loans receivables  24  20,419  19,332  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  25  12,782  6,962  Loans to investees  18  -  4,099  Tax recoverable  -  13  Cash and cash equivalents  26  9,186  28,561  76,188  97,316  Current liabilities  Trade payables  27  5,646  2,167  Accruals and other payables  28  22,860  18,225  Lease liabilities  29  -  694  Bonds  30  -  9,700  28,506  30,786  Net current assets  47,682  66,530   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total assets less current liabilities  48,006  69,112  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  32  -  35  Net assets  48,006  69,077  Capital and reserves  Share capital  33  17,256  17,256  Reserves  30,777  51,840  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  48,033  69,096  Non-controlling interests  (27)  (19)  Total equity  48,006  69,077   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 62 to 135 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

Tse Sing Yu

Executive Director

Lin Su

Executive Director

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Merger  reserve  Share-  based  payments  reserve  FVOCI  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Sub-  Total  Non-  controlling  interest  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note i)  (Note ii)  (Note iii)  At 31 March 2020  49,304  566,572  (4,246)  2,967  (1,766)  (519,004)  93,827  -  93,827  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (66,695)  (66,695)  (19)  (66,714)  Capital reduction  (44,374)  44,374  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shares issued under rights issue  12,326  27,789  -  -  -  -  40,115  -  40,115  Transfer upon lapse of share options  -  -  -  (2,967)  -  2,967  -  -  -  Recognition of equity-settled share based payments  -  -  -  1,849  -  -  1,849  -  1,849  Written-off of financial assets at FVTOCI  -  -  -  -  1,766  (1,766)  -  -  -  At 31 March 2021  17,256  638,735  (4,246)  1,849  -  (584,498)  69,096  (19)  69,077  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (28,091)  (28,091)  (8)  (28,099)  Recognition of equity-settled share based payments  -  -  -  7,028  -  -  7,028  -  7,028  At 31 March 2022  17,256  638,735  (4,246)  8,877  -  (612,589)  48,033  (27)  48,006   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- i) The merger reserve of the Group arose as a result of the reorganisation of the Group implemented in preparation for the listing on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange').
2. ii) The  share-based  payments  reserve  represents  the  fair  value  of  the  actual  or  estimated  number  of  unexercised  or lapsed share options granted to grantee recognised in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for share-based payments as described in note 3 to these consolidated financial statements.
3. iii) The FVTOCI reserve represents cumulative gains and losses arising on the revaluation of equity instruments at FVTOCI that  have  been  recognised in other comprehensive income, net of amounts transferred to accumulated losses when those equity instruments at FVTOCI are disposed of or are determined to be impaired.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Loss before taxation  (28,129)  (66,909)  Adjustments for:  Impairment loss (reversed)/provided on trade receivables  (345)  1,157  Impairment loss provided on loans receivables  618  3,959  Impairment loss provided/(reversed) on other receivables  282  (11)  Loss/(gain) from changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL  1,135  (626)  Realised loss provided on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL  556  992  Impairment loss (reversed)/provided on loans to investees  (5,000)  9,127  Impairment of goodwill  -  29,394  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  1,467  3,481  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  573  1,524  Amortisation of intangible assets  218  435  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  830  Interest expense  305  641  Interest income  -  (1,789)  Share-based payments expenses  7,028  1,849  Rent concession  (58)  (35)  Written off of movie script deposit  -  220  Written off of financial assets at FVTOCI  -  2,742  Bad debts for loans receivables  -  3,148  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  (21,350)  (9,871)  Decrease/(increase) in inventories  338  (2,976)  Decrease/(increase) in financial assets at FVTPL  257  (367)  Decrease in trade receivables  2,607  566  (Increase)/decrease in loans receivables  (1,705)  849  (Increase)/decrease in prepayments,  deposits and other receivables  (6,102)  2,904  Increase in trade payables  3,479  2,167  Increase/(decrease) in accruals and other payables  4,635  (3,163)  Net cash used in operations  (17,841)  (9,891)  Tax refund/(paid)  8  (65)  Net cash used in operating activities  (17,833)  (9,956)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Investing activities  Interest paid  (5)  (155)  Proceed from sales of property, plant and equipment  -  500  Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities  (5)  345  Financing activities  Repayment of lease liability  (636)  (1,450)  Share issued under right issue  -  40,115  Repayment from loans to investees  9,099  2,000  Repayment of other borrowings  -  (2,955)  Repayment of bond  (10,000)  -  Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities  (1,537)  37,710  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (19,375)  28,099  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 April  28,561  462  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 March  9,186  28,561  Represented by:  Cash and cash equivalents  9,186  28,561  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Wealth  Glory  Holdings  Limited  (the  'Company')  is  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability and its shares are listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange'). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in Corporate Information section to the annual report.

The  Company  acts  as  an  investment  holding  company.  The  principal  activities  and  other  details  of  its subsidiaries are set out in note 40.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Hong  Kong  dollars  ('HK$'),  which  is  also  the functional currency of the Company.

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  to  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

| - Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2  Amendment to HKFRS 16  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except  as  described  below,  the  application  of  the  amendments  to  HKFRSs  in  the  current  year  has  had  no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

## 2.1 Impacts  on  the  application  of  Amendment  to  HKFRS  16  Covid-19-Related  Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

The Group has applied the amendment in the current year. The amendment extends the availability of the  practical  expedient  in  paragraph  46A  of  HKFRS  16  Leases  ('HKFRS  16')  by  one  year  so  that  the practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects only payments  originally  due  on  or  before  30  June  2022,  provided  the  other  conditions  for  applying  the practical expedient are met.

The application of this  amendment has had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (CONT'D)

New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 3 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments to HKAS 1  Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 2 Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  and related amendments to Hong Kong  Interpretation 5 (2020) 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and liabilities arising  from a Single Transaction 2  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 - 2020 1  Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)  Merger Accounting for Common Control Combination 4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

4 Effective  for  business  combinations/common  control  combination  for  which  the  acquisition  date/combination date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

The directors anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Statement of Compliance and Basis of Preparation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the HKICPA.  In  addition,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  include  applicable  disclosures  required  by  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules') and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the  historical  cost  basis,  except  for  certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical  cost  is  generally  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for  goods  and services.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable  or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In  estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a liability,  the  Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a  basis,  except  for  share-based  payment  transactions  that  are  within  the  scope  of  HKFRS  2  Share-based payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of assets.

For  financial  instruments  which  are  transacted  at  fair  value  and  a  valuation  technique  that  unobservable inputs is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

In  addition,  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  fair  value  measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2  or  3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation  of  a  subsidiary  begins  when  the  Group  obtains  control  over  the  subsidiary  and  ceases when  the  Group  loses  control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically,  income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary acquired  or  disposed  of  during  the  year  are  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit  or  loss  and  each  item  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners  of  the Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  of  subsidiaries  is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group's equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (b) Goodwill

Goodwill  arising  on  an  acquisition  of  a  business  is  carried  at  cost  as  established  at  the  date  of acquisition of the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For  the  purposes  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  is  allocated  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating units that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in  a  reporting  period,  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  goodwill  has  been  allocated  is  tested  for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.

On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination  of  the  amount  of  profit  or  loss  on  disposal.  When  the  Group  disposes  of  an  operation within  the  cash-generating  unit,  the  amount  of  goodwill  disposed  of  is  measured  on  the  basis  of  the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (c) Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control  is  transferred  over  time  and  revenue  is  recognised  over  time  by  reference  to  the  progress towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the  relevant  performance  obligation  if  one  of  the  following  criteria  is met:

- the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the  Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer  controls  as  the  Group performs; or
- the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and  the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise,  revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  distinct good or service.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (c) Revenue from contracts with customers (cont'd)

## Principal versus agent

When  another  party  is  involved  in  providing  goods  or  services  to  a  customer,  the  Group  determines whether the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

The  Group  is  a  principal  if  it  controls  the  specified  good  or  service  before  that  good  or  service  is transferred to a customer.

The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or  service  by  another  party.  In  this  case,  the  Group  does  not  control  the  specified  good  or  service provided by another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be  entitled  in  exchange  for  arranging  for  the  specified  goods  or  services  to  be  provided  by  the  other party.

The  Group  engages  in  trading  of  consumer  products,  natural  resources  and  commodities.  The  Group concluded that the Group acts as the principal for such transactions as it controls the specified good before it  is  transferred  to  the  customer  after  taking  into  consideration  indicators  such  as  the  Group  is primarily  responsible  for  fulfilling  the  promise  to  provide  the  goods.  The  Group  has  inventory  risk  and credit risk. When the Group satisfies the performance obligation, the Group recognises trading revenue in  the  gross  amount  of  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  as  specified  in  the contracts.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (c) Revenue from contracts with customers (cont'd)

Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of revenue can be measured reliably. Interest income from a financial asset is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## (d) Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  tangible  assets  that  are  held  for  use  in  the  production  or  supply of  goods  or  services,  or  for  administrative  purpose.  Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  in  the consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  at  cost  less  subsequent  accumulated  depreciation  and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation  is  recognised  so  as  to  write  off  the  cost  of  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  less their  residual  values  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  using  the  straight-line  method.  The  estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property,  plant  and  equipment  is  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future  economic benefits  are  expected  to  arise  from  the  continued  use  of  the  asset.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  the disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  determined  as  the  difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the profit or loss.

## (e) Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  calculated  using  the weighted  average  method.  Net  realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  for  inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

## (f) Intangible assets acquired separately

Intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  that  are  acquired  separately  are  carried  at  costs  less accumulated  amortisation  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Amortisation  for  intangible  assets with  finite  useful  lives  is  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (g) Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

Intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  are  identified  and  recognised  separately  from goodwill and are initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  are  reported  at  costs  less accumulated  amortisation  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses,  on  the  same  basis  as  intangible assets  that  are  acquired  separately.  Amortisation  for  intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  is recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  life  and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effective of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

An  intangible  asset  is  derecognised  on  disposal,  or  when  no  future  economic  benefits  are  expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## (h) Impairment  losses  on  tangible  and  intangible  assets  other  than  goodwill  (see  the accounting policy in respect of goodwill above)

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets  with  finite  useful  lives  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset  is estimated  in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss,  if  any.  When  it  is  not  possible  to estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount of  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  the  asset  belongs.  When  a  reasonable  and  consistent  basis  of allocation  can  be  identified,  corporate  assets  are  also  allocated  to  individual  cash-generating  units,  or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (h) Impairment  losses  on  tangible  and  intangible  assets  other  than  goodwill  (see  the accounting policy in respect of goodwill above) (cont'd)

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  increased  to the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying  amount  does  not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for  the  asset  (or  a  cash-generating  unit)  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## (i) Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## (j) Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before taxation  because  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or  deductible  in  other  years  and  items  that  are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  base  used  in  the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary difference to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (j) Taxation (cont'd)

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  from  investments  in subsidiaries  and  associate,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the  temporary difference  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to  the  extent  that  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available  to  allow  all  or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

Current  and  deferred  tax  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  when  they  relate  to  items  that  are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax  or  deferred  tax  arises  from  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business  combination,  the  tax  effect  is included in the accounting for the business combination.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (k) Leases

## Definition of a lease

A  contract  is,  or  contains,  a  lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception or  modification  date.  Such  contract  will  not  be  reassessed  unless  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the contract are subsequently changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of properties that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

Except for  short-term  leases,  the  Group  recognises  right-of-use  assets  at  the  commencement  date  of the  lease  (i.e.  the  date  the  underlying  asset  is  available  for  use).  Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; and
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease  incentives received.

Right-of-use  assets  in  which  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  obtain  ownership  of  the  underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

The  Group  presents  right-of-use  assets  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (k) Leases (cont'd)

## The Group as a lessee (cont'd)

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  a  lease,  the  Group  recognises  and  measures  the  lease  liability  at  the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments,  the  Group  uses  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the  lease  commencement  date  if  the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The  lease  payments  include  fixed  lease  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any lease incentives receivable.

The lease liability is subsequently measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease  liability  (using  the  effective  interest  method)  and  by  reducing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  the lease payments made.

The Group presents lease liabilities  as  a  separate  line  item  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position.

## Covid-19-related rent concessions

In  relation  to  rent  concessions  that  occurred  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  Covid-19  pandemic, the  Group  has  elected  to  apply  the  practical  expedient  not  to  assess  whether  the  change  is  a  lease modification if all of the following conditions are met:

- -the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;
- -any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022; and
- -there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

A  lessee  applying  the  practical  expedient  accounts  for  changes  in  lease  payments  resulting  from  rent concessions  the  same  way  it  would  account  for  the  changes  applying  HKFRS  16  if  the  changes  are not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven or waived.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (l) Foreign currencies

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  each  individual  group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other than the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing  on  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  monetary  items denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  that  date.  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

## (m)  Retirement benefit costs

Payments  to  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  are  charged  as  an  expense  when  employees  have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

The  Group  operates  a  MPF  Scheme  under  the  Hong  Kong  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Schemes Ordinance  for  those  employees  employed  under  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Hong  Kong  Employment Ordinance. The MPF Scheme is a defined contribution scheme, the assets of which are held in separate trustee-administered funds.

Under  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  employer  and  its  employees  are  each  required  to  make  contributions  to the  scheme  at  5%  of  the  employees'  relevant  income,  with  the  employers'  contributions  subject  to  a cap of monthly relevant income of HK$30,000. The Group's contributions to the scheme are expensed as  incurred  are  vested  in  accordance  with  the  scheme's  vesting  scales.  Where  employees  leave  the scheme prior to the full vesting of the employer's contributions, the amount of forfeited contributions is used to reduce the contributions payable by the Group.

## (n) Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A  liability  is  recognised  for  benefits  accruing  to  employees  (such  as  wages  and  salaries,  annual  leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by  employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the liabilities'  carrying  amounts  resulting  from service  cost,  interest  and  remeasurements  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  except  to  the  extent  that another HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when  a  group  entity  becomes  a  party  to  the contractual  provisions  of  the  instruments.  All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets  are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  except  for  trade  receivables arising  from  contracts  with  customers  which  are  initially  measured  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL') are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on  initial  recognition.  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  financial  assets  or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  asset  or financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest  income  and  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  estimated  future  cash  receipts  and  payments through  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  or  financial  liability,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Interest/dividend income which are derived from the Group's ordinary cause of business are present as revenue.

## (i) Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (cont'd)

Financial  assets  that  meet  the  following  conditions  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI'):

- the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both collecting contractual cash flows and selling; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the initial recognition of  a  financial  asset  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income ('OCI') if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or
- on  initial  recognition  it  is  a  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments  that  the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at  the  amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI  as  measured  at  FVTPL  if  doing  so  eliminates  or  significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (i) Financial assets (cont'd)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (cont'd)

- (i) Amortised cost and interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  financial  assets measured  subsequently  at  amortised  cost.  Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset,  except  for  financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have  subsequently  become  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective  interest  rate  to  the  amortised  cost  of  the  financial  asset  from  the  next  reporting period.  If  the  credit  risk  on  the  credit-impaired  financial  instrument  improves  so  that  the financial  asset  is  no  longer  credit-impaired,  interest  income  is  recognised  by  applying  the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit impaired.

## (ii) Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

Investments  in  equity  instruments  at  FVTOCI  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  with gains  and  losses  arising  from  changes  in  fair  value  recognised  in  OCI  and  accumulated  in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated losses.

Dividends  from  these  investments  in  equity  instruments  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent  a  recovery  of  part  of  the  cost  of  the  investment.  Dividends  are  included  in  the 'other income' line item in profit or loss.

## (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  being  measured  at  amortised  cost  or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the 'other gains and losses' line item.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (ii) Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit loss ('ECL') on financial assets which are subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (including trade receivables, loans receivables, deposits paid, other receivables, loans to investees and bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life  of  the  relevant  instrument.  In  contrast,  12-month  ECL  ('12m  ECL')  represents  the  portion  of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the  reporting  date.  Assessment  is  done  based  on  the  Group's  historical  credit  loss  experience, adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic  conditions  and  an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The  Group  always  recognises  lifetime  ECL  for  trade  receivables,  loans  to  investees  and  loans receivables.  The  ECL  on  trade  receivables  are  assessed  individually  for  debtors  with  significant balances and/or collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate groupings.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition, the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of  initial  recognition.  In  making  this  assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative  information  that  is  reasonable  and  supportable,  including  historical  experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

- (ii) Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (cont'd)
- (i) Significant increase in credit risk (cont'd)

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit risk has increased significantly:

- an  actual  or  expected  significant  deterioration  in  the  financial  instrument's  external  (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk,  e.g.  a  significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are  expected  to  cause  a  significant  decrease  in  the  debtor's  ability  to  meet  its  debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or technological  environment  of  the  debtor  that  results  in  a  significant  decrease  in  the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than  90  days  past  due,  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that demonstrates otherwise.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

- (ii) Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (cont'd)
- (i) Significant increase in credit risk (cont'd)

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  if  the  debt  instrument  is  determined  to  have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if  i)  it  has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash  flow  obligations  in  the  near  term  and  iii)  adverse  changes  in  economic  and  business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of 'investment grade' as per globally understood definitions.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the  criteria  are  capable  of  identifying  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  before  the  amount becomes past due.

## (ii) Definition of default

For  internal  credit  risk  management,  the  Group  considers  an  event  of  default  occurs  when information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is  unlikely  to  pay  its  creditors,  including  the  Group,  in  full  (without  taking  into  account  any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective  of  the  above,  the  Group  considers  that  default  has  occurred  when  a  financial asset  is  more  than  540  days  past  due  unless  the  Group  has  reasonable  and  supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

- (ii) Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (cont'd)
- (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  of  default  that  have  a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence  that  a  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  includes  observable  data  about  the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; or
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event; or
- (c) the  lender(s)  of  the  borrower,  for  economic  or  contractual  reasons  relating  to  the borrower's financial  difficulty,  having  granted  to  the  borrower  a  concession(s)  that  the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
- (d) it  is  becoming  probable  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial reorganisation; or
- (e) the  disappearance  of  an  active  market  for  that  financial  asset  because  of  financial difficulties.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty  is  in  severe  financial  difficulty  and  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery, for  example,  when  the  counterparty  has  been  placed  under  liquidation  or  has  entered  into bankruptcy  proceedings,  or  in  the  case  of  advances  and  receivables,  when  the  amounts are  over  730  days  past  due,  whichever  occurs  sooner.  Financial  assets  written  off  may  still be  subject  to  enforcement  activities  under  the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into account  legal  advice  where  appropriate.  A  write-off  constitutes  a  derecognition  event.  Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

- (ii) Impairment of financial assets subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9 (cont'd)
- (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The  measurement  of  ECL  is  a  function  of  the  probability  of  default,  loss  given  default  (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of  the  probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally,  the  ECL  is  the  difference  between  all  contractual  cash  flows  that  are  due  to  the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

Lifetime  ECL  for  certain  trade  receivables,  loans  to  investees  and  loans  receivables  are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

For  collective  assessment,  the  Group  takes  into  consideration  the  following  characteristics when formulating the grouping:

- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

Interest  income  is  calculated  based  on  the  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset unless  the  financial  asset  is  credit  impaired,  in  which  case  interest  income  is  calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by  adjusting  their  carrying  amounts,  with  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  where  the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (iii) Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities

Financial  liabilities  (including  trade  payables,  accruals  and  other  payables,  lease  liabilities  and bonds) are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest  expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including including all fees and points paid or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition. Interest expense is recognised on an effective interest basis.

## (iv) Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  measured  at  amounted  cost,  the  difference  between  the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

Financial  liabilities  are  derecognised  when  the  Group's  obligations  specified  in  the  relevant contract are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability  derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (p) Share options granted to employees

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without tasking into  considerations  all  non-market  vesting  conditions  is  expensed  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the vesting  period,  based  on  the  Group's  estimate  of  equity  instruments  that  will  eventually  vest,  with a  corresponding  increase  in  equity  (share-based  payments  reserve).  At  the  end  of  each  reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment  of  all  relevant  non-market  vesting  conditions.  The  impact  of  the  revision  of  the  original estimates,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  such  that  the  cumulative  expense  reflects  the  revised estimate,  with  a  corresponding  adjustment  to  the  share-based  payments  reserves.  For  share  options that  vast  immediately  at  the  date  of  grant,  the  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted  is  expensed immediately to profit or loss.

When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will  be  transferred  to  share  premium.  When  the  share  options  are  forfeited  after  the  vesting  date  or are  still  not  exercised  at  the  expiry  date,  the  amount  previously  recognised  in  share-based  payments reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

## (q) Share options granted to consultants

Equity-settled share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the fair value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the  entity  obtains  the  goods  or  the  counterparty  renders  the  services.  The  fair  values  of  the  goods  or services  received  are  recognised  as  expenses  (unless  the  goods  or  services  qualify  for  recognition  as assets).

## (r) Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  Group  will  comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  related  to  income  that  are  receivable  as  compensation  for  expenses  or  losses already  incurred  or  for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the  Group  with  no  future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under 'other income'.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (t) Related parties

- (a) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:
- (i) The entity  and  the  Group  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each  parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a Group of which the other entity is a member);
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) The entity is  a  post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) A  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or
- (viii) The  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  Group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

Principal Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (t) Related parties (cont'd)

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

- (i) that person's children and spouse or domestic partner;
- (ii) children of that person's spouse or domestic partner; and
- (iii) dependents of that person or that person's spouse or domestic partner.

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  which  are  described  in  note  3,  the  directors  of  the Company are required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  on-going  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  that  may  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

## Provision of ECL for trade and other receivable and loans receivables

The  Group's  trade  and  other  receivables  and  loans  receivables  are  assessed  for  impairment  based  on  the expected loss  model  required  by  HKFRS  9.  The  assessment  made  by  management  has  taken  into  account relevant historical information adjusted for forward looking information available to management at the date of assessment (to the extent that such information is reasonable and supportable without undue cost or effort). Impairment  losses  are  recognised  for  the  current  year  (please  see  Notes  23,  24  and  25).  Management  has exercised judgment in estimating the amount of expected credit loss. If the actual outcome is different from management's estimate, an additional impairment loss or reversal of impairment loss may arise.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss  721  2,669  Financial assets at amortised cost  65,525  89,886  66,246  92,555  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  28,506  30,092   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The  Group's  major  financial  instruments  include  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  trade receivables, loans receivables, other receivables and deposits, loans to investees, cash and cash equivalents, trade payables, accruals and other payables and bonds. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in  respective  notes.  The  risks  associated  with  these  financial  instruments  include  market  risk  (interest  rate risk, currency risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D) Market risk

## (i) Currency risk

Certain cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and trade payables of the Group are denominated in  foreign  currencies  which  are  different  from  functional  currencies  of  respective  group  entities.  As  at 31 March 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables and trade payables of respective group  entities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  were  immaterial.  The  Group  does  not  have  a  foreign currency hedging policy. However, management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## (ii) Interest rate risk

The Group's cash flow interest rate risk primarily relates to the variable-rate cash and cash equivalents. The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to its loans receivables and loans to investees.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  interest  rate  hedging  policy.  However,  the  management will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

The  Group's  exposures  to  interest  rate  risk  on  financial  liabilities  are  detailed  in  the  liquidity  risk management  section  of  this  note.  The  Group's  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  is  mainly  concentrated  on the fluctuation of Hong Kong Dollar Prime rate arising from the Group's Hong Kong dollar denominated borrowings.

The  management  considers  that  the  Group's  exposure  to  cash  flow  interest  rate  risk  on  variable-rate cash  and  cash  equivalents,  a  result  of  the  change  of  market  interest  rate  is  insignificant  due  to  its short-term maturity and thus no sensitivity analysis is prepared for interest rate risk.

## (iii) Price risk

The Group is exposed to price risk through its natural resources trading business of which their prices fluctuate  directly  with  the  commodity  price  (i.e.  price  of  magnetite  sand  concentrate  and  palm  oil). The  commodity  price  is  affected  by  a  wide  range  of  global  and  domestic  factors  which  are  beyond the  control  of  the  Group.  The  fluctuation  in  commodity  prices  may  have  favourable  or  unfavourable impacts to the Group. The management considered that the price risk is mitigated through entering into corresponding contracts with customers and the Group's pricing policy in relation to the suppliers' and customers' contracts. Accordingly, the exposure of the Group to price risk is considered insignificant by the management of the Group and hence no sensitivity analysis is presented.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## Market risk (cont'd)

## (iii) Price risk (cont'd)

The  Group  is  exposed  to  equity  price  risk  through  its  investments  in  listed  equity  securities.  The management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. The Group's equity price risk is mainly concentrated on equity instruments quoted on the Stock Exchange. In  addition,  the  Group  monitor  the  price  risk  and  will  consider  hedging  the  risk  exposure  should  the need arise.

## Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end  of  the  reporting  period.  For  sensitivity  analysis  purpose,  the  sensitivity  rate  is  set  as  10%  as  a result  of  the  volatile  financial  market.  If  the  prices  of  the  respective  equity  instruments  had  been  10% higher/lower, the loss for the year ended 31 March 2022 would decrease/increase by HK$72,000 (2021: HK$267,000) as a result of the change in financial assets at FVTPL.

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables, loans to investees, loans receivables, other receivables and deposit and cash and cash equivalents.

As  at  31  March  2022  and  2021,  the  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  which  will  cause  a  financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is the carrying amounts of the respective recognised financial assets such as loans receivables, and trade receivables as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The  Group  has  significant  concentration  of  credit  risk  on  loans  receivables  and  loans  to  investees  to five  counterparties  (2021:  five)  and  no  counterparty  (2021:  one)  respectively  of  HK$21,200,000  (2021: HK$15,924,000)  and  Nil  (2021:  HK$4,099,000)  respectively  and  largest  customer  of  loans  receivables  of HK$4,200,000  (2021:  HK$4,000,000)  as  at  31  March  2022.  The  directors  of  the  Company  continuously monitors  the  credit  quality  and  financial  conditions  of  these  counterparties  and  the  level  of  exposure  to ensure the follow-up action is taken to recover the debt.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

Credit risk and impairment assessment (cont'd)

As  at  31  March  2022,  financial  assets  at  FVTPL  of  HK$721,000  (2021:  HK$2,669,000)  are  held  under  a broker's custodian account.

In  order  to  minimise  the  credit  risk,  management  of  the  Group  has  delegated  a  team  responsible  for determination  of  credit  limits,  credit  approvals  and  other  monitoring  procedures  to  ensure  that  follow-up action is  taken  to  recover  overdue  debts.  In  addition,  management reviews the recoverable amount of each individual  debt  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  to  ensure  that  adequate  impairment  losses  are  made  for irrecoverable amounts.

The  credit  risk  on  liquid  funds  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  with  high  credit  ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

The  Group  applied  the  HKFRS  9  simplified  approach  to  measuring  expected  credit  losses  which  uses  a lifetime  expected  credit  loss  allowance  for  all  trade  receivables,  loans  to  investees  and  loans  receivables. To  measure  the  expected  credit  losses,  trade  receivables  have  been  grouped  based  on  shared  credit  risk characteristics and the days past due. The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables, loans to investees and loans receivables as at 31 March 2022 and 2021:

| Trade receivables  Expected loss  Gross carrying  amount  Loss  allowance -  Lifetime ECL  (not credit  impaired)  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Current (not past due)  0.27  2,581  7  Less than 3 months past due  0.81  4,427  36  3 months to 6 months past due  1.16  18,804  219  6 months to 12 months past due  1.79  557  10  Over 1 year past due  21.19  4,539  962  30,908  1,234  At 31 March 2021  Current (not past due)  0.30  2,007  6  Less than 3 months past due  0.76  24,547  187  3 months to 6 months past due  19.17  1,586  304  6 months to 12 months past due  20.13  5,375  1,082  33,515  1,579   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

Credit risk and impairment assessment (cont'd)

| Loans to investees  Expected loss  Gross carrying  amount  Loss  allowance -  Lifetime ECL  (not credit  impaired)  Loss  allowance -  Lifetime ECL  (credit  impaired)  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Current (not past due)  -  -  -  -  61-90 day past due  -  -  -  -  91-180 day past due  -  -  -  -  Over 1 year past due  100%  15,198  -  15,198  15,198  -  15,198  At 31 March 2021  Current (not past due)  0.07%  4,102  3  -  61-90 day past due  100%  9,998  -  9,998  91-180 day past due  100%  10,200  -  10,200  24,300  3  20,198  Loans receivables  Expected loss  Gross carrying  amount  Loss  allowance -  Lifetime ECL  (not credit  impaired)  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Current (not past due)  21.19  25,910  5,491  At 31 March 2021  Current (not past due)  20.13  24,205  4,873   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (cont'd)

Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers/debtors to settle the receivables.

The following table shows reconciliation of loss allowance for other receivables under HKFRS 9.

| 12m ECL  Lifetime ECL  (credit  impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April 2020  16  8,338  8,354  Reversal of ECL  (11)  -  (11)  Written-off  -  (8,338)  (8,338)  As at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  5  -  5  Recognition of ECL  282  -  282  As at 31 March 2022  287  -  287   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

The  Group  manages  its  liquidity  risk  by  monitoring  and  maintaining  a  level  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents considered  adequate  by  the  management  to  finance  the  Group's  operations  and  mitigate  the  effects of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.  The  management  monitors  the  utilisation  of  other  borrowings  and  ensure compliance with loan covenants.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

As at 31 March 2022

Trade payables, accruals and other payables

| Weighted  average  effective  Interest rate  Within  1 year or  repayable  on demand  Between  1 to 2 years  Between  2 to 5 years  Over  5 years  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  Carrying  amount at the  end of the  reporting  period  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  -  28,506  -  -  -  28,506  28,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

Liquidity risk (cont'd)

| Weighted  average  effective  Interest rate  Within  1 year or  repayable  on demand  Between  1 to 2 years  Between  2 to 5 years  Over  5 years  Total  undiscounted  cash flow  Carrying  amount at the  end of the  reporting  period  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 March 2021  Trade payables, accruals and  other payables  -  20,392  -  -  -  20,392  20,392  Lease liabilities  3.27  695  -  -  -  695  694  Bonds  7.04  10,000  -  -  -  10,000  9,700  31,087  -  -  -  31,087  30,786   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Fair value measurements of financial instruments

Fair value of the Group's financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The Group's financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period.

## Fair value hierarchy as at 31 March 2022

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  Held for trading-listed equity securities  721  -  -  721  ## Fair value hierarchy as at 31 March 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at FVTPL  Held for trading-listed equity securities  2,669  -  -  2,669   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is no transfer between different levels of the fair value hierarchy for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## Fair value of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

The management of the Group estimates the fair value of its financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost using the discounted cash flows analysis.

The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair values.

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

Revenue represents the amounts received and receivable for goods sold and services provided by the Group, net of discounts and sales related taxes for both years.

Revenue by product type is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Natural Resources and Commodities  18,368  25,500  Trading of Consumer Products  31,478  23,102  Money Lending  1,705  1,904  51,551  50,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Segment revenue and results

The  Group  determines  its  operating  segment  and  measurement  of  segment  profit  based  on  the  internal reports to executive directors, the Group's chief operating decision makers (the 'CODM'), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group's reportable and operating segments are as follows:

- (a) the  natural  resources  and  commodities  business  segment  engaged  in  the  trading  of  natural  resources and commodities including but not limited to iron ore concentrate, coal and crude palm oil etc. ('Trading of Resources and Commodities');
- (b) the  trading  of  trendy  fashion  merchandises  and  others  consumer  products  ('Trading  of  Consumer Products');

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

Segment revenue and results (cont'd)

- (c) interest income from the money lending business ('Money Lending'); and
- (d) the investments in securities in Hong Kong ('Securities Investment').

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by operating and reportable segment.

| 2022  Trading of  Resources and  Commodities  Trading of  Consumer  Products  Money  Lending  Securities  Investment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue  External  18,368  31,478  1,705  -  51,551  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point of time  18,368  31,478  -  -  49,846  Over time  -  -  1,705  -  1,705  18,368  31,478  1,705  -  51,551  Segment results  300  (15,209)  187  (1,691)  (16,413)  Reconciliation:  Amortisation of intangible assets  (218)  Impairment loss recognised  in respect of loans receivables  (618)  Impairment loss reversed  in respect of trade receivables  345  Impairment loss recognised in  respect of other receivables  (282)  Impairment loss reversed in  respect of loans to investees  5,000  Unallocated corporate income  58  Unallocated corporate expenses  (15,696)  Unallocated finance costs  (305)  Loss before taxation  (28,129)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

Segment revenue and results (cont'd)

| 2021  Trading of  Resources and  Commodities  Trading of  Consumer  Products  Money  Lending  Securities  Investment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Segment revenue  External  25,500  23,102  1,904  -  50,506  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point of time  25,500  23,102  -  -  48,602  Over time  -  -  1,904  -  1,904  25,500  23,102  1,904  -  50,506  Segment results  (546)  (5,334)  64  (366)  (6,182)  Reconciliation:  Interest income and other income  1,789  Amortisation of intangible assets  (435)  Impairment loss of goodwill  (29,394)  Impairment loss recognised  in respect of loans receivables  (3,959)  Impairment loss recognised  in respect of trade receivables  (1,157)  Impairment loss recognised in  respect of loans to investees  (9,127)  Impairment loss reversed in  respect of other receivables  11  Bad debts for loans receivables  (3,148)  Unallocated corporate income  142  Unallocated corporate expenses  (14,808)  Unallocated finance costs  (641)  Loss before taxation  (66,909)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

## Segment revenue and results (cont'd)

The accounting policies  of  the  operating  and  reportable  segments  are  the  same  as  the  Group's  accounting policies  described  in  note  3.  Segment  (loss)  profit  represents  the  (loss  incurred)  profit  earned  by  each segment without allocation of interest income and other income, amortisation of intangible assets, impairment losses  (reversed)/recognised  in  respect  of  goodwill,  intangible  assets,  trade  and  other  receivables,  loans  to an  investee,  bad  debt  of  loans  receivables,  unallocated  corporate  income,  corporate  expenses  and  certain finance costs. This is the measure reported to the Group's CODM for the purpose of resource allocation and performance  assessment.  The  CODM  only  focuses  on  monitoring  segment  performances  without  reviewing segment assets and liabilities. Accordingly, no segment assets and segment liabilities are presented.

## Other segment information

## For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Trading of  Resources and  Commodities  Trading of  Consumer  Products  Money  Lending  Securities  Investment  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment results:  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  -  -  -  573  573  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment  -  -  -  -  1,467  1,467  Finance costs  -  -  -  -  305  305   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For the year ended 31 March 2021

| Trading of  Resources and  Commodities  Trading of  Consumer  Products  Money  Lending  Securities  Investment  Unallocated  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amounts included in the measure of  segment results:  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  149  -  -  1,375  1,524  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment  -  4  -  -  3,477  3,481  Finance costs  -  1  -  -  640  641   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 6. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

## Geographical information

The Group's operation are located on Hong Kong.

Information  about  the  Group's  revenue  from  external  customers  is  presented  based  on  the  location  of  the operation. Information about the Group's non-current assets is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.

| Revenue from  external customers  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  10,486  12,888  324  2,582  The People's Republic of China  (the 'PRC') (except Hong Kong)  41,065  37,618  -  -  Total  51,551  50,506  324  2,582   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about major customers

Revenue from customers of the corresponding years individually contributing over 10% of total revenue of the Group are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A 2  10,048  11,870  Customer B 1  13,863  11,822  Customer C 2  8,320  13,630   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 These revenue are derived from the Group's Trading of Consumer Products segment.

2 These revenue are derived from the Group's Trading of Resources and Commodities segment.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 7. OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest income from loans to investees  -  1,789  Others  -  13  Government grants  -  266  Rent concession  58  35  58  2,103   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  recognised  government  grants  of  Covid-19  related subsidies, of which all related to Employment Support Scheme provided by the Hong Kong Government.

## 8. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/gain from changes in fair value on financial assets at FVTPL  (1,135)  626  Net foreign exchange loss  -  (65)  Loss on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL  (556)  (992)  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  (830)  Others  -  (38)  (1,691)  (1,299)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. REVERSAL/(PROVISION) FOR IMPAIRMENT LOSSES OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTISED COST

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Impairment loss (reversed)/provided on trade receivables  (345)  1,157  Impairment loss provided/(reversed) on other receivables  282  (11)  Impairment loss (reversed)/provided on loans to investees  (5,000)  9,127  Impairment loss provided on loans receivables  618  3,959  (4,445)  14,232   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 10. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interests on other borrowings Interest on lease liabilities Effective interests on bonds  -  108  5  47  300  486  305  641   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES Directors' remuneration

Directors'  remuneration  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  as  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  applicable  Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

| Year ended 31 March 2022  Directors'  fees  Salaries and  benefits  in kind  Bonus  Share-based  payments  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contributions  Total  emolument  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Ms. Lin Su  -  240  -  787  -  1,027  Mr. Tse Sing Yu (Chairman)  -  361  15  787  20  1,183  Independent Non-Executive  Directors  Mr. Tam Chak Chi  -  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Liu Yongsheng  120  -  -  -  -  120  Mr. Chan Ka Hung  120  -  -  -  -  120  Total emoluments  240  601  15  1,574  20  2,450   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 11. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

Directors' remuneration (cont'd)

Directors'  remuneration  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  as  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  applicable  Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, is as follows:

| Year ended 31 March 2021  Directors'  fees  Salaries and  benefits  in kind  Bonus  Share-based  payments  Retirement  benefits  scheme  contributions  Total  emolument  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Directors  Ms. Lin Su  -  240  -  205  -  445  Mr. Tse Sing Yu (Chairman)  -  360  -  205  18  583  Independent Non-executive  Directors  Mr. Tam Chak Chi  -  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Liu Yongsheng  120  -  -  -  -  120  Mr. Chan Ka Hung  120  -  -  -  -  120  Total emoluments  240  600  -  410  18  1,268   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 11. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## Directors' remuneration (cont'd)

The  executive  directors'  emoluments  shown  above  were  mainly  for  their  services  in  connection  with  the management  of  the  affairs  of  the  Company  and  the  Group.  The  independent  non-executive  directors' emoluments  shown  above  were  mainly  for  their  services  as  directors  of  the  Company.  No  directors  of  the Company waived any emoluments during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## Five highest paid employees

Of  the  five  employees  with  the  highest  emoluments  in  the  Group,  two  (2021:  two)  was  the  directors  of the  Company  whose  emoluments  are  set  out  above.  The  emoluments  of  the  remaining  three  (2021:  three) employees are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and benefits in kind  933  1,118  Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  29  36  Share-based payments  2,045  540  3,007  1,694  Their emoluments were within the following bands:  2022  2021  Number of  employee  Number of  employee  Nil to HK$1,000,000  1  3  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  2  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid employees during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 12. TAXATION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Tax credit comprise of:  Overprovision in prior year  -  (123)  Current tax expense  5  -  Deferred tax credit (Note 33)  (35)  (72)  (30)  (195)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime of Hong Kong Profits Tax, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying  group  entity  will  be  taxed  at  8.25%,  and  profits  above  HK$2  million  will  be  taxed  at  16.5%.  The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered profits tax rates regime as insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the loss before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before taxation  (28,129)  (66,909)  Tax at the income tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  (4,641)  (11,039)  Tax relief of 8.25% on first HK$2 million assessable profit  (15)  -  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes  3,001  9,281  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes  (874)  -  Tax effect of the tax losses not recognised  2,509  1,686  Tax concession  (10)  -  Overprovision in respect of prior years  -  (123)  Taxation for the year  (30)  (195)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 13. LOSS FOR THE YEAR

Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's remuneration  590  590  Bad debts of loans receivables  -  3,148  Cost of inventories recognised as an expense  47,604  48,602  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  1,467  3,481  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  573  1,524  Amortisation of intangible assets (included in other expenses)  218  435  Expenses related to short-term leases  218  277  Written off of movie script deposit  -  220  Written off of financial assets FVTOCI  -  2,742  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  830  Staff costs including directors' emoluments  - Salaries and benefits in kind  2,710  2,342  - Share-based payments  7,028  1,849  - bonus  15  -  - Contributions to retirement benefits schemes  82  69  Total staff costs  9,835  4,260   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. DIVIDEND

No  dividend  was  paid  or  proposed  for  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company  during  2022,  nor  has  any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2021: HK$Nil).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 15. LOSS PER SHARE

The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to the owners of the Company for the year is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company  Loss for the purposes of basic and diluted loss per share  28,091  66,695  2022  2021  '000  '000  Number of shares  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purposes of basic  and diluted loss per share  719,019  430,739   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The computation of diluted loss per share for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 do not assume the exercise of the Company's share options since their assumed conversion would result in a decrease in loss per share.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Furniture and  equipment  Motoryacht  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020  6,286  163  3,800  10,249  Disposal  -  -  (3,800)  (3,800)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  6,286  163  -  6,449  Disposal  (6,286)  -  -  (6,286)  At 31 March 2022  -  163  -  163  Depreciation  At 1 April 2020  1,532  159  2,280  3,971  Provided for the year  3,287  4  190  3,481  Eliminated on disposal  -  -  (2,470)  (2,470)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  4,819  163  -  4,982  Provided for the year  1,467  -  -  1,467  Eliminated on disposal  (6,286)  -  -  (6,286)  At 31 March 2022  -  163  -  163  Net carrying value  At 31 March 2022  -  -  -  -  At 31 March 2021  1,467  -  -  1,467   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  depreciated  on  straight-line  basis  to  their  residual values at the following rates per annum:

| Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Motoryacht  Over the lease term  20%  20%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leased  properties  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Carrying amount  -  At 31 March 2021  Carrying amount  573  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Depreciation  (573)  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Depreciation  (1,524)  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expense relating to short-term leases  218  277  Total cash outflow for leases  859  1,774   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  leases  properties  for  its  operations.  Lease  contracts  are entered into for fixed term of 2 to 3 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 18. LOANS TO INVESTEES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  4,099  5,750  Loan interest receivable  -  349  Repayment  (4,099)  (2,000)  At 31 March  -  4,099  The movement in impairment of loan to investee are as follow:  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  3  3  Impairment loss written-off  (3)  -  At 31 March  -  3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  loan  to  Goldenbase  of  HK$Nil  (2021:  HK$4,099,000)  is  unsecured,  interest-bearing  at  10%  per  annum and repayable on demand.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 19. GOODWILL

The amounts of goodwill capitalised by the Group as an asset and recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Reconciliation of carrying amount  At beginning of reporting period  -  29,394  Impairment  -  (29,394)  At end of reporting period  -  -  At 31 March  Cost  34,279  34,279  Accumulated impairment losses  (34,279)  (34,279)  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  recoverable  amount  of  trading  of  consumer  products  business segment  -  CGU  has  been  determined  based  on  a  value  in  use  calculation  with  reference  to  a  valuation performed  by  a  firm  of  independent  professional  valuer.  The  calculation  adopted  cash  flow  projections covering  a  5-year  period,  based  on  financial  budgets  approved  by  the  management  with  discount  rate  of 15.14% per annum. Cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated with 3% growth rate. Other key assumptions for the value in use calculations relate to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include budgeted gross margin of 5.32%. Such estimation is based on the unit's past performance and management's expectations of the market development.

During the year ended 31 March 2021, HK$29,394,000 impairment loss has been recognised in relation to the trading of consumer products business segment - CGU.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Distribution  right in  3D phone  Customer  relationship  Distribution  right in  sports cars  Money  lending  license  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020  1,600  2,610  20,000  324  24,534  Written off  (1,600)  -  -  -  (1,600)  At 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  -  2,610  20,000  324  22,934  Amortisation and impairment  At 1 April 2020  1,600  1,957  20,000  -  23,557  Amortisation  -  435  -  -  435  Written off  (1,600)  -  -  -  (1,600)  At 31 March 2021  -  2,392  20,000  -  22,392  Amortisation  -  218  -  -  218  At 31 March 2022  -  2,610  20,000  -  22,610  Net carrying value  At 31 March 2022  -  -  -  324  324  At 31 March 2021  -  218  -  324  542   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2016,  Bright  Billion  Holdings  Limited  ('Bright  Billion'),  a  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, signed a distribution agreement with a supplier, pursuant to which, Bright Billion was appointed as an authorised distributor and granted the right of distribution, marketing and service of a 3D phone 'FOVEA' in India at a consideration of HK$1,600,000 in cash. The distribution right in 3D phone has  finite  useful  lives  and  are  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  5  years.  The  directors  decided  that the 3D phone project has not yet operated and no revenue generated in the last 2 years. The Group's Chief operating  decision  makers  decided  to  make  a  fully  impairment  of  the  carrying  amount  HK$1,200,000  in year ended 31 March 2017. The distribution right has expired during the year ended 31 March 2021 and the related carrying amount is written off accordingly.

The  intangible  assets  of  customer  relationship  are  acquired  from  the  acquisition  of  a  subsidiary  during  the year ended 31 March 2016 and is amortised on a straight-line basis over 6 years.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  directors  considered  the  market  feasibility  for  this  kind  of  sport car and therefore reassessed the value of distribution rights in sports cars. As the distribution rights has not generated any revenue in the prior years, the directors decided that no reversal of impairment for the year.

## 21. INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Finished goods  3,406  3,744   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ('FVTPL')

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity securities listed in Hong Kong (Note)  721  2,669   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  fair  value  of  these  listed  securities  are  determined  based  on  the  quoted  market  bid  parties  at  the  end  of each reporting period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 23. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  30,908  33,515  Less: Impairment allowance  (1,234)  (1,579)  29,674  31,936   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group allows an average credit period of 30 days to its customers from Trading of Consumer Products business for both years. Each customer has a maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is  normally  required.  The  Group  seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables.  Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors. An ageing analysis of the trade receivables, net of allowance of  credit  loss  presented  based  on  the  invoice  date  (which  is  approximately  the  revenue  recognition  date)  at the end of the reporting period is presented below.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-90 days  2,761  2,001  91-180 days  4,153  24,360  181-365 days  19,183  1,282  Over 365 days  3,577  4,293  29,674  31,936   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Before  accepting  any  new  customer,  the  Group  assesses  the  potential  customer's  credit  quality  and defines  credit  limits  by  customer.  Credit  limits  attributable  to  customers  are  reviewed  regularly.  Customers representing trade receivables that are neither past due nor impaired are customers that have no default of payment in the past and have good credit rating attributable under the credit review procedures used by the Group.

The Group has a policy for impairment allowance which is based on the evaluation of collectability and ageing analysis  of  accounts  and  on  management's  judgement  including  the  credit  creditworthiness  and  the  past collection history of each client.

As at 1 April 2020, trade receivable from contracts with customers amounted to HK$33,663,000.

## 23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

The movement in impairment allowance of trade receivables is as follow:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  1,579  422  Impairment loss (reversed)/recognised  (345)  1,157  At 31 March  1,234  1,579  ## 24. LOANS RECEIVABLES  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unsecured fixed-rate loans receivables  25,910  24,205  Less: impairment allowance  (5,491)  (4,873)  Total  20,419  19,332  The exposure of the Group's fixed-rate loans receivables to interest rate risks and their contractual maturity dates are as follows:  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  20,419  19,332   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  seeks  to  apply  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  loans  receivables  and  has  a  credit  control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management.

The loans receivable had contractual maturity dates between six months to a year as at 31 March 2022 (2021: six months to a year). The interest rate for the fixed-rate loans receivable was ranged from 6% to 12% (2021: 6% to 12%) per annum.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 24. LOANS RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

The movement in impairment of loan receivables are as follow:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  4,873  914  Impairment loss recognised  618  3,959  At 31 March  5,491  4,873   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current assets:  Deposit paid  4,248  4,348  Prepayment  6,536  1,004  Other receivables  2,285  1,615  Less: Impairment loss recognised (Note ii)  (287)  (5)  12,872  6,692  Loans to investees (Note iii)  15,198  20,198  Less: Impairment recognised in respect of loans to investees (Note i)  (15,198)  (20,198)  12,782  6,962   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 25. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

Notes:

- (i) The movement in impairment allowance on loans to investees is as follow:

At 1 April

Impairment loss (reversed)/recognised

At 31 March

(ii) The movement in impairment allowance on other receivables is as follow:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April  5  8,354  Allowance recognised/(reversed)  282  (11)  Amount written off  -  (8,338)  At 31 March  287  5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (iii) The  balance  represents  shareholder's  loans  to  Joyful  Ease  and  Ocean  Group  of  which  are  unsecured  and interest-free.

The  directors  of  the  Company  expect  that  the  shareholder's  loan  to  Joyful  Ease  with  principal  amount  of HK$9,000,000  will  be  repaid  after  five  years  from  the  date  of  derecognition  of  interest  in  Joyful  Ease  to available-for-sale investments in year ended 31 March 2016, and hence the amount is classified as a non-current asset.  Such  non-current  interest-free  loan  to  investee  is  adjusted  for  revised  estimates  and  HK$4,241,000  is debited  to  profit  or  loss  using  effective  interest  rate  of  13.63%  per  annum  in  the  year  ended  31  March  2016. The  balance  as  at  31  March  2022  is  HK$9,000,000  (2021:  HK$9,000,000).  Impairment  loss  HK$Nil  (2021: HK$437,000), was recognised during the year.

The  directors  of  the  Company  expect  that  another  shareholder's  loan  to  Joyful  Ease  with  principal  amount  of HK$1,200,000 will be repaid after five years from the first day of drawdown in the year ended 31 March 2016, and  hence  the  amount  is  classified  as  a  non-current  asset.  Such  non-current  interest-free  loan  to  investee is  adjusted  for  revised  estimates  and  HK$515,000  is  debited  to  profit  or  loss  using  effective  interest  rate  of 11.88% per annum in the year ended 31 March 2016. The balance as at 31 March 2022 is HK$1,200,000 (2021: HK$1,200,000). Impairment loss HK$Nil (2021: HK$122,000) was recognised during the year.

The  directors  of  the  Company  expect  that  the  shareholder's  loan  to  Ocean  Group  with  principal  amount  of HK$9,998,000 will be repaid after five years from the first day of drawdown in the year ended 31 March 2016, and  hence  the  amount  is  classified  as  a  non-current  asset.  Such  non-current  interest-free  loan  to  investee  is adjusted  for  revised  estimates  and  HK$4,327,000  is  debited  to  available-for-sale  investments  using  effective interest  rate  of  11.96%  per  annum  in  the  year  ended  31  March  2016.  The  balance  as  at  31  March  2022  is HK$4,998,000 (2021: HK$9,998,000). Impairment loss HK$5,000,000 (2021: HK$8,568,000 was recognised) was recovered during the year.

2022

HK$'000

20,198

(5,000)

15,198

2021

HK$'000

11,071

9,127

20,198

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 26. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

The balance include bank balances which receive variable interest at an average rate of 1% (2021: 1%) per annum. For the year ended 31 March 2022, none of the bank balances was denominated in RMB (2021: HK$ Nil), which is not freely convertible into other currencies.

## 27. TRADE PAYABLES

The following is an ageing analysis of trade payable presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-90 days  -  1,167  91-180 days  -  1,000  181-365 days  5,646  -  5,646  2,167   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit period ranged from 90 days to 120 days.

## 28. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

Accruals

Deposit received

Other payables

2022

HK$'000

16,114

344

6,402

22,860

2021

HK$'000

14,228

344

3,653

18,225

## 29. LEASE LIABILITIES

The exposure of the Group's lease liabilities is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  -  694  Within a period of more than one year but exceeding two years  -  -  -  694  Less:   Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under  current liabilities  -  (694)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under  non-current liabilities  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities was Nil (2021: 3.27%).

## 30. BONDS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 1 April  9,700  9,214  Effective interest expense  300  486  Repayment  (10,000)  -  As at 31 March  -  9,700  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Analysed by:  Current  -  9,700  Non-current  -  -  -  9,700   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 28 November 2013, the Company issued an unsecured bond to an independent third party with principal amount of  HK$10,000,000,  and  with  coupon  rate  of  5.33%  per  annum.  The  aggregate  consideration  of  the bond amounted to HK$6,000,000 which has been netted with the fully prepaid interest of HK$4,000,000. The effective interest rate of the bond is 7.04%. The maturity date of the bond is 7.5 years.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 31. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

| Bonds  Other  borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  9,214  2,955  2,179  14,348  Changes from financing cash flows  Repayment  -  (2,955)  (1,450)  (4,405)  Interest paid  -  (108)  (47)  (155)  Other changes  Interest charges  486  108  47  641  Rent concession  -  -  (35)  (35)  At 31 March 2021  9,700  -  694  10,394  Changes from financing cash flows  Repayment  (10,000)  -  (636)  (10,636)  Interest paid  -  -  (5)  (5)  Other changes  Interest charges  300  -  5  305  Rent concession  -  -  (58)  (58)  At 31 March 2022  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 32. DEFERRED TAXATION

The  following  are  the  major  deferred  tax  asset  and  liability  recognised  and  movements  thereon  during  the current and prior years:

| Unrealised  loss on  securities  trading  Tax loss  Intangible  assets  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  (2,950)  2,950  107  107  (Credit) charge to profit or loss (Note 12)  (103)  103  (72)  (72)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  (3,053)  3,053  35  35  (Credit) charge to profit or loss (Note 12)  187  (187)  (35)  (35)  At 31 March 2022  (2,866)  2,866  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  has  estimated  unused  tax  losses  of  approximately HK$88,238,000  (2021:  HK$73,029,000)  available  to  offset  against  future  profits.  No  deferred  tax  asset has  been  recognised  in  respect  of  the  tax  losses  due  to  the  unpredictability  of  future  profit  streams.  As at  31  March  2022,  the  unrecognised  tax  losses  of  approximately  HK$88,238,000  can  be  carried  forward indefinitely.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 33. SHARE CAPITAL

Authorised and issued share capital

| Number  of shares  Amount  '000  HK$'000  Authorised:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.24 each at 1 April 2020  416,667  100,000  Sub-division of unissued shares (Note i)  3,750,000  -  Ordinary shares of HK$0.024 each at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  4,166,667  100,000  Issued and fully paid:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.24 each at 1 April 2020  205,434  49,304  Capital reduction (Note i)  -  (44,374)  Shares issued under rights issue (Note ii)  513,585  12,326  Ordinary shares of HK$0.024 each at 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022  719,019  17,256   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) On 31 January 2020, the Company approved the capital reduction of issued shares and sub-division of unissued shares  at  extraordinary  general  meeting.  On  7  May  2020,  the  Court  approved  the  capital  reduction  of  issued shares and sub-division of unissued shares of the Company.

For  the  capital  reduction  of  issued  shares,  the  par  value  of  each  of  the  issued  ordinary  shares  be  reduced from  HK$0.24 to  HK$0.024 per issued ordinary share by cancelling  the  paid  up  share  capital  to  the  extent  of HK$0.216 per issued ordinary share by way of a reduction of capital, so as to form issued new ordinary shares with par value of HK$0.024 each.

For  sub-division  of  unissued  shares,  immediately  following  the  capital  reduction,  each  of  the  authorised  but unissued ordinary shares with par value of HK$0.24 each be subdivided into 10 new ordinary shares with par value of HK$0.024 each.

The capital reduction of issued shares and sub-division of unissued shares became effective on 8 May 2020.

- (ii) On 27 November 2020, the Company issued 513,585,000 ordinary shares, on the basis of five rights shares for every two existing shares held by the shareholders of the Company at a subscription price of HK$0.08 per share through rights issue.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 34. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The  Group  makes  contributions  to  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  Scheme  ('MPF  Scheme')  for  all  qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. Both the Group and the employees contribute a fixed percentage of the relevant payroll  to  the  MPF  Scheme. Effective from 1 June 2014, the cap of contribution amount had been changed from HK$1,250 to HK$1,500 per employee per month.

## 35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

The  Company operates  a  share  option  scheme  (the  'Scheme')  for  the  purpose  of  providing  incentives  and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group's operations. Eligible participants include  the  full-time  and  part-time  employees,  executives,  officers,  directors,  business  consultants,  agents, legal and financial advisers of the Company and the Company's subsidiaries. The Scheme became effective on  26  September  2010  and,  unless  otherwise  cancelled  or  amended,  will  remain  in  force  for  10  years  from that date.

At  31  March  2022,  the  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options  had  been  granted  and  remained outstanding under the Scheme was 99,961,000 (2021: 28,059,000), representing 13.9% (2021: 3.9%) of the shares of the Company in issue at that date.

The maximum number of unexercised share options currently permitted to be granted under the Scheme is an amount equivalent, upon their exercise, to 10% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time. The maximum number of shares issuable  under  share  options  to  each  eligible  participant  in  the  Scheme  within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. In addition, any  share  options  granted  to  a  substantial  shareholder  or  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company's shares at the date of the grant) in excess of  HK$5  million,  within  any  12-month  period,  are  subject  to  shareholders'  approval  in  advance  in  a  general meeting.

The  offer  of  a  grant  of  share  options  may  be  accepted  within  10  days  from  the  date  of  the  offer,  upon payment of a nominal consideration of HK$1 in total by the grantee. The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the directors, and vests immediately and ends on a date which is not later than ten years from the date of the offer of the share options or the expiry date of the Scheme, if earlier.

The exercise price of the share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company's shares on the date of the offer of the share options; (ii)  the  average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company's shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the offer; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's shares on the date of the offer.

Share options do not confer rights on the holder to dividends or to vote at shareholders' meetings.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (CONT'D)

Details of the share options outstanding during the year are as follows:

| Number of options Outstanding  Name  Date of grant  Exercisable  period  Exercise  price per  share  Outstanding  as at  1 April  2021  Grant  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Outstanding  as at  31 March  2022  (HK$)  (Note i &amp; ii)  Directors:  Ms. Lin Su  30 March 2022  30 March 2022 to  29 March 2024  0.211  -  7,190,190  -  7,190,190  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  2,805,928  -  -  2,805,928  Mr. Tse Sing Yu  30 March 2022  30 March 2022 to  29 March 2024  0.211  -  7,190,190  -  7,190,190  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  2,805,928  -  -  2,805,928  Employees  30 March 2022  30 March 2022 to  29 March 2024  0.211  -  57,521,520  -  57,521,520  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  22,447,422  -  -  22,447,422  28,059,278  71,901,900  -  99,961,178  Exercisable at the end of the year  28,059,278  99,961,178  Number of options Outstanding  Name  Date of grant  Exercisable  period  Exercise  price per share  Outstanding  as at  1 April  2020  Grant  during  the year  Lapsed  during  the year  Adjustment  during  the year  Outstanding  as at  31 March  2021  (HK$)  (Note ii)  (Note i &amp; ii)  Directors:  Ms. Lin Su  13 March 2019  13 March 2019 to  12 March 2021  0.26  2,000,000  -  (2,731,707)  731,707  -  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  -  2,054,340  -  751,588  2,805,928  Mr. Tse Sing Yu  13 March 2019  13 March 2019 to  12 March 2021  0.26  2,000,000  -  (2,731,707)  731,707  -  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  -  2,054,340  -  751,588  2,805,928  Employees  13 March 2019  13 March 2019 to  12 March 2021  0.26  7,496,975  -  (10,239,771)  2,742,796  -  22 April 2021  22 April 2020 to  21 April 2022  0.18  -  16,434,720  -  6,012,702  22,447,422  Consultants  13 March 2019  13 March 2019 to  12 March 2021  0.26  5,622,675  -  (7,679,751)  2,057,076  -  17,119,650  20,543,400  (23,382,936)  13,779,164  28,059,278  Exercisable at the end of the year  17,119,650  28,059,278   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (CONT'D)

Notes:

- (i) The  exercise  price  per  share  option  was  adjusted  upon  the  completion  of  share  consolidation  on  9  October 2019.
- (ii) The exercise price per share option was adjusted upon the completion of rights issue on 27 November 2020.

No share option was exercised during the year ended 31 March 2022.

The fair values of options granted on 13 March 2019, 22 April 2020 and 30 March 2022 determined at using the Binomial model approximately were HK$2,967,000, HK$1,849,000 and HK$7,028,000, respectively.

The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair values of share options:

| 30.3.2022  22.4.2020  13.3.2019  Grant date share price  HK$0.209  HK$0.185  HK$0.090  Exercise price  HK$0.211  HK$0.24  HK$0.090  Option life  2 years  2 years  2 years  Expected volatility (Note i)  115.035%  144.864%  92.924%  Dividend yield  -  -  -  Risk-free interest rate (Note ii)  1.766%  0.418%  1.581%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Expected volatility for options was based on historical daily price movements of the Company over a historical period over the previous two years with respect to the option life.
- (ii) The risk-free rate was determined by reference to the yield of Hong Kong Exchange Fund Notes with respect to the option life.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 35. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (CONT'D)

The Binomial model had been used to estimate the fair value of the options. The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors' best estimate. The value of an option varied with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  an  amount  of  share-based  payment  expenses  in  respect  of  the Company's  share  options  of  HK$7,028,000  (2021:  HK$1,849,000)  had  been  recognised  in  the  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the Group's share-based payments reserve.

## 36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

(a) During the year, the Group has entered into followings transactions between related parties:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Amount due to director (Note 1)  3,575  3,552   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1:  As  at  31  March  2022,  amount  due  to  a  director,  Mr.  Tse  Sing  Yu  with  amount  HK$3,575,000  (2021: HK$3,552,000)  was  included  in  other  payables.  The  amount  due  is  interest  free,  unsecured  and repayable on demand.

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel

The  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  are  the  directors  of  the  Company.  Details  of  the remuneration  paid  to  them  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note  11  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 37. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to owners through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued capital and reserves.

The  management  of  the  Group  reviews  the  capital  structure  on  a  continuous  basis  taking  into  account  the cost  of  capital  and  the  risk  associated  with  the  capital.  The  Group  will  balance  its  overall  capital  structure through new share issues, repurchase of shares and the issue of new debt or the redemption of the existing debt.

The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

## 38. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

There is no material subsequent event undertaken by the Company or by the Group after 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 39. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company at 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021.

| Name of subsidiary  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and business  Issued and fully  paid up capital  Proportion of equity  interest attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  Billion Revenue Holdings Limited  British Virgin  Islands ('BVI')  US$1 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding  Bliss Castle Investment Limited  BVI  US$1 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding  Eminent Along Limited  BVI  US$100 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding  Silver Summit Investments Limited  BVI  US$100 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding  Speedy Track Inc.  BVI  US$1 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding  Euto Consulting Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000 Ordinary  100%  100%  Money lending  Bright Billion Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1 Ordinary  100%  100%  Vehicle distribution  Grand Charm Commodities  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1,000 Ordinary  100%  100%  Palm oil trading  MD Inc. Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2 Ordinary  100%  100%  Trading of consumer  products  Gold Sun Trading &amp; Development  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100 Ordinary  51%  51%  Trading of consumer  products  Unpix Corporation Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000 Ordinary  100%  100%  Trading of consumer  products  Allied Gear Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000 Ordinary  100%  100%  Investment holding   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Company  has  non-controlling  interests  that  are  not  material  to  the Group that no further disclosures on the financial information of these individually immaterial subsidiaries with non-controlling interests are presented.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 40. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF COMPANY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  -  1,465  Right-of-use assets  -  573  Investments in subsidiaries  -  -  -  2,038  Current assets  Financial assets at FVTPL  721  2,669  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  3,956  617  Amounts due from subsidiaries  19,289  22,532  Loans to investee  -  4,099  Cash and cash equivalents  8,680  28,412  32,646  58,329  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  7,210  6,243  Amount due to director  5,677  6,304  Lease liabilities  -  694  Bonds  -  9,700  12,887  22,941  Net current assets  19,759  35,388  Total assets less current liabilities  19,759  37,426  Net assets  19,759  37,426  Capital and reserves  Share capital  17,256  17,256  Reserves  2,503  20,170  Total equity  19,759  37,426   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 June 2022.

| Tse Sing Yu  Lin Su  Executive Director  Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 40. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF COMPANY (CONT'D)

| Share  premium  Share-based  payments  Contribution  surplus  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  566,572  2,967  17,065  (611,750)  (25,146)  Changes in equity for 2021:  Loss and total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  -  (29,668)  (29,668)  Shares issued under right issues  28,761  -  -  -  28,761  Capital reduction  44,374  -  -  -  44,374  Transfer upon lapse of share options  -  (2,967)  -  2,967  -  Recognition of equity-settled share based  payments  -  1,849  -  -  1,849  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  639,707  1,849  17,065  (638,451)  20,170  Changes in equity for 2021:  Loss and total comprehensive expense  for the year  -  -  -  (24,695)  (24,695)  Recognition of equity-settled share based  payments  -  7,028  -  -  7,028  At 31 March 2022  639,707  8,877  17,065  (663,146)  2,503   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Summary

## RESULT

| For the year ended 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  51,551  50,506  66,198  96,721  86,544  Loss attributable to owners of the Company  (28,091)  (66,695)  (19,855)  (16,745)  (57,105)  ## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  As at 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total assets  76,512  99,898  129,845  141,361  171,314  Total liabilities  (28,506)  (30,821)  (36,018)  (26,555)  (43,701)  Total equity  48,006  69,077  93,827  114,806  127,613   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|