<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ABOUT FULUM GROUP

Established in 1992, the Fulum Group has been adhering to the spirit of 'The Rationale of Three Excellents - Excellent Environment, Excellent Supply, Excellent Service' with its dedication to innovation and ongoing commitment to excellence. Today, the Fulum Group has been developed into a highly renowned restaurant group in Hong Kong. Apart from providing mass and high-end Cantonese catering services, the Group is recently committed to developing the brand diversification strategies by opening restaurants which offer different cuisines and are differently positioned so as to keep pace with the local dining trends.

## CONTENTS

| - 2 Corporate Information  - 3 Highlights  - 4 Message from the Chairman  - 8 Calendar  - 9 Management Discussion and Analysis  - 15 Biographies of Directors and Senior Management  - 22 Corporate Governance Report  - 35 Report of the Directors  - 54 Independent Auditor's Report  - 57 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - 58 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  - 60 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  - 61 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  - 63 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  - 120 Five-Year Financial Summary   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. YEUNG Wai (Chairman) Mr. WU Kam On Keith (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. YEUNG Yun Chuen (resigned with effect from

30 June 2022)

Mr. YEUNG Yun Kei

Mr. LEUNG Siu Sun

Mr. YEUNG Ho Wang

Mr. YEUNG Chun Nin (appointed with effect from 30 June 2022)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. FAN Chun Wah Andrew (resigned on 7 May 2021)

Mr. NG Ngai Man Raymond

Mr. WONG Wai Leung Joseph (appointed on 7 May 2021)

Mr. CHAN Chun Bong Junbon (appointed on 13 May 2021)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. NG Kam Tsun Jeffrey (resigned on 31 December 2021)

Mr. Chan Yiu Kwong (appointed on 31 December 2021)

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. YEUNG Wai

Mr. NG Kam Tsun Jeffrey (resigned on 31 December 2021)

Mr. Wu Kam On Keith (appointed on 31 December 2021)

## MEMBERS OF AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. WONG Wai Leung Joseph (Chairman) Mr. NG Ngai Man Raymond Mr. CHAN Chun Bong Junbon

## MEMBERS OF NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. CHAN Chun Bong Junbon (Chairman) Mr. NG Ngai Man Raymond

Mr. YEUNG Wai

## MEMBERS OF REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. NG Ngai Man Raymond (Chairman) Mr. WONG Wai Leung Joseph

Mr. YEUNG Wai

## MEMBERS OF EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Mr. YEUNG Wai (Chairman) Mr. YEUNG Yun Kei Mr. LEUNG Siu Sun Mr. WU Kam On Keith Mr. YEUNG Ho Wang Mr. YEUNG Chun Nin

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

26/F, Capital Tower, 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong (to be changed to 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with effect from 15 August 2022)

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Hang Seng Bank Limited Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited The Bank of East Asia, Limited Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

## AUDITOR

ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited

## STOCK CODE

01443

## WEBSITE

www.fulumgroup.com

## Highlights

- Revenue  was  approximately  HK$1,450.1  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$1,172.7  million), representing an increase of approximately 23.7%
- Gross  profit  margin 1 was  at  approximately  64.5%  (2021:  approximately  67.1%),  representing  a decrease of approximately 2.6 percentage point
- Earnings  before  interest  expense,  tax,  depreciation  and  amortisation  were  approximately  HK$263.5 million (2021: approximately HK$231.1 million (restated))
- Loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$49.2 million (2021: approximately HK$122.2 million (restated))
- Basic  loss  per  share 2 was  approximately  HK3.78  cents  (2021:  basic  loss  per  share  of  approximately HK9.40 cents (restated))
- The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil)
- 1 Gross profit equals revenue minus cost of inventories sold. Gross profit margin is calculated by dividing gross profit by revenue and multiplying the resulting value by 100%.
- 2 The  calculation  of  the  basic  loss  per  share  amounts  is  based  on  loss  for  the  year  attributable  to  owners  of  the Company  of  approximately  HK$49,169,000  (2021:  HK$122,192,000  (restated))  and  1,300,000,000  (2021: 1,300,000,000) ordinary shares in issue during the year.

## MESSAGE from the CHAIRMAN

During the year, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic continued to fluctuate and the Group swiftly adjusted its business strategy, including launching promotion bundles, expanding online shopping platforms, establishing presence in residential areas, etc., to respond to the severe and volatile operating environment and reduce the negative impact of the pandemic on the Group. At the same time, we developed new diversified brands with a prudent and optimistic approach to meet the catering demand of customers and expand the Group's catering presence progressively.

Despite that the catering market in Hong Kong and the PRC will remain uncertain in the near future, the Group is fully confident in the longterm prospects of the catering market, and will continue to fine-tune its menu and realign the brand portfolio, pursue diversified brands and seek new cooperation models so as to enhance the market share of the Fulum Group.

<!-- image -->

## Message from the Chairman

<!-- image -->

## Message from the Chairman

<!-- image -->

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

<!-- image -->

On behalf of the board (the ' Board ') of directors (the ' Directors ') of Fulum Group Holdings Limited (the ' Company ', together with its subsidiaries, the ' Fulum Group ' or the ' Group '), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022.

Looking  back  to  this  financial  year,  the  novel  coronavirus  (COVID-19)  pandemic  continued  to  fluctuate with  the  retail,  catering  and  tourism  industries  taking  the  brunt  of  impact.  In  early  2022,  an  outbreak  of Omicron,  a  variant  of  the  novel  coronavirus,  occurred  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  government  reintroduced stringent  measures  to  contain  the  pandemic,  including  the  Vaccine  Pass,  restriction-testing  declaration operations  and  compulsory  testing,  shortening  of  business  hour  for  catering  businesses,  etc.,  resulting  in immense pressure on consumer sentiment and customer traffic. At the same time, other elements, such as the lingering pandemic, geopolitical tensions, lock-down of certain regions and cities, etc., also contributed to  the  interruption  of  supply  chain,  leading  to  increasing  raw  ingredient  prices,  which  had  posed  a severe  challenge  to  the  catering  market  of  Hong  Kong  as  the  catering  industry  was  faced  with  expensive ingredient  prices.  In  such  difficult  times,  the  Group  timely  adjusted  its  business  measures  in  accordance with market changes to minimise the adverse impact on the Group's business operation.

As  the  food  preference  of  local  consumers  diversifies,  consumers'  requirement  in  respect  of  the environment,  atmosphere  and  cuisine  type  of  a  restaurant  has  been  gradually  increasing.  In  the  financial year under review, the Group continued to develop the 'Fulum ( 富臨 )' main brand, the 'Sportful Garden ( 陶源 )' main brand and the 'Asian Catering Line ( 亞洲餐飲線 )' brand in a prudent and optimistic manner to offer a myriad of cuisines to customers, including Cantonese cuisine, Southeast Asian cuisine, Japanese and  Korean  cuisines,  European  food,  etc.  We  endeavoured  to  establish  a  full-time  catering  ecosphere  so that customers may enjoy the Group's catering services anytime and anywhere and to meet the customer demand of various age groups. Meanwhile, the Group continued to set up new food courts in residential areas  to  increase  the  Group's  market  share  in  the  local  catering  industry  and  offer  cuisines  of  different countries  to  expand  its  customer  base.  Furthermore,  during  the  financial  year  under  review,  the  Group

## Message from the Chairman

operated  four  restaurants  under  the  'Fulum  ( 富臨 )'  main  brand  in  Mainland  China.  It  is  expected  that the  demand  will  slowly  recover  as  the  pandemic  stabilises  and  enable  us  to  capture  the  opportunity  of consumption upgrade in Mainland China (the ' PRC ') in the long run.

The emergence of Omicron, a variant of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), caused a rebound of the oncestable  pandemic in Hong Kong. Restricted by pandemic prevention measures, the public was less inclined to go outside and dine, leading to a surge of demand for food delivery and quality ingredients. The Group had  launched  several  promotions  of  takeaway  and  pandemic  prevention  bundle  and  expanded  its  online ordering  platform,  while  increasing  sales  channels  to  cooperate  with  third-party  delivery  platform  so  that the public may enjoy delicious food at home during the pandemic.

With  the  slowdown  of  the  fifth  wave  of  the  pandemic,  social  distancing  measures  are  likely  to  further relax.  The  Group  will  capture  the  opportunities  arising  from  the  recovery  of  the  retail  catering  industry and the new instalment of Consumption Voucher provided by the government to proactively deliberate its presence in the catering industry and increase market share. The Group has full confidence in the prospect of  the  catering  industry  and  will  tap  into  diversified  fields  with  a  prudent  and  optimistic  approach,  while paying  close  attention  to  various  negative  factors  that  may  affect  the  operation  of  the  Group.  We  will seize  the  opportunity  to  join  hands  with  our  staff  to  develop  the  Group  into  a  highly  regarded  catering group with a diverse brand portfolio and comprehensive customer base to introduce more delicious dishes to customers.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I wish to extend my appreciation to our staff for their dedication and efforts during the pandemic, who tided over the difficult times with the Group by making appropriate responses to the rapidly evolving market environment and continuing to provide customers with outstanding catering services. I also wish to express my gratitude to all shareholders, investors, customers and business partners for their steadfast support and trust. We will continue to grasp every opportunity and endeavour to strive for the greatest interests for the shareholders and the Company.

## Yeung Wai

Chairman

29 June 2022

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Calendar

| Announcement of interim results  26 November 2021  Announcement of annual results  29 June 2022  Despatch of annual report to shareholders  29 July 2022  ## Closure of register of members  for attending the annual general meeting  - 23 September 2022 - 28 September 2022  Annual general meeting  28 September 2022   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Management Discussion and Analysis

<!-- image -->

## INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

The  outbreak  of  the  novel  coronavirus  (' COVID-19 ')  pandemic  in  late  2019  continued  to  ravage  the world. Although the local pandemic situation had been stabilized for a while, the outbreak of the Omicron variant  in  Hong  Kong  at  the  beginning  of  2022,  coupled  with  drastic  changes  in  the  global  political and  economic  situation,  and  geopolitical  tensions,  have  had  an  impact  on  the  deployment  of  the  global economy, trade and industrial chain. In particular, tense supply chains in the global industry, city lockdown and  shutdown  in  some  regions  and  other  factors  have  led  to  shortages  of  raw  materials,  increasing  the cost  of  ingredients  and  putting  pressure  on  the  operation  of  the  catering  industry.  In  the  face  of  the severe  pandemic,  the  Hong  Kong  Government  renewed  a  series  of  stringent  measures  to  prevent  and combat  the  pandemic,  including  Vaccine  Pass,  restriction-testing  declaration  operation  and  compulsory testing operation, shortening business hours of restaurants, limiting the number of customers at the same table  and  the  ratio  of  the  number  of  customers  to  the  seating  capacity,  etc..  These  measures  caused  a detrimental effect on consumer sentiment, which posed a huge challenge to the catering market.

According  to  the  statistic  from  the  Census  and  Statistics  Department  of  Hong  Kong,  the  gross  domestic product (GDP) of Hong Kong throughout 2021 increased by approximately 6.4% year-on-year in real terms as compared with 2020. In terms of quarterly growth trend, the year-on-year growth rate for each quarter of 2021 narrowed from approximately 8% in the first quarter to approximately 4.8% in the fourth quarter. According to the forecast, GDP declined by approximately 4% in real terms in the first quarter of 2022 as compared with the corresponding period of last year, ending a four-quarter trend of year-on-year growth, and  there  was  a  quarter-on-quarter  decrease  of  approximately  2.9%  after  seasonal  adjustment.  This revealed  that  the  anti-pandemic  measures  in  response  to  the  fifth  wave  of  the  pandemic  in  Hong  Kong dampened  economic  activities  and  economic  sentiment,  causing  signs  of  economic  depression  in  Hong Kong  again.  Over  the  same  period,  the  value  of  total  receipts  in  the  restaurant  sector  was  provisionally estimated at HK$15.2 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 23.1% and a quarter-

## Management Discussion and Analysis

on-quarter  decrease  of  approximately  40.2%  after  seasonal  adjustments;  among  which  the  value  of total  receipts  of  Chinese  restaurants  had  decreased  by  approximately  33.5%.  The  figures  released  by  the government  indicated  that  the  Hong  Kong  economy  and  the  catering  sector  deteriorated  sharply  in  the first  quarter  of  2022.  However,  the  Group  believes  that  the  easing  of  the  local  pandemic,  the  gradual relaxation of social distancing measures and the Government's Consumption Voucher Scheme will help the catering industry get back on track.

The  stringent  anti-pandemic  measures  have  significantly  reduced  the  number  of  people  across  the  city, especially the number of customers in the catering industry has been forced down due to the slump in the number of inbound tourists. According to the monthly visitor statistics released by the Hong Kong Tourism Board, the number of visitors to Hong Kong throughout 2021 dropped by 97.4% as compared with 2020, and the first quarter of 2022 recorded a decrease of 30.5% as compared with the corresponding period in 2021.

For the PRC market, according to the '2021 China Chain Catering Industry Report' released by the China Chain  Store  &amp;  Franchise  Association,  the  PRC  catering  market  continued  to  grow  and  the  market  size increased  from  RMB2.9 trillion  in  2014  to  RMB4.7  trillion  in  2019,  with  a  compound  annual  growth  rate of  10.1%.  In  light  of  the  pandemic,  the  market  size  of  the  catering  sector  decreased  to  RMB4.0  trillion in  2020 and is expected to recover to RMB4.7 trillion with the healthy growth of China's catering market and  the  expected  pandemic  easing,  and  the  market  size  is  expected  to  reach  RMB6.6  trillion  by  2024. In  particular,  Chinese  food  accounted  for  79.4%  of  China's  catering  market,  more  than  the  market  for Western food and other cuisines. The Group believes that consumption is an important engine of economic growth in Mainland China, and catering will be the fastest industry to reflect consumer demand, and will be an integral part of promoting the internal circulation of the economy.

<!-- image -->

## BUSINESS REVIEW

During  the  financial  year  under  review,  despite  the  unstable  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  local  pandemic situation had stabilised, and market sentiment began to recover due to the Consumption Voucher Scheme and the festive mood in the second half of 2021. At the beginning of 2022, the outbreak of the Omicron variant  posed  a  huge  challenge  to  the  catering  industry  with  the  government's  anti-pandemic  measures. Given  the  challenging  business  environment,  the  Group  continued  to  adopt  a  brand  strategy  of  full-time catering  to  cope  with  the  challenges  and  extend  its  business  coverage  to  different  time  slots  throughout the  day,  allowing  customers  to  enjoy  meals  in  a  wide  range  of  restaurants  under  the  Group  at  any  time. In  terms  of  pandemic  prevention  and  control  measures,  the  Group  actively  follows  the  government's containment  measures,  strengthens  the  disinfection  and  cleaning  of  the  restaurant  environment  and utensils,  arranges  regular  testing  for  employees,  and  strives  to  protect  the  health  of  all  employees  and diners.

During the pandemic, the Group has expanded its catering brands in residential areas in a moderate and prudent manner to cater to the diversified local catering needs and enhance customers' dining experience in different time slots. As of 31 March 2022, the Group operated a total of 91 restaurants in Hong Kong, including 16 restaurants under the 'Fulum ( 富臨 )'  main brand, 8 restaurants under the 'Sportful Garden ( 陶源 )'  main  brand,  67  restaurants  under  the  'Asian  Catering  Line  ( 亞洲餐飲線 )'  main  line  as  well  as  9 supermarkets, and 4 restaurants in Mainland China.

During the financial year under review, the Group offered customers a traditional Chinese dining experience under the 'Fulum ( 富臨 )' main brand and 'Sportful Garden ( 陶源 )' main brand. The 'Fulum ( 富臨 )' main brand offers a wide variety of Cantonese delicacies to mass-market customers, including seafood, dim sum and  hotpot,  as  well  as  luxurious  venues  with  unique  decorations  and  sophisticated  catering  experience for  wedding  banquets  and  events.  Restaurants  under  the  'Sportful  Garden  ( 陶源 )'  main  brand  focus  on mid-to-high-end Cantonese cuisine and attract customers who put a high value on quality with luxurious decorations. During the pandemic, people tend to cook at home or purchase takeaway more often instead of  dining  out.  The  Group  has  adjusted  its  business  strategy  in  a  timely  manner  and  actively  launched a  variety  of  takeaway  and  anti-epidemic  set  meal  offers,  and  continued  to  develop  an  online  shopping platform under Fulum ( 富臨 ) to cater to the tastes and needs of the market by regularly launching selected set  meals  for  self-pickup  delivery,  BBQ  assortment  and  dishes  for  self-pickup  delivery  to  attract  customers both online and offline so that people can still enjoy quality dishes during the outbreak.

On the other hand, the Group continued to expand the restaurants under the 'Asian Catering Line ( 亞洲餐 飲線 )' main line with its commitment to establishing a full-time catering ecosphere to cater to the diverse local dining needs and enhance the dining experience of customers at different time slots. In recent years, local  consumers'  demand for catering  is  no  longer  limited  to  traditional  Cantonese  cuisine,  and  the  need for new cuisine has increased significantly. Restaurants under the 'Asian Catering Line ( 亞洲餐飲線 )' main line  provide  consumers  with  Korean  barbecue  restaurants  embedding  authentic  and  traditional  culture  of local  Korean  cuisines,  classy  and  casual  cafes  and  food  courts.  The  Group  will  continue  to  explore  highquality cuisines worldwide to satisfy customers' needs and broaden its customer base.

As  the  COVID-19  outbreak  continues  to  recur  and  people  stay  home  to  fight  against  the  pandemic,  the demand for takeaway has increased sharply. During the period under review, the Group has added several sales  channels,  including  its  own  online  shopping  platform  and  cooperation  with  third-party  takeaway platforms,  to  enhance  the  takeaway  services  of  its  various  brands  of  restaurants  so  that  customers  can enjoy  different  cuisines  anytime  and  anywhere.  The  Group  will  actively  improve  and  develop  new  sales channels to meet customers' needs.

For  the  PRC  market,  the  Group  operated  a  total  of  4  'Fulum  Palace  ( 富臨皇宮 )'  restaurants  located  in the  densely-populated  residential  areas  in  Yuexiu  District  of  Guangzhou,  Baiyun  District  of  Guangzhou, Zhuhai  and  Shenzhen,  respectively.  With  the  European  palace-style  interior  design,  these  restaurants  can meet the residents' demand for Chinese cuisine and wedding venues in the region. The Group maintains a prudent and optimistic attitude towards the post-epidemic catering retail market in Mainland China and will develop new businesses in various areas in Mainland China as and when appropriate in the future.

During the financial year under review, the catering market in Hong Kong was weak, and restaurant rentals put  pressure  on  the  catering  industry.  The  Group  continued  to  negotiate  with  landlords  and  successfully secured different levels of rent concessions to reduce expenses in the weak market. The Group would like to express its sincere gratitude to these landlords for their support and understanding.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Group's  revenue  increased  by  approximately  23.7%  to  approximately HK$1,450.1 million (2021: approximately HK$1,172.7 million) from last year.

The  following  table  sets  forth  the  breakdown  of  the  Group's  revenue  and  percentage  change  by  line  of business for the financial years indicated:

| 2022  2021  % Change  HK$'000  HK$'000  Restaurant operations  'Fulum (  富臨  )' main brand  625,750  564,467  10.9  'Sportful Garden (  陶源  )' main brand  179,914  112,723  59.6  'Asia Catering Line (  亞洲餐飲線  )' main line  556,071  422,784  31.5  Sale of food and other operating items  88,339  72,708  21.5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year under review, the Group's gross profit margin decreased to 64.5% (2021: approximately 67.1%).  The  loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  decreased  by  approximately  HK$73.0  million, from a loss of approximately HK$122.2 million (restated) for the year ended 31 March 2021 to a loss of approximately HK$49.2 million for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PROSPECTS AND OUTLOOK

Looking forward, the Group is full of confidence in the long-term prospects of the catering market in both Hong Kong and the PRC. With the gradual easing of the local outbreak, the relaxation of social distance measures  by  the  government,  and  the  introduction  of  a  new  round  of  Consumption  Voucher  Scheme, consumer sentiment will be boosted, and we expect Hong Kong's economy and the catering market will gradually  recover.  The  Group  will  adopt  a  prudent  and  optimistic  attitude  to  adjust  the  menu  mix  and brand structure in a timely manner and expand the 'Asian Catering Line ( 亞洲餐飲線 )' main line to bring diversified  cuisines  and  new  dining  experiences  to  the  local  catering  market,  with  a  view  to  meeting  the various catering needs of the market and building the Group into a diversified catering kingdom. In terms of  the  PRC  market,  the  Group  is  convinced  that  the  PRC  catering  market  is  enormous  and  will  grow significantly in the long run. The Group will continue to monitor the changes in the PRC market and seek to increase the number of outlets in the PRC as and when appropriate.

## FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND GEARING RATIO

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group 's  total  assets  decreased  to  approximately  HK$995.9  million  (2021: approximately HK$1,206.1 million). As at 31 March 2022, the Group recorded total equity of approximately HK$121.7  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$168.1  million  (restated)).  The  decrease  in  the  total  equity  of the Group as at 31 March 2022 mainly resulted from (i) lease payments resulting in a decrease of the lease liabilities  of  the  Group  as  at  31  March  2022;  (ii)  the  depreciation  and  impairment  of  certain  leased  rightof-use assets; and (iii) the increase in bank borrowings of the Group.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had approximately HK$128.6 million in cash and bank balances available (2021:  approximately  HK$145.1  million).  The  current  ratio  of  the  Group  was  approximately  0.4  (2021: approximately 0.5).

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's total borrowings amounted to approximately HK$240.0 million (2021: approximately  HK$177.8  million),  which  mainly  consisted  of  bank  overdraft  of  approximately  HK$55.1 million,  term  loans  in  the  amount  of  approximately  HK$169.2  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$162.1 million)  and  a  revolving  loan  of  approximately  HK$15.7  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$15.7  million). These  borrowings  were  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollars,  and  the  effective  interest  rates  ranged  from approximately 1.57% to 2.75% per annum.

The gearing ratio, calculated as total interest-bearing borrowings divided by total assets, was approximately 24.1% as at 31 March 2022 (2021: approximately 14.7%).

## CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The  capital  expenditure  during  the  year  under  review  was  primarily  related  to  expenditures  on  additions and renovation of property, plant and equipment and investment property for the Group's central kitchen and  logistics  center,  new  restaurants  and  maintenance  of  existing  restaurants.  The  capital  commitments were related to leasehold improvements and equipment for our restaurants.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  contingent  liabilities  not  provided  for  in  the  consolidated  financial statements in the amount of approximately HK$17.8 million in relation to bank guarantees given in lieu of rental and utility deposits (2021: approximately HK$29.1 million).

## FOREIGN CURRENCY EXPOSURE

The  Group's  exposure  to  the  risk  of  changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates  relates  primarily  to  the  Group's operating activities (to the extent that revenue or expenses are denominated in a currency that is different from the functional currency of the relevant  subsidiaries  of  the  Group).  Majority  of  the  Group's  purchase during the year under review was denominated in the functional currency of the relevant subsidiaries.

The  Group's  assets,  liabilities  and  transactions  are  mainly  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollars.  Certain  of the Group's bank balances are denominated in Renminbi (' RMB ') which is not freely convertible into other currencies.  However,  under  the  Foreign  Exchange  Control  Regulations  and  Administration  of  Settlement, Sale  and  Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations of the PRC, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for  other  currencies  through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business. The Directors are of the view that the Group's operating cash flow and liquidity are not subject to significant foreign exchange rate risks and therefore no hedging arrangements were made. However, the Group will review and monitor the relevant foreign exchange exposure from time to time based on its business development requirements and may enter into foreign exchange hedging arrangements when appropriate.

## HUMAN RESOURCES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  approximately  1,868  employees.  The  Group  believes  that  hiring, motivating  and  retaining  qualified  employees  are  crucial  to  the  Group's  success  as  a  restaurant  operator. During  the  year  under  review,  the  Group  conducted  a  series  of  standardised  training  and  advancement programs for all the Group's staff, from serving staff, cashiers, floor managers, chefs, restaurant managers to  district  managers.  These  training  programs  intend  to  ensure  that  all  new  staff  are  equipped  with the  skills  required  for  their  positions.  The  Group's  internal  advancement  programs  can  provide  its  staff with  clear  advancement  guidelines  and  promote  employee  satisfaction.  The  Group  offers  competitive remuneration  packages  to  its  employees,  including  basic  salary,  allowances,  insurance  and  commission/ bonuses.

## INDEBTEDNESS AND CHARGES ON GROUP'S ASSETS

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Company  had  outstanding  bank  loans  of  approximately  HK$240.0  million,  of which approximately HK$113.1 million were secured, and approximately HK$126.9 million were unsecured. As at 31 March 2022, the Company had lease liabilities recognised on the application of HKFRS 16 'Leases' of  approximately  HK$451.5  million,  of  which  approximately  HK$270.8  million  were  due  within  one  year and approximately HK$180.7 million were due after one year.

As  at  31  March  2022,  certain  assets  of  the  Group  with  a  carrying  amount  in  aggregate  of  HK$172.1 million (2021: HK$176.1 million) were pledged to secure its bank borrowings.

## MATERIAL  ACQUISITION  OR  DISPOSAL  OF  SUBSIDIARIES  OR ASSOCIATED COMPANIES

During  the  year  under  review,  there  was  no  material  acquisition  or  disposal  of  subsidiaries  or  associated companies of the Company.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## MR. YEUNG WAI 楊維

Mr.  Yeung  Wai  (' Mr.  Yeung '),  aged  58,  has  been  an  executive  Director,  the  chairman  of  the  Board  and our  chief  executive  officer  since  24  February  2014.  Co-founding  the  Group  with  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Chuen (' Mr. YC Yeung ') and Mr. Yeung Yun Kei (' Mr. YK Yeung ') in 1992, he is primarily responsible for the Group's overall operation management and the governance and implementation of corporate strategies as well as overseeing the strategic planning of business and marketing.

Mr.  Yeung  began  his  career  in  the  food  and  beverage  industry  (' F&amp;B industry ')  in  the  1980s  with  over 30 years of relevant experience. Prior to founding of the Group, he had served various important positions in  a  number  of  well-known  restaurants  in  Hong  Kong  and  accumulated  extensive  experience  in  the management and day-to-day operations of restaurants.

As a restaurant entrepreneur, Mr. Yeung has been recognised in the F&amp;B industry in Hong Kong and served several positions in the industry. He was appointed to the Quality Tourism Services Association ( 優質旅遊服 務協會 ) as a governing council member from year 2013 to year 2015; currently, he is the vice president of the Association of Restaurant Managers ( 現代管理（飲食） 專業協會 )  and also a permanent member of The Chinese General Chamber of Commerce ( 香港中華總商會 ).

Mr. Yeung is the brother of Mr. YC Yeung and Mr. YK Yeung, the father of Mr. Yeung Ho Wang, and the uncle of Mr. Yeung Chun Nin. He is also a director of all members of the Group.

## MR. Wu Kam On Keith 鄔錦安

Mr. Wu Kam On Keith (' Mr. Wu '), aged 47, has been an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Group since 13 May 2021 and is responsible for overseeing the management and operations of the Group.

Mr.  Wu  has  extensive  experience  in  the  F&amp;B  industry  in  Hong  Kong  as  well  as  over  25  years  of  financial and  accounting  experience.  Mr.  Wu  joined  the  Group  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  since October  2014.  He  had  been  an  executive  director  and  the  group  chief  operation  officer  of  Tsit  Wing International Holdings Limited (' Tsit Wing ') (stock code: 2119), which is a leading integrated B2B coffee and  black  tea  solutions  provider  in  Hong  Kong,  Macau  and  the  PRC  with  an  established  food  products business from January 2010 to May 2021, respectively. Prior to joining Tsit Wing, he was an accountant of Hongkong International Terminals Limited which operates a number of ports at the Kwai Chung Container Terminals,  Hong  Kong,  from  April  2001  to  June  2004  and  practiced  as  a  certified  public  accountant  at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from June 1997 to July 2000.

Mr.  Wu  received  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  (Honours)  in  Accountancy  from  the  City  University  of  Hong  Kong  in November 1997, a degree of Master of Corporate Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in  October  2009  and  a  Postgraduate  Certificate  in  Sustainable  Value  Chains  from  the  University  of Cambridge in May 2019. Mr. Wu was admitted as a fellow and accredited as an authorized supervisor of Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  in  September  2008  and  July  2012,  respectively.  He was admitted as a fellow and registered as a certified tax advisor of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong in July 2010 and August 2010, respectively. He was also admitted as a fellow associate, chartered secretary and  chartered  governance  professional  of  The  Hong  Kong  Chartered  Governance  Institute  in  September

2018 and elected as a fellow associate, chartered secretary and chartered governance professional of The Chartered  Governance  Institute  in  the  United  Kingdom  in  September  2018.  Mr.  Wu  is  also  a  member  of the  executive  committee  member  of  Group  8  (food,  beverages  and  tobacco)  of  the  Federation  of  Hong Kong Industries for a term from July 2015 to July 2022.

Mr. Wu has been an executive director of Tsit Wing from January 2010 to May 2021 and an independent non-executive director of Hao Bai International (Cayman) Limited (stock code: 8431) from January 2017 to April  2020  and  Sanbase  Corporation  Limited  (stock  code:  8501)  from  December  2017  to  February  2020, the shares of both companies are listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ').

## MR. YEUNG YUN CHUEN 楊潤全

Mr.  YC  Yeung,  aged  65,  is  one  of  the  founders  of  the  Group.  He  has  been  an  executive  Director  since 10 June 2014. He concurrently serves as the co-chief operating officer of the Company. Mr. YC Yeung is primarily responsible for the strategic development and management of the restaurants under the 'Sportful Garden ( 陶源 )' main brand.

Mr.  YC  Yeung  has  over  40  years  of  experience  in  the  F&amp;B  industry.  Mr.  YC  Yeung's  specialties  are restaurant  operations  and  quality  assurance,  based  on  his  extensive  experience  in  the  production department of a number of restaurants in Hong Kong and the PRC, including Shangri-La Hotel Beijing, The Garden Hotel Guangzhou, and the group of restaurants owned by Maxim's Caterers Limited in the 1980s. He has gained substantial experiences in running and managing restaurants with his present and previous positions in the F&amp;B industry.

Mr. YC Yeung has earned a number of accolades for works in the F&amp;B industry, including 'Elite of China's Hotel Industry' ( 中國飯店英才 )  in  2008 by the Editorial Committee of China Restaurants and Food Service Industry  Series  ( 中國飯店與餐飲系列叢書編輯委員會 )  and  'Top  Ten  Chinese  Restaurant  Master'  of  the year 2007-2008 ( 十佳中國飯店策劃大師 )  by China Hotel Annual Awards ( 中國飯店年會 ).  In  June 2008, he was  helmed  as  a  member  of  Les  Amis  d'Escofficer  Society,  Inc.  ( 廚皇會大使 ),  an  international  non-profit organisation  promoting  fine  dining.  He  has  been  honored  as  the  Honorary  President  of  the  third  council of Zhuhai Food &amp; Beverage Association ( 珠海市餐飲協會第三屆理事會 )  in  June 2010. He was awarded the Chinese Cuisine Chef Achievements Award by Unilever Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合利華有限公司 ) in year 2017.

Mr. YC Yeung is the brother of Mr. Yeung and Mr. YK Yeung, the father of Mr. Yeung Chun Nin and the uncle of Mr. Yeung Ho Wang. Mr. YC Yeung is also a director of the following members of the Group:

- Fulum Management Limited
- China Easy Investment Limited
- Sino Scene Development Limited
- Sino Emotion Limited
- Sino Favour (Hong Kong) Limited
- Fulum Shopping Network Company Limited
- Food International Limited
- Sino Rainbow Development Limited
- Sino Target Investments Limited
- Sinotec H.K. Investments Limited

Mr. YC Yeung has resigned as an executive Director with effect from 30 June 2022.

## MR. YEUNG YUN KEI 楊潤基

Mr. YK Yeung, aged 60, has been an executive Director since 10 June 2014. He is the co-chief operating officer of the Group and one of the founders of the Group. His chief responsibilities are the management and strategic development of the restaurants under our 'Fulum ( 富臨 )' main brand.

Prior to founding the Group in 1992, Mr. YK Yeung was an experienced practitioner in the F&amp;B industry in Hong Kong with over 30 years of extensive experience, serving various positions in a number of restaurants in Hong Kong.

Mr. YK Yeung has been well recognised in the F&amp;B industry. In the year of 2009 to 2010, he was awarded a 'platinum five-star medal' ( 白金五星勛章 ) in the 'China Hotel Industry 100 Elites' ( 飯店業中華英才百福 榜 ). His industry recognition also includes his position as a current director of the Hong Kong Federation of Restaurants and Related Trades ( 香港餐飲聯業協會 ).  He also received the 'gold belt certificate' from, and was elected as a director of, The HK 5-S Association ( 香港五常法協會 ) in July 2013.

Mr.  YK  Yeung  is  the  brother  of  Mr.  Yeung  and  Mr.  YC  Yeung  and  the  uncle  of  Mr.  Yeung  Ho  Wang  and Mr. Yeung Chun Nin. Mr. YK Yeung is also a director of the following members of the Group:

- Fulum Management Limited
- China Easy Investment Limited

## MR. LEUNG SIU SUN 梁兆新

Mr. Leung Siu Sun (' Mr. Leung '), aged 60, has been an executive Director since 10 June 2014. He is the executive chef of the Group and heads the production and procurement departments, central kitchen and logistics  centre.  His  responsibilities  include  managing  productions,  developing  new  products  and  quality control.

With  over  30  years  of  experience,  Mr.  Leung  is  a  seasoned  chef  with  working  experience  in  the  F&amp;B industry in Hong Kong, the PRC and Japan. His career highlights include his positions at Maxim's Caterers Limited  in  Hong  Kong  in  the  1980s,  The  Garden  Hotel  Guangzhou  in  the  PRC,  and  The  Royal  Hotel  in Aomori,  Japan,  all  held  in  the  1980s.  Mr.  Leung  was  appointed  as  a  committee  member  of  the  Famous Chefs  Committee  of  the  World  Master  Chefs  Association  for  Chinese  Cuisine  ( 世界粵菜廚皇協會 )  in  year 2016. He was awarded the Chinese Cuisine Chef Achievements Award by Unilever Hong Kong Limited ( 香 港聯合利華有限公司 )  in  year  2017.  Mr.  Leung  joined  the  production  department  in  July  1995  as  a  chef and has since been involved in the quality assurance functions. He was promoted to his current position of executive chef in June 2004.

Mr.  Leung  sought  to  improve  his  industry  knowledge  by  completing  the  'green  belt'  certificate  course organised  by  The  HK  5-S  Association  ( 香港五常法協會 )  in  April  2007,  and  was  subsequently  advanced to  the  'black  belt'  certificate  in  July  2013.  Mr.  Leung  has  also  attended  an  overseas  training  course on  advanced  food  production  and  management  organised  by  the  Hong  Kong  Productivity  Council  and was  helmed  as  a  member  of  Les  Amis  d'Escofficer  Society,  Inc.  ( 廚皇會大使 ),  an  international  non-profit organisation  promoting  fine  dining,  in  February  2005.  Mr.  Leung  received  a  certificate  for  food  hygiene managers from the Hong Kong Christian Service Kwun Tong Vocational Training Centre in April 2005.

- Fulum Shopping Network Company Limited
- China Weal (HK) Limited

## Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

## MR. YEUNG HO WANG 楊浩宏

Mr.  Yeung  Ho  Wang,  aged  34,  has  been  as  an  executive  Director  since  13  May  2021  and  is  primarily responsible  for  the  management  and  strategic  development  of  the  restaurants  under  the  'Asia  Catering Line ( 亞洲餐飲線 )'.

Mr.  Yeung  Ho  Wang  has  over  9  years  of  experience  in  operation  management  and  strategic  planning especially  in  the  F&amp;B  industry  in  Hong  Kong.  He  has  joined  the  Group  as  the  operation  manager  since August  2014  and  is  primarily  responsible  for  policy  enforcement  and  corporate  management.  Mr.  Yeung Ho  Wang  received  a  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Business  Management  and  a  Master  of  Science  in  Food Management  in  July  2011  and  November  2012  respectively  from  the  University  of  Surrey.  Mr.  Yeung Ho  Wang  is  also  an  officer  of  the  Quality  Tourism  Services  Association  in  Hong  Kong,  an  officer  of  the Association  of  Restaurant  Managers,  an  officer  of  the  Hong  Kong  Federation  of  Restaurants  &amp;  Related Trades, as well as a member of the Korean Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong. Mr. Yeung Ho Wang is the son of Mr. Yeung and the nephew of Mr. YC Yeung and Mr. YK Yeung.

## MR. YEUNG CHUN NIN 楊振年

Mr. Yeung Chun Nin, aged 37, has been an executive Director since 30 June 2022 and has over 10 years of experience in management of catering operation. He has been a member of the Hong Kong Federation of  Restaurants  &amp;  Related  Trades  Limited  ( 香港餐飲聯業協會 )  (the  ' Federation ')  since  2017  and  he  is currently  the  vice  president  of  the  Federation.  He  joined  the  Group  in  2009,  and  has  been  the  business director  of  the  Group's  main  brand  of  'Sportful  Garden  ( 陶源 )'  which  he  is  primarily  responsible  for corporate  management  and  strategic  planning  since  2016.  Mr.  Yeung  Chun  Nin  obtained  a  Bachelor  of Science  in  Business  Management  from  the  University  of  Nottingham  in  the  United  Kingdom  in  2008.  Mr. Yeung Chun Nin is the son of Mr. YC Yeung and the nephew of Mr. Yeung and Mr. YK Yeung.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## MR. NG NGAI MAN RAYMOND 伍毅文

Mr.  Ng  Ngai  Man  Raymond  (' Mr.  Ng '),  aged  61,  has  been  an  independent  non-executive  Director  since 22 September 2017 and supervises the overall management of the Group.

Mr. Ng has over 27 years of experience in the legal industry in Hong Kong. Mr. Ng is currently the partner of Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam LLP Solicitors. Prior to his current placement with Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam LLP Solicitors, Mr. Ng worked as an executive officer of the Government of Hong Kong from October 1985 to September 1989. Subsequent to his graduation from the University of London in August 1989 and the completion of his articleship in Messrs. C.C. Lee &amp; Co. in September 1992, he was qualified as a solicitor in  Hong  Kong  in  October  1992.  Mr.  Ng  worked  as  an  assistant  solicitor  in  Messrs.  Ko  &amp;  Co  from  October 1992 to December 1995. In January 1996, Mr. Ng set up Messrs. Chan, Ng &amp; Lam and worked as a partner. The firm changed its name to Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam Solicitors &amp; Notaries in March 1999. From April 1999 to March 2016, he worked as a partner of Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam Solicitors &amp; Notaries. On 1 April 2016, Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam Solicitors &amp; Notaries changed its names to Messrs. Fung, Wong, Ng &amp; Lam LLP Solicitors and Mr. Ng has worked as a partner since then.

Mr. Ng graduated from the Chinese University of Hong Kong with a degree of Bachelor of Social Science in December 1985. He subsequently obtained his degree of Bachelor of Laws from the University of London (external  studies)  in  August  1989.  He  has  been  an  accredited  mediator  of  the  Hong  Kong  International Arbitration Centre since October 2002 and a civil celebrant of marriages since June 2006. Mr. Ng also has been appointed as a Chinese Attesting  Officer  by  the  Ministry  of  Justice  of  China  since  December  2015. Mr. Ng was a part-time member of the Central Policy Unit of the Government of Hong Kong in 2012 and has been a SanShui District CPPCC member ( 佛⼭市三水區政協委員 ) of the PRC since November 2016.

## MR. WONG WAI LEUNG JOSEPH 黃偉樑

Mr.  Wong  Wai  Leung  Joseph  (' Mr.  Wong '),  aged  66,  has  been  an  independent  non-executive  Director since 7 May 2021 and is responsible for supervising the overall management of the Group.

Mr.  Wong  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  the  accounting  and  financial  service  industry.  Mr.  Wong has  been  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Goldin  Financial  Holdings  Limited  since  May  2019, the  shares  of  which  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (Stock  Code:  530),  and  an independent  director  of  Cordlife  Group  Limited  since  September  2014,  the  shares  of  which  are  listed  on the  Singapore  Exchange  Limited.  Mr.  Wong  was  an  executive  director  of  Credit  Agricole  (Suisse),  Hong Kong from June 2006 to June 2012, where he served clients on wealth management. From February 1988 to  May  2006,  Mr.  Wong  worked  at  Deloitte  Touche  Tohmatsu,  during  which  he  was  engaged  in  a  wide spectrum  of  business  domains,  including  initial  public  offerings,  taxation  and  asset  protection  plans  for high-net worth individuals.

Mr.  Wong  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Commerce  from  the  University  of  Calgary  in  Alberta,  Canada.  He  is  a member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Independent  Non-executive  Director  Association  and  Singapore  Institute  of Directors.

## MR. CHAN CHUN BONG JUNBON 陳振邦

Mr.  Chan  Chun  Bong  Junbon  (' Mr.  Chan '),  aged  40,  has  been  an  independent  non-executive  Director since 13 May 2021 and is responsible for supervising the overall management of the Group.

Mr.  Chan  has  over  11  years  of  experience  in  corporate  management,  business  expansion  and  brand marketing in the areas of real estate, fast moving consumer goods, retail and wholesale. Mr. Chan is the founder  and  the  chief  executive  officer  of  Block  Group  International  Holdings  Limited  ( 奧創國際 ( 控股 ) 有 限公司 ),  a  company  established  in  February  2019  and  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of  property investment  consultancy  services.  Mr.  Chan  also  serves  in  several  companies.  He  has  been  a  director  and general  manager  of  Yick  Fung  Hong  Commercial  Development  Co.,  Ltd  ( 億豐行商業發展有限公司 ),  a company  principally  engages  in  property  investment  since  May  2017  and  YFH  Management  Services Limited  ( 億豐行管理服務有限公司 ),  a  company  principally  engages  in  property  management  since  March 2017  respectively.  He  has  been  a  general  manager  of  Guangzhou  NAOMI  Cosmetics  Co.,  Ltd.*  ( 廣州 市娜娥美化妝品有限公司 )  from  May  2015.  In  addition,  Mr.  Chan  has  been  a  director  of  Wayway  Daily Necessities (Dongguan) Ltd.* ( 東莞威威日⽤品有限公司 ),  a  detergent  manufacturer,  from  September 2014 and Yick Fung Hong Cosmetic &amp; Detergent Co. Ltd. ( 億豐行化妝洗劑有限公司 ),  which principally engages in  manufacturing and sale of cosmetic and detergent, from May 2015. Prior to that, he worked at Sa Sa Cosmetic Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sa Sa International Holdings Limited, a company currently  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  178)  from  March  2010  to  March 2015,  and  he  last  served  as  a  senior  business  development  manager.  Mr.  Chan  graduated  from  Monash University with dual degree of Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Arts in November 2004.

Mr. Chan has been actively involved in community services and philanthropic activities in Hong Kong and the  PRC.  Mr.  Chan  has  been  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Community  Chest  Campaign  Committee  and the co-chairman of the 'Community for the Chest' Television Show since April 2012. He was appointed as the Honorary President of the Wan Chai District Arts, Cultural, Recreational and Sports Association Limited ( 灣仔區文娛康樂體育會有限公司 ) in November 2018, and the honorary president of the Hong Kong Quarry Bay Residents Association Limited ( 香港鰂魚涌居民協會有限公司 ).  Furthermore,  Mr.  Chan  has  also  been  a member of the Action Committee Against Narcotics Sub-committee on Preventive Education and Publicity ( 禁毒教育及宣傳小組委員會 )  of  the  Narcotics  Division  of  the  Security  Bureau  of  Hong  Kong  since  March 2019. In addition, Mr. Chan was appointed as a member of the Standing Committee of the 13th Chinese People's Political  Consultative Conference Dongguan Committee ( 中國人民政治協商會議第十三屆東莞市委 員會常務委員會 )  in January 2018 and a Hong Kong member of the 13th All-China Youth Federation ( 中華 全國青年聯合會 )  since  August  2020,  and  was  appointed as a member of Hospital Governing Committees of Hong Kong (Kwai Chung Hospital &amp; Princess Margaret Hospital) since April 2022.

Mr.  Chan  has  made  outstanding  achievements  in  the  field  of  corporate  innovation  and  economic construction.  In  September  2019,  he  was  awarded  the  'Asian  Chinese  Leadership  Award'  by  the Chartered Institute of Management of Canada and the Asian Institute of Knowledge Management. In the same year, he was also awarded the 2019 'Global Chinese Outstanding Youth Award ( 全球華人傑出青年 )' which  recognizes  outstanding  young  leaders  of  the  world  for  their  achievements  in  serving  the  society, promoting social welfare and establishing a model for the new generation.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## MR. IP BAN 葉彬

## Business Director

Mr. Ip Ban (' Mr. Ip '), aged 61, is the Group's chief business officer who joined the Group in 2006. Mr. Ip was appointed to his current position in April 2019 and is primarily responsible for setting business targets and executing the day-to-day business management of restaurants under the 'Fulum' main brand. Mr. Ip has  over  40  years  of  experience  in  restaurant  operations.  He  also  served  as  the  store  manager  of  certain restaurants of the Group from 2006 to 2009. He subsequently returned to the Group in October 2012 and served as the regional manager from March 2014 to March 2019.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

Corporate  governance  is  the  responsibility  of  the  Board  and  the  Board  believes  that  good  corporate governance is essential for long-term success and sustainability of our business.

This  report  describes  the  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  and  highlights  how the Company has applied the principles of the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the  ' CG Code ')  contained in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the ' Listing Rules ').

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The  Board  periodically  reviews  the  Group's  corporate  governance  practices  to  ensure  its  continuous compliance with the code provisions of the CG Code (to the extent such provisions are applicable) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. Throughout the year ended 31 March 2022, save for the deviation from code provision A.2.1 (which has been renumbered as C.2.1 since 1 January 2022) of the CG Code, the Board considered that the Company has complied with the code provisions set out in the CG Code.

Pursuant  to  code  provision  A.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the  roles  of  the  chairman  (the  ' Chairman ')  and the  chief  executive  officer  (the  ' Chief  Executive  Officer ')  of  the  Company  should  be  separated  and should  not  be  performed  by  the  same  individual.  At  the  beginning  of  the  year,  the  Company  did  not have  a  separate  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Mr.  Yeung  Wai  ( 楊維 )  has  been  performing these  two  roles  since  Mr.  Yeung  Wai,  being  one  of  the  founders  of  the  Group,  has  in-depth  experience and  knowledge  of  the  business  and  operation  of  the  Group.  In  order  to  further  enhance  the  corporate governance  of  the  Group,  on  13  May  2021,  the  Company  has  appointed  Mr.  Wu  Kam  On  Keith  as  the Chief Executive Officer while Mr. Yeung Wai has remained as the Chairman. Accordingly, the Company has complied with code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code since 13 May 2021.

As to the gender diversity required to be disclosed under the amended CG Code effective from 1 January 2022,  the  Board  has  been  evaluating  on  the  appropriate  plan  for  such  diversity  with  reference  to  the relevant  experiences  and  skills  of  the  Board  members,  the  Board  compositions  of  market  peers  and  the business  development  of  the  Group.  The  Board  will  continue  to  commit  to  maintaining  a  high  standard of  corporate  governance  practices  to  safeguard  the  interests  of  the  shareholders  of  the  Company,  and to  enhance  corporate  value  and  accountability.  These  objectives  can  be  achieved  by  an  effective  Board, segregation  of  duties  with  clear  responsibility,  sound  internal  controls,  appropriate  risk  assessment procedures and transparency to all the Company's shareholders.

## MODEL CODE OF SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  adopted  a  code  of  conduct  (the  ' Code  of  Conduct ')  regarding  directors'  securities transactions on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers  (the  ' Model Code ')  as  set  out  in  Appendix  10  to  the  Listing Rules. Based on responses of specific enquiries made with the Directors, all of the Directors have confirmed that  they  have  complied  with  required  standards  as  set  out  in  the  Model  Code  and  Code  of  Conduct throughout the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The  Board  is  responsible  for  formulating  overall  strategic  policies  of  the  Company,  setting  objectives  for the management and monitoring the performance of the management. The management of the Company implements the strategic decisions and deals with operational matters of the Group under the delegation and authority of the Board.

The  Board  considers  that  it  possesses  various  experience,  capabilities,  and  expertise  suitable  for  and relevant to the Company's businesses in order to provide sound judgement on strategic issues and effective oversight of and guidance to management. The Board includes experts in catering, food and beverage area and professionals in accounting and finance.

The  Board  has  a  balanced  composition  of  executive  and  non-executive  Directors  to  ensure  independent viewpoints in all discussions. The Board currently comprises nine directors, including six executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. Board members are listed below:

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

- Mr. Yeung Wai (Chairman)
- Mr. Wu Kam On Keith (Vice Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer)
- Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen (resigned with effect from 30 June 2022)
- Mr. Yeung Yun Kei
- Mr. Leung Siu Sun
- Mr. Yeung Ho Wang
- Mr. Yeung Chun Nin (appointed with effect from 30 June 2022)

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

- Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew (resigned on 7 May 2021)
- Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond
- Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph (appointed on 7 May 2021)

Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon (appointed on 13 May 2021)

Biographical information of the Directors and their relationship (if any) are set forth on pages 15 to 21 of this annual report.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors have been appointed by the Company for a term of three years, renewable automatically for successive terms of one month each commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of appointment. Such appointment may be terminated in accordance with the  terms  of  the  letters  of  appointment,  including  by  either  party  giving  to  the  other  party  not  less  than three months' advance written notice of termination.

Each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  given  an  annual  confirmation  of  independence  to the Company pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive  Directors  are  independent  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  requirements  under  the  Listing Rules.

## CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR DIRECTORS

On appointment to the Board, the Directors have been provided with comprehensive induction to ensure that  (i)  they  have  a  proper  understanding  of  the  business  and  operations  of  the  Company;  (ii)  they  are fully  aware  of  the  responsibilities  and  obligations  as  being  a  director  of  a  listed  company;  and  (iii)  the compliance  practice  under  the  Listing  Rules.  Directors  are  kept  updated  on  the  statutory  and  regulatory development  and  changes  in  the  business  and  the  market  so  as  to  facilitate  the  discharge  of  their responsibilities.  Continuous  briefing  and  professional  development  for  Directors  will  be  arranged  where necessary.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Directors  were  provided  with  monthly  updates  on  the Company's performance and position to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. All Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Directors participated in the following training:

| Name of Directors  Type of continuous  professional development  (Note 1)  Executive Directors  Mr. Yeung Wai  R  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  A, R  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  R (Note 2)  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  R  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  R  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  R  Mr. Yeung Chun Nin  N/A (Note 3)  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew  A, R (Note 4)  Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond  A, R  Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph  A, R  Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon  A, R   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- 1) A: attending briefing sections and/or seminars relating to matters in financial, legal and corporate governance.
2. R: reading  training  materials  prepared  by  the  legal  advisers  to  recap  the  corporate  governance  and  directors ' duties and responsibilities; reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the economy and business in general.
- 2) The Director resigned as an executive Director with effect from 30 June 2022.
- 3) The Director was newly appointed after the year ended 31 March 2022.
- 4) The Director resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 7 May 2021.

## BOARD MEETINGS

The Board met regularly in person or by means of electronic communication. It is intended that the Board should meet at least four times a year pursuant to code provision A.1.1 (which has been renumbered as C.5.1 since 1 January 2022) of the CG Code. Regular board meetings are usually scheduled in the first quarter of the year to give all directors adequate time to plan their schedules to attend. Directors receive at least 14 days'  prior  written  notice  of  regular  board  meetings  together  with  the  meeting  agenda.  For  other  board meetings, notice is given in a reasonable time in advance.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board has convened and held eleven Board meetings.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

To  facilitate  the  work  of  the  Board,  board  committees  have  been  set  up  with  written  terms  of  reference which clearly define the role, authority and functions of each committee. Each board committee is required to  report  their  decisions  or  recommendations  to  the  Board.  Details  of  Directors'  attendances  at  the  board committee meetings are shown below.

The composition, role and function and summary of work done of each board committee are as follows:

## Executive Committee

The  Company  established  an  executive  committee  (the  ' Executive  Committee ')  on  31  December  2014 with written terms of reference. The primary duties of the Executive Committee include the approval and entering into any agreement or document or transaction on behalf of the Company as the committee may consider necessary or desirable in connection with the normal and ordinary course of business and the dayto-day management and operation of the Company. With effect from 30 June 2022, Mr. Yeung, Mr. Wu, Mr. YK Yeung, Mr. Leung, Mr. Yeung Ho Wang, and Mr. Yeung Chun Nin, all being executive Directors, are members of the Executive Committee, with Mr. Yeung being the chairman.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Executive Committee did not convene any meeting.

## Audit Committee

The  Company  established  the  audit  committee  (the  ' Audit  Committee ')  on  28  October  2014  with the  written  terms  of  reference  revised  and  adopted  on  1  February  2016  and  28  December  2018.  The primary  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  to  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment and  removal  of  the  external  auditor,  to  review  the  financial  statements  and  material  advice  in  respect of  financial  reporting  and  to  oversee  the  audit  process,  risk  management  system  and  internal  control procedures  of  the  Group.  Currently,  Mr.  Ng  Ngai  Man  Raymond,  Mr.  Wong  Wai  Leung  Joseph  and  Mr. Chan  Chun  Bong  Junbon,  all  being  independent  non-executive  Directors,  are  members  of  the  Audit Committee, with Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph being the chairman. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Audit Committee has convened three meetings.

The work performed by the Audit Committee during the year ended 31 March 2022 included (i) reviewing external  auditor's  management  letter  and  management  response;  (ii)  reviewing  the  interim  and  annual reports  of  the  Group  before  submission  to  the  Board  for  approval;  (iii)  reviewing  the  progress  and effectiveness of the Group's internal control and risk management; (iv) reviewing the continuing connected transactions of the Company; and (v) considering the terms of engagement and remuneration of external auditor for its provision of audit and permitted non-audit related services.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  include  the  following  corporate  governance  functions delegated by the Board:

1. develop  and  review  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance  and  make recommendations to the Board and report to the Board on matters;
2. review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and  senior management;
3. review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
4. develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any)  applicable  to employees and Directors;
5. review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG  Code  and  disclosure  in  the  Corporate  Governance Report; and
6. review and monitor the Company's compliance with the Company's whistleblowing policy.

At  the  Audit  Committee's  meeting,  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  had  performed  the  abovementioned corporate governance functions by reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

## Nomination Committee

The  Company  established  the  nomination  committee  (the  ' Nomination  Committee ')  on  28  October 2014 with written terms of reference. The Nomination Committee has three members currently comprising Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon and Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond, being independent non-executive Directors and Mr. Yeung, the executive Director. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon.

The  Nomination  Committee  is  mainly  responsible  for,  without  limitation,  reviewing  the  structure,  size and  composition  of  the  Board,  assessing  the  independence  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors and  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  matters  relating  to  the  appointment  and  re-election  of Directors.  The  Committee  will  also  periodically  review  the  nomination  policy  (the  ' Nomination  Policy ') and the board diversity policy of the Company (the ' Board Diversity Policy '),  as  appropriate,  to  ensure the  effectiveness  of  these  policies  and  discuss  any  revisions  that  may  be  required,  and  recommend  any such  revisions  to  the  Board  for  consideration  and  approval.  During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the Nomination Committee has convened three meetings and had performed the above mentioned duties.

## The Board Diversity Policy

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  had  reviewed  the  Board  Diversity Policy  and  reported  on  the  Board's  composition  under  diversified  perspectives,  and  had  monitored  the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy.

## Corporate Governance Report

Pursuant  to  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  adopted  by  the  Board,  when  reviewing  the  composition  of  the Board and considering the nomination of new Directors, the Nomination Committee will take into account gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service of potential candidates and also business needs of the Company.

With reference to the business needs of the Group, measurable objectives have been set for implementing the  Board  Diversity  Policy.  Selection  of  candidates  will  be  based  on  a  range  of  diversity  perspectives, including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  ethnicity,  professional experience, skills,  knowledge  and  length  of  service.  The  ultimate  decision  will  be  based  on  the  merit  and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

During the year, the Company has achieved the following measurable objectives:

- (1) at least one-third of the Board is composed of independent non-executive Directors;
- (2) at least one-third of the Board are holders of a Bachelor's degree or above;
- (3) at least one Director is a qualified accountant;
- (4) at least one Director has relevant experience in F&amp;B industry; and
- (5) at least one Director has relevant experience in finance.

The Board will the take opportunity to invite female members over time to join the Board when selecting and  making  recommendation  on  suitable  candidates  for  Board  appointments.  The  Board  would  ensure that  appropriate  balance  of  gender  diversity  is  achieved  with  reference  to  stakeholders'  expectation  and international  and  local  recommended  best  practices,  with  the  ultimate  goal  of  bringing  the  Board  to gender diversity.

As at 31 March 2022, the ratio of male and female in the workforce (including the executive directors and senior management) is 41.6% and 58.4%, respectively.

As such, the Company's workforce (including the executive directors and senior management) has achieved gender  diversity  between  males  and  females.  The  Company  would  continue  to  take  into  account  of diversity perspectives including gender diversity in its hiring.

Based  on  the  review  by  the  Nomination  Committee,  the  Nomination  Committee  considers  that  the Company has achieved the  measurable  objectives  set  for  implementing  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  for  the year  under  review.  The  Nomination  Committee  will  monitor  the  implementation  of  the  Board  Diversity Policy.

## The Nomination Policy

On  28  November  2018,  the  Board  adopted  the  Nomination  Policy  on  the  recommendation  of  the Nomination  Committee,  which  describes  the  procedure  by  which  the  Company  will  select  candidate(s) for  possible  inclusion  in  the  Board.  The  Board  considers  the  Nomination  Policy  could  strengthen  the transparency  and  accountability  of  the  Board  and  Nomination  Committee  and  election  of  directors.  In assessing  the  suitability  of  a  proposed  candidate  before  recommending  to  the  Board  for  it  to  consider and  make  recommendations  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  for  election  as  Directors  at  general meetings  or  appoint  as  Directors  to  fill  casual  vacancies,  the  Nomination  Committee  will  consider:  (i) character  and  integrity  of  the  proposed  candidate;  (ii)  qualifications  of  the  proposed  candidate  including professional  qualifications,  skills,  knowledge  and  experience  that  are  relevant  to  the  Company's  business and  corporate  strategy;  (iii)  accomplishment  and  experience  of  the  proposed  candidate  in  the  business from  time  to  time  conducted,  engaged  in  or  invested  in  by  any  member  of  the  Group;  (iv)  commitment of the proposed candidate in respect of available time and relevant interest; (v) requirement for the Board to  have independent directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidates would be considered  independent  with  reference  to  the  independence  guidelines  set  out  in  the  Listing  Rules;  (vi) board  diversity  policy  and  any  measurable  objectives  for  achieving  diversity  on  the  Board;  and  (vii)  such other  perspectives  appropriate  to  the  Company's  business.  The  Nomination  Committee  also  ensures  the Board  has  a  balance  of  skills,  experience  and  diversity  of  perspectives  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of the Company's business.

The  Nomination  Committee  will  monitor  the  implementation  of  the  Nomination  Policy  and  report  to  the Board when necessary.

## Remuneration Committee

The  Company  established  the  remuneration  committee  (the  ' Remuneration  Committee ')  on  28 October 2014 with written terms of reference. The Remuneration Committee has three members currently comprising Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph and Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond, being independent non-executive Directors  and  Mr.  Yeung,  an  executive  Director.  The  Remuneration  Committee  is  chaired  by  Mr.  Ng  Ngai Man Raymond.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include (i) making recommendations to the Board on the  policy  and  structure  for  all  remuneration  of  all  Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group  and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on such remuneration; (ii)  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration  package  of  all  Directors  and  senior management  of  the  Group;  and  (iii)  reviewing  and  approving  performance-based  remuneration  by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time.

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Remuneration  Committee  has  convened  seven  meetings  and had performed the above mentioned duties.

## ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS

The  attendance  record  of  each  Director  at  the  meetings  of  the  Board,  the  Audit  Committee,  the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee and the 2021 annual general meeting (the ' 2021 AGM ') during the year under review are set out in the following table:

| Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings convened  Name of Directors  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  2021 AGM  (Note 2)  Executive Directors  Mr. Yeung Wai  11/11  -  7/7  3/3  1/1  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  11/11  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  11/11  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  11/11  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  11/11  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang (appointed on 13  May 2021)  9/9  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Yeung Chun Nin (appointed with  effect from 30 June 2022) (Note 1)  N/A  -  -  -  N/A  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew (resigned  on 7 May 2021)  0/0  0/0  0/0  0/0  0/0  Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond  11/11  2/2  7/7  3/3  1/1  Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph (appointed  on 7 May 2021)  10/10  2/2  6/6  -  1/1  Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon (appointed  on 13 May 2021)  9/9  2/2  -  1/1  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The Director was newly appointed after 31 March 2022.

2. The 2021 AGM was held on 28 September 2021.

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Pursuant  to  code  provision  B.1.5  (which  has  been  renumbered  as  E.1.5  since  1  January  2022)  of  the  CG Code,  the  remuneration  of  the  members  of  senior  management  (including  the  executive  Directors)  by bands for the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out below:

| Bands of remuneration  Number of  individuals  Nil to HK$500,000  0  HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000  5  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  0  HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000  0  HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000  1  7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further  particulars  in  relation  to  Directors'  remuneration  and  the  five  highest  paid  employees  as  required to  be  disclosed  pursuant  to  Appendix  16  to  the  Listing  Rules  are  set  out  in  note  14  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Directors  understand  and  acknowledge  their  responsibilities  for  preparing  the  consolidated  financial statement of the Group for the year under review and of ensuring that the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is in accordance with the applicable standards and requirements.

The  statement  of  the  external  auditor  of  the  Company  regarding  their  reporting  responsibilities  on  the financial  statements  of  the  Group  is  set  forth  in  the  Independent  Auditor's  Report  on  pages  54  to  56  of this annual report.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Ng  Kam  Tsun  Jeffrey  resigned  as  company  secretary  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  31  December 2021. Mr. Chan Yiu Kwong was appointed as company secretary of the Company on 31 December 2021 to fill the vacancy.

As the company secretary of the Company, Mr. Chan Yiu Kwong is responsible for advising the Board on corporate  governance  matters  and  ensuring  that  the  Board  policies  and  procedures,  and  the  applicable laws, rules and regulations are being followed.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, Mr. Chan Yiu Kwong has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in accordance with rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR

The  Group  appointed  Zhonghui  Anda  CPA  Limited  as  the  Group's  principal  external  auditor.  During  the year ended 31 March 2022, the total fee paid/payable in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by Zhonghui Anda CPA Limited, and its affiliated firms is set out below:

| Items of auditor's services  Amount  (HK$'000)  Audit service  2,300  Non-audit services  - Tax advisory and compliance  150  - Others  238  Total  2,688   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  making  recommendations  to  the  Board  as  to  the  appointment, re-appointment  and  removal  of  the  external  auditor.  Such  appointment,  re-appointment  and  removal  are subject to the approval by the Board and the general meetings of the Company by the shareholders of the Company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The risk management and internal control system is designed to facilitate the achievement of the Group's strategies,  safeguard  the  assets  of  the  Group,  assure  the  proper  maintenance  of  accounting  records,  and to  ensure  the  compliance  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations.  The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for maintaining  a  sound  and  effective  risk  management  and  internal  control  system  throughout  the  Group which  includes  a  defined  management  structure  with  limits  of  authority,  and  is  designed  to  ensure  the proper  application  of  accounting  standard  and  the  provision  of  reliable  financial  information  for  internal use and for publication, and to secure compliance with the relevant laws and regulations.

The controls built into the risk management system are intended to manage, not eliminate, significant risks in the Group's business environment. The Group's risk management framework includes the following key elements:

- -identify  significant  risks  in  the  Group's  operation  environment  and  evaluate  the  impacts  of  those risks on the Group's business;
- -develop necessary measures to manage those risks;
- -monitor and review the effectiveness of such measures

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group  does  not  have  an  internal  audit  function  and  has engaged  an  external  consultant  to  conduct  an  assessment  on  the  effectiveness  of  risk  management  and internal controls of the Group.

Results  of  the  assessment  are  reported  to  the  Audit  Committee  and  key  members  of  executive  and  senior management. Audit issues are tracked and followed up for proper implementation, with progress reported to the Audit Committee, key members of executive and senior management periodically. The risk management and internal control system of the Group is reviewed and assessed on an on-going basis by the management, and will be further reviewed and assessed on a semi-annual basis by the Audit Committee and the Board.

Through  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Board  has  conducted  a  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  covering  the  material financial,  operational  and  compliance controls, and considered the Group's risk management and internal control systems effective and adequate. The Audit Committee has also conducted a review of the adequacy of  resources,  qualifications,  experience  and  training  programs  of  the  internal  audit  staff  and  accounting and financial  reporting  staff  and  considered  that  the  staffing  is  adequate  and  the  staff  are  competent  to carry out their roles and responsibilities.

## HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Company regulates the handling and dissemination of inside information as set out in the information disclosure  policy  adopted  by  the  Company  to  ensure  inside  information  can  be  promptly  identified, assessed  and  disseminated  to  the  public  in  a  timely  manner  in  accordance  with  the  applicable  laws  and regulations.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

To  enhance  transparency  and  effectively  communicate  with  the  investment  community,  the  executive Directors  and  senior  management  of  the  Group  actively  maintain  close  communications  with  various institutional  investors,  financial  analysts  and  financial  media.  Investors  are  welcome  to  share  their  views with  the  Board  by  writing  to  the  Company  at  its  Hong  Kong  head  office  or  sending  enquiries  to  the Company's website at www.fulumgroup.com. Investors and shareholders of the Company are welcome to review the Company's recent announcements on the Group's website at www.fulumgroup.com.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## CONVENING AN EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING

Pursuant  to  article  58  of  the  articles  of  association  of  the  Company  (the  ' Articles  of  Association '), extraordinary  general  meetings  of  the  Company  may  be  convened  on  the  requisition  of  one  or  more shareholders  holding,  at  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition,  not  less  than  one  tenth  of  the  paid  up capital  of  the  Company  having  the  right  of  voting  at  general  meetings.  Such  requisition  shall  be  made in  writing  to  the  Directors  or  the  company  secretary  of  the  Company  for  the  purpose  of  requiring  an extraordinary  general  meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Directors  for  the  transaction  of  any  business  specified in  such  requisition.  Such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  months  after  the  deposit  of  such  requisition. If  within  twenty-one (21) days of such deposit the Directors fail to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)  himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses  incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Directors shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## SHAREHOLDERS' ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD

To ensure effective communication between the Board and the shareholders of the Company, the Company has  adopted  a  shareholder's  communication  policy  (the  ' Communication Policy ')  on  28  October  2014. Under the Communication Policy, the annual shareholders' meetings and other shareholders' meetings of the  Company  are  the  primary  forums  for  communication  by  the  Company  with  its  shareholders  and  for shareholder participation. The chairman of the Board in person chairs the annual general meeting to ensure Shareholders'  views  are  communicated  to  the  Board.  Moreover,  the  briefing  on  the  Company's  business and the questions and answers session at the annual general meeting allow Shareholders to stay informed of the Group's strategies and goals. Information about the Company including shareholder communications shall be published on the Stock Exchange's website (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company's website (www. fulumgroup.com).  Shareholders  may  at  any  time  put  enquiries  to  the  Board.  Any  such  questions  shall  be directed to the company secretary of the Company.

After the Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Communication Policy including steps  taken  at  the  annual  general  meeting  and  the  handling  of  queries  received  (if  any)  which  were conducted  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Communication  Policy  was  found  to  be  effective and adequate.

## PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING

## (i) To propose a person for election as a Director

Pursuant to article 85 of the Articles of Association and the 'Procedures for shareholder to propose a  person for election as a director of the Company' published by the Company on the Company's website,  a  shareholder  of  the  Company  who  wishes  to  propose  a  person  other  than  a  Director  for election as a Director at a general meeting should lodge a written notice at the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong at 26/F, Capital Tower, 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong, for the attention of the company secretary of the Company.

The period for lodgement of the above notice shall be a 7-day period commencing on the day after the  despatch  of  the  notice  of  the  general  meeting  appointed  for  such  election  of  Director(s)  and ending on the date falling 7 days after the despatch of the said notice of the general meeting. For details  of  the  procedure,  please  refer  to  'Procedures  for  shareholder  to  recommend  a  person  for election as a director of the Company' published by the Company on the Company's website.

## (ii) Other proposals

If  a  shareholder  of  the  Company  wishes  to  make  other  proposals  at  a  general  meeting,  he  may lodge  a  written  request,  duly  signed,  at  the  Company's  principal  place  of  business  at  26/F,  Capital Tower,  38  Wai  Yip  Street,  Kowloon  Bay,  Hong  Kong  marked  for  the  attention  of  the  company secretary of the Company.

## CONTACT DETAILS

Shareholders of the Company may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:

26/F, Capital Tower, 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong

Email:

investor@fulum.com.hk

## CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Articles  of  Association  have  been  amended  to  increase  the quorum  required  for  meetings  of  the  Board.  For  further  details  of  the  amendment,  please  refer  to  the announcement and circular of the Company dated 29 June 2021 and 26 August 2021, respectively.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  was  no  other  significant  changes  in  the  Company's  constitutional documents during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Report of the Directors

The  Board  is  pleased  to  present  the  annual  report  together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

The  Company  acts  as  an  investment  holding  company.  The  Group  is  principally  involved  in  restaurant operations in Hong Kong and Mainland China, and the production, sale and distribution of food products related  to  restaurant  operations.  The  principal  activities  of  the  principal  subsidiaries  are  set  forth  in  note 1  to  the  financial  statements.  There  were  no  significant  changes  in  the  nature  of  the  Group's  principal activities during the year.

Further  discussion  and  analysis  of  the  performance  and  position  of  the  Group's  business  during  the year  ended  31  March  2022,  using  financial  key  indicators,  as  required  by  Schedule  5  to  the  Hong  Kong Companies  Ordinance,  including  a  description  of  the  principal  risks  and  uncertainties  facing  the  Group and an indication of likely future development in the Group's business, can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis set out on pages 9 to 14 of this annual report. The discussion forms part of this Directors' report.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 and the Group's financial position at that date are set forth in the financial statements on pages 58 to 59.

The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The  register  of  members  of  the  Company  will  be  closed  from  Friday,  23  September  2022  to  Wednesday, 28  September  2022,  both  days  inclusive,  during  which  period  no  transfer  of  Shares  will  be  registered, for  the  purpose  of  ascertaining  shareholders'  entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  forthcoming  annual general meeting. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfers of Shares  accompanied  by  the  relevant  share  certificates  and  appropriate  transfer  forms  must  be  lodged  for registration with the Company's share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (to be changed to 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong  with  effect  from  15  August  2022) not  later  than  4:30  p.m.  on  Thursday,  22 September 2022.

## USE  OF  NET  PROCEEDS  FROM  THE  COMPANY'S  INITIAL  PUBLIC OFFERING

The net proceeds from the initial public offering and listing of Shares (the ' Listing ') on the Main Board of the  Stock  Exchange  on  13  November  2014  (the  ' Listing  Date '),  after  the  deduction  of  related  issuance expenses, amounted to approximately HK$431.8 million. During the period from the Listing to 31 March 2022, the net proceeds from the Listing were utilised in accordance with the proposed applications set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 4 November 2014 (the ' Prospectus ') as follows:

| Intended use of the net proceeds as  stated in the Prospectus  Planned use of  proceeds  (Note)  (HK$' million)  Proceeds  utilised during  the year ended  31 March 2022  (HK$' million)  Actual use of  proceeds up to  31 March 2022  (HK$' million)  Unutilised  amount as at  31 March 2022  (HK$' million)  Opening of new restaurants under 'Fulum  (  富臨  )' main brand and under 'Sportful  (  陶源  )' main brand  172.7  -  172.7  -  Opening of specialty cuisine restaurants  under 'Asia Catering Line (  亞洲餐飲線  )'  64.8  -  64.8  -  Opening of restaurants in the PRC  86.3  -  86.3  -  Renovation and refurbishment of existing  restaurants and headquarter, upgrade of  our central kitchen and logistics center  in Hong Kong and upgrade of our  information technology systems  64.8  -  64.8  -  Acquisition of, or forming strategic alliances  with, other brands or restaurants when  suitable opportunities arise  21.6  3.2  3.2  18.4  General working capital  21.6  -  21.6  -  Total  431.8  3.2  413.4  18.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The planned amount of use of net proceeds has been adjusted in the same proportion and same manner as stated in the Prospectus due to the difference between the estimated net proceeds and the actual net proceeds received.

As at 31 March 2022, approximately HK$18.4 million of the net proceeds from the Listing (the  ' Unutilised Net  Proceeds ')  was  unutilised  which  was  intended  to  be  used  in  acquisition  of,  or  forming  of  strategic alliances  with,  other  brands  or  restaurants.  The  Company  intends  to  apply  the  Unutilised  net  proceeds in  accordance with the disclosed use of proceeds in the Prospectus. As the Group is still in the course of exploring  and  identifying  suitable  opportunities  for  acquisitions  of,  or  forming  of  strategic  alliances  with, other brands or restaurants, there was a delay in utilizing the Unutilised net proceeds. It is expected that the Unutilised Net Proceeds would be fully utilized on or before 31 March 2023.

## Report of the Directors

The Group held the unutilised net proceeds in short-term deposits with licensed banks in Hong Kong as at the date of this report.

## SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last  five  years,  as  extracted  from  the  audited  consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 120 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Company  had  1,300,000,000  Shares  of  HK$0.001  each  in  issue  (31  March 2021: 1,300,000,000 Shares of HK$0.001 each).

Details  of  the  share  capital  and  the  movements  in  share  options  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set out in notes 30 and 32 to the financial statements, respectively.

## TREASURY POLICIES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The Group generally financed its operations with internally generated resources and bank borrowings. As at  31  March  2022,  bank  borrowings  of  the  Group  and  the  cash  and  cash  equivalent  held  by  the  Group were mainly in HK$. For further information on the financial resources of the Group, please refer to the paragraph  headed  'Financial  resources  and  liquidity'  under  the  management  discussion  and  analysis section of this report.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's articles of association or the laws of the  Cayman  Islands  for  which  the  Company  shall  be  obliged  to  offer  new  shares  on  a  pro-rata  basis  to existing shareholders.

## TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders of the Company by reason of their holding of the Company's securities. Intending holders and investors of the Company's Shares are recommended to consult their professional advisers if they are in any doubt as to the taxation implications  (including  tax  relief)  of  subscribing  for,  purchasing,  holding,  disposing  of  or  dealing  in  the Shares. It is emphasised that none of the Company or its Directors or officers will accept any responsibility for any tax effect on, or liabilities of, holders of the Shares resulting from their subscription for, purchase, holding, disposal of or dealing in such Shares.

## PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company's listed securities during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL PROPERTIES

Details of the principal properties of the Group are set out below:

## Hong Kong

| Location  Lot number  Type  Lease term  Office on 26th Floor of Tower A, No. 38  Wai Yip Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong  1,324/61,923 equal and  undivided shares of and in  New Kowloon Inland Lot  No. 6313  Commercial  2065  Car Parking space Nos. P70 and P71  on Basement 1 Floor, No. 38 Wai Yip  Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong  8/61,923 equal and undivided  shares of and in New  Kowloon Inland Lot No.  6313  Car parking space  2065   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, the above properties were used as offices and car parking spaces of the Group.

## RESERVES

Details  of  the  movement  in  reserves  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  respectively set  out  on  page  60  and  note  37  of  this  annual  report.  As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Company's  reserves available  for  distribution,  calculated  in  accordance  with  the  Companies  Law,  Cap.  22  (Law  3  of  1961,  as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, amounted to HK$120,387,000.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Company  considers  stable  and  sustainable  returns  to  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  to  be  its goal.  It  is  the  policy  of  the  Board,  in  declaring  or  recommending  a  payment  of  dividend,  to  allow  the shareholders  to  participate  in  the  Company's  profits  and  for  the  Company  to  retain  adequate  reserves of  the  Company  for  future  growth.  On  28  November  2018,  the  Board  adopted  a  dividend  policy  (the ' Dividend Policy ') on the recommendation of the Audit Committee in order to promote greater dividend policy  transparency.  In  deciding  whether  to  recommend the payment of dividend to the shareholders, the Board will take into account (i) general business conditions and other internal or external factors that may have  an  impact  on  the  business  or  financial  performance  and  position  of  the  Company;  (ii)  the  financial condition  and  results  of  operations  of  the  Group;  (iii)  the  expected  capital  requirements  and  future expansion plans of the Group; (iv) future prospects of the Group; (v) statutory and regulatory restrictions; (vi) contractual restrictions on the payment of dividend by the Group to the shareholders or by the subsidiaries of  the  Company  to  the  Company;  (vii)  taxation  considerations;  (viii)  shareholders'  interests;  and  (ix)  other factors  the  Board  may  deem  relevant.  The  Board  may  also  pay  any  fixed  dividend  which  is  payable  on any  shares  of  the  Company  half-yearly  or  on  any  other  dates,  whenever  such  profits,  in  the  opinion  of the  Board,  justifies  such  payment.  Whilst  the  Dividend  Policy  reflects  the  Board's  current  views  on  the financial and cash-flow position of the Group, such dividend policy will continue to be reviewed from time to time and there can be no assurance that a dividend will be recommended or declared in any particular amount for any given period. The declaration of or recommendation of declaration of dividends is subject to  the  absolute  discretion  of  the  Board.  Even  if  the  Board  decides  to  recommend  and  declare  a  dividend, the  form,  frequency  and  amount  will  depend  upon  the  operations  and  earnings,  capital  requirements and  surplus,  general  financial  condition,  contractual  restrictions  and  other  factors  of  and  affecting  the Group.  The  payment  of  dividend  is  also  subject  to  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  the  Company's constitutional documents.

## CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS

During the year under review, the Group made charitable contributions totalling HK$70,000.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

As  a  restaurant  chain,  the  Company  had  a  large  and  diversified  customer  base  across  Hong  Kong  and Mainland China and did not rely on any single customer during the year. Sales to the Group's five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales for the year. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the five largest suppliers and the single largest supplier of the Group accounted for approximately 26.6% (2021: 34.4%) and 11.0% (2021: 9.0%) of the total purchases of the Group, respectively.

During the year under review, none of the Directors, their respective  close  associates  or  any  shareholders of  the  Company  (which,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Directors,  own  more  than  5%  of  the  Company's issued share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest suppliers.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year and as at the date of this annual report were as follows:

## Executive Directors:

Mr. Yeung Wai (chairman of the Board)

Mr. Wu Kam On Keith (redesignated as vice chairman of the Board and chief executive officer on 13 May 2021)

Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen (resigned with effect from 30 June 2022)

Mr. Yeung Yun Kei

Mr. Leung Siu Sun

Mr. Yeung Ho Wang (appointed on 13 May 2021)

Mr. Yeung Chun Nin (appointed with effect from 30 June 2022)

## Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew (resigned on 7 May 2021)

Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond

Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph (appointed on 7 May 2021)

Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon (appointed on 13 May 2021)

Pursuant to articles  84(1)  and  84(2)  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  Mr.  Yeung,  Mr.  Wu  and  Mr.  YK  Yeung will  retire  as  Directors  by  rotation  and,  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. In addition, Mr. Yeung Chun Nin will retire as Director and offer himself  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  pursuant  to  article 83(3) of the Articles of Association.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each  of  the  executive  Directors  has  entered  into  a  service  agreement  with  the  Company  which  may  be terminated by either party giving to the other party not less than three months' advance written notice of termination.  Each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  been  appointed  to  the  Board  pursuant to  their  respective  letters  of  appointment,  for  an  initial  term  of  three  years,  renewable  automatically  for successive  terms  of  one  month  each  commencing  from  the  next  day  after  the  expiry  of  the  then  current term of appointment, and such appointment may be terminated by either party giving to the other party not less than three months' advance written notice of termination.

All  Directors  are  subject  to  retirement  from  office  and  re-election  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company in accordance with the Articles of Association.

None of the Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS

The  emoluments  payable  to  Directors  are  determined  by  the  Board  with  reference  to  recommendations given  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  to  the  Board  taking  into  account  the  Directors'  duties, responsibilities and performance and the results of the Group. A summary of the Directors' remuneration is set out in note 14 to the financial statements.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant  to  the  Articles  of  Association,  the  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  every  Director  shall  be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain in the execution of their duties in their offices. Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force throughout the year. The Company has arranged appropriate Directors' liability insurance coverage for the Directors of the Group.

## DIRECTORS'  INTERESTS  IN  TRANSACTIONS,  ARRANGEMENTS  OR CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, no Director nor any entity connected with a Director had a material interest,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  in  any  transactions,  arrangements  or  contracts  of  significance  to  the business  of  the  Group  subsisting  during  or  at  the  end  of  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  to  which  the Company or any of the Company's subsidiaries was a party.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## ENVIRONMENT POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The  Company  recognises  the  importance  of  its  role  in  environmental  and  social  sustainability.  During the  year  under  review,  the  Group  has  been  striving  to  comply  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in connection with environmental protection, emissions and efficient  use  of  resources  such  as  energy,  water and packaging materials.

A separate environmental, social and governance report of the Group is expected to be published on the Stock Exchange's website and the Company's website no later than three months after the annual report had been published.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

To the best knowledge, information and belief of the Board and management, the Group has complied in all  material  respects  with  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations that have a significant impact on the business and  operation  of  the  Group  and  there  was  no  material  breach  of  or  non-compliance  with  the  applicable laws and regulations by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH EMPLOYEES

A description  of  the  relationship  with  the  employees  of  the  Group  is  contained  in  the  paragraph  headed 'Human resources and remuneration policy' under the management discussion and analysis section of this report.

## DIRECTORS'  AND  CHIEF  EXECUTIVE'S  INTERESTS  AND  SHORT POSITIONS  IN  THE  SHARES,  UNDERLYING  SHARES  AND  DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  and  the  chief  executive  of  the Company in the Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Ordinance  (the  ' SFO ')),  which  had  been notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO (including interests and short positions in which they were deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the  SFO,  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  the  Model  Code, were as follows:

| Name of Director  The Company/  name of  associated  corporation  Capacity/ nature of  interest  Number and class of  securities  (Note 1)  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Mr. Yeung Wai  The Company  Interest held  jointly with another  person; interest  in a controlled  corporation;  beneficial owner  (Note 2)  915,375,000 Shares (L)  (Note 3)  70.41%  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen The Company  Interest held  jointly with another  person; beneficial  owner (Note 2)  915,375,000 Shares (L)  (Note 4)  70.41%  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  The Company  Interest held  jointly with another  person; beneficial  owner (Note 2)  915,375,000 Shares (L)  (Note 5)  70.41%  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  The Company  Beneficial Owner  73,625,000 Shares (L)  5.66%  Mr. Wu Kam On  Keith  The Company  Beneficial Owner  (Note 6)  4,000,000 Shares (L)  0.31%  Mr. Yeung Ho  Wang  The Company  Beneficial Owner  (Note 6)  4,000,000 Shares (L)  0.31%  Mr. Ng Ngai Man  Raymond  The Company  Beneficial Owner  (Note 6)  1,360,000 Shares (L)  0.10%  Mr. Wong Wai  Leung Joseph  The Company  Beneficial Owner  (Note 6)  1,360,000 Shares (L)  0.10%  Mr. Chan Chun  Bong Junbon  The Company  Beneficial Owner  (Note 6)  1,360,000 Shares (L)  0.10%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Directors

## Notes:

1. The letter 'L' denotes the person's long position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or the relevant associated corporation.
2. Mr. Yeung Wai, Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen and Mr. Yeung Yun Kei, being our executive Directors, are siblings, associates of each other under the Listing Rules and are deemed to be persons acting in concert under The Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs issued by the Securities  and  Futures  Commission  of  Hong  Kong.  As  such,  each  of  Mr. Yeung Wai, Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen and Mr. Yeung Yun Kei is deemed to be interested in all the shares of the Company (the ' Shares ') in which the others are interested.
3. In  respect  of  the  915,375,000  Shares,  272,025,000  Shares  were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Chuen,  184,275,000  Shares were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Kei,  452,075,000  Shares  were  held  by  China  Sage  International  Limited,  a  company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands,  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  which  is  beneficially  owned  by  Mr.  Yeung Wai,  and  7,000,000  Shares  are  underlying  shares  of  the  same  number  of  options  granted  to  Mr.  Yeung  Wai  on  18 August 2021 under the Share Option Scheme.
4. In  respect  of  the  915,375,000  Shares,  272,025,000  Shares  were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Chuen,  184,275,000  Shares were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Kei,  452,075,000  Shares  were  held  by  China  Sage  International  Limited,  a  company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands,  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  which  is  beneficially  owned  by  Mr.  Yeung Wai, and 7,000,000 Shares are underlying shares of the same number of options granted to Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen on 18 August 2021 under the Share Option Scheme.
5. In  respect  of  the  915,375,000  Shares,  272,025,000  Shares  were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Chuen,  184,275,000  Shares were  held  by  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Kei,  452,075,000  Shares  were  held  by  China  Sage  International  Limited,  a  company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands,  the  entire  issued  share  capital  of  which  is  beneficially  owned  by  Mr.  Yeung Wai, and 7,000,000 Shares are underlying shares of the same number of options granted to Mr. Yeung Yun Kei on 18 August 2021 under the Share Option Scheme.
6. The relevant Directors were granted options to subscribe for such number of Shares under the Share Option Scheme. Details of the Directors' Interests in Share options are set out in the paragraph headed 'Share Option Scheme' in the interim report.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  March  2022,  none  of  the  Directors  or  chief  executive  had  any  interest or  short  position  in  the  Shares,  underlying  shares  and  debentures  of  the  Company  or  any  associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register that was required to be kept pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## SUBSTANTIAL  SHAREHOLDERS'  INTERESTS  AND  SHORT  POSITIONS  IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  interests  or  short  positions  of  the  persons,  other  than  Directors  or  chief executive of the Company, in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:

| Name of shareholder  Capacity/nature of  interest  Number and class of  securities  (Note 1)  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding in  the Company  Ms. Lam Man Ki, Elane  Interest of spouse (Note 2)  915,375,000  70.41%  Ms. Yung Yuk Ling  Interest of spouse (Note 3)  915,375,000  70.41%  Ms. Hui Lin Na  Interest of spouse (Note 4)  915,375,000  70.41%  China Sage International  Limited  Beneficial owner (Note 5)  452,075,000  34.78%  Ms. Leung Siu Kuen  Interest of spouse (Note 6)  73,625,000  5.66%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The letter 'L' denotes the person or entity's long position in the Shares and underlying shares of the Company.
2. Ms. Lam Man Ki, Elane was deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which Mr. Yeung, her spouse, was interested by virtue of the SFO.
3. Ms.  Yung  Yuk  Ling  was  deemed  to  be  interested  in  all  the  Shares  in  which  Mr.  Yeung  Yun  Chuen,  her  spouse,  was interested by virtue of the SFO.
4. Ms. Hui Lin Na was deemed to be interested in all the Shares in which Mr. Yeung Yun Kei, her spouse, was interested by virtue of the SFO.
5. These  Shares  were  held  by  China  Sage  International  Limited.  The  entire  issued  shares  of  China  Sage  International Limited are owned by Mr. Yeung Wai.
6. Ms.  Leung  Siu  Kuen  was  deemed  to  be  interested  in  all  the  Shares  in  which  Mr.  Leung  Siu  Sun,  her  spouse,  was interested by virtue of the SFO.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  March  2022,  no  person,  other  than  the  Directors  and  chief  executive of  the  Company,  had  registered  an  interest  or  short  position  in  the  shares  or  underlying  shares  of  the Company that was recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company  has  adopted  a  share  option  scheme  (the  ' Share  Option  Scheme ')  for  the  purpose  of motivating  eligible  participants  to  optimise  their  future  contributions  to  the  Group  and  to  reward  them for the past contributions and to attract and retain or otherwise maintain ongoing relationships with such eligible participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the performance, growth or success of the Group.

Eligible  participants  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  include  the  Directors,  including  independent  nonexecutive Directors, other employees of the Group and any consultants, business or joint venture partners, franchisees,  contractors,  agents,  representatives  or  service  providers  of  any  member  of  the  Group.  The Share  Option  Scheme  was  adopted  by  the  Company  on  28  October  2014  and  became  effective  on  13 November 2014, and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from the effective date. Accordingly, the Share Option Scheme will expire on 12 November 2024.

The  offer  of  a  grant  of  share  options  may  be  accepted  upon  payment  of  a  nominal  consideration  of HK$1  in  total  by  the  grantee  within  the  period  specified  in  the  letter  containing  the  offer  of  the  grant of  the  share  options.  The  period  within  which  the  Shares  under  the  share  options  must  be  taken  up  and the  minimum  period,  if  any,  for  which  a  share  option  must  be  held  before  it  can  be  exercised,  will  be determined by the Board in accordance with the Share Option Scheme.

Pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, the Directors may invite participants to take up share options at a price determined by the Board but in any event shall not be less than the highest of (i) the nominal value of  a  Share;  (ii)  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotation  sheet  on the  offer  date;  and  (iii)  the  average  of  the  closing  prices  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date.

The  maximum  number  of  Shares  in  respect  of  which  options  may  be  granted  under  the  Share  Option Scheme and any other schemes by the Company shall not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the issued share capital  of  the  Company as at the Listing Date (i.e. 130,000,000 Shares) unless shareholders' approval has been obtained.

The  maximum  number  of  Shares  issuable  to  each  eligible  participant  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the Shares in issue at any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

Share options granted to a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of  their  associates,  are  subject  to  approval  in  advance  by  the  independent  non-executive  Directors.  In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder of the Company or an independent nonexecutive  Director,  or  to  any  of  their  associates,  in  excess  of  0.1%  of  the  Shares  in  issue  at  any  time  or with an aggregate value (based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

## Report of the Directors

During the year ended 31 March 2022, there were 104,000,000 share options granted. No share options were exercised and no shares were issued during the year. The total number of Shares available for issue under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  as  at  31  March  2022  was  26,000,000  Shares,  representing  2%  of  the total issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report.

Particulars of the movement of options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 March 2022 are as follows:

## Directors

| Name  Capacity  Date of Grant  Exercise Price  Granted  during the  period  Exercised  during the  period  Outstanding  as at  31 March  2022  Mr. Yeung Wai  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  7,000,000  -  7,000,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  7,000,000  -  7,000,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  7,000,000  -  7,000,000  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  7,000,000  -  7,000,000  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  4,000,000  -  4,000,000  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  4,000,000  -  4,000,000  Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  1,360,000  -  1,360,000  Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  1,360,000  -  1,360,000  Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon  Beneficial Owner  18 August 2021  HK$0.2056  1,360,000  -  1,360,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employees

| Date of Grant  Capacity  Exercise Price  Granted  during the  period  Exercised  during the  period  Outstanding  as at 31  March 2022  18 August 2021  Beneficial Owner  HK$0.2056  63,920,000  -  63,920,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. As for the share options granted on 18 August 2021 (the ' Date of Grant '),  the  closing  price  of  the  shares  quoted on the Stock Exchange immediately before the business day on which the options were granted i.e. 17 August 2021 was HK$0.205. The options are exercisable in 3 tranches of 33%, 33% and 34%, respectively, at any time after the expiration of 24, 36 and 48 months, respectively, from the Date of Grant.
2. If  as  a  result  of  the  exercise  of  the  share  options,  the  public  float  as  required  under  the  Listing  Rules  cannot  be maintained,  then  the  share  options  may  only  be  exercised  by  the  grantees  to  the  extent  allowable  under  the  Listing Rules so that after exercise of such share options, the public float requirements will not be violated.
3. No option lapsed or was cancelled during the year ended 31 March 2022.

Further details of the Share Option Scheme are set out in note 32 to the financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At  no  time  during  the  period  under  review  were  rights  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition of  Shares  in  or  debentures  of  the  Company  granted  to  any  Director  or  their  respective  spouses  or  minor children, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement which enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  there  was  no  contract  of  significance  in  relation  to  the  Group's business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholders of the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During  the  year  under  review  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Group  entered  into  the following transactions as described below with persons who are regarded as 'connected persons' pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

## The 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements

On  12  July  2021,  certain  members  of  the  Group  (as  lessees)  respectively  entered  into  five  tenancy agreements  (collectively,  ' 2021  Connected  Tenancy  Agreements ')  with  the  Lessors  (as  hereinafter defined),  pursuant  to  which  the  relevant  members  of  the  Group  agreed  to  lease  the  Premises  from  the Lessors for a term of 20 months from 1 August 2021 to 31 March 2023 (both days inclusive).

## Report of the Directors

Set out below is a summary of the principal terms of the 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements:

| Premise No.  Lessor  (Note 1)  Lessee  (Note 2)  Premise  Approximate  GFA (sq. ft)  Monthly  Rental  (Note 3)  Intended Use  1  K Richman  Limited  Fulum  Management  Limited (  富臨管  理有限公司  )  Major portion of 26/F, Tower B, Capital  Tower, No.38 Wai Yip Street,  Kowloon And Car Parking Spaces  Nos P29, P30 and P31 on B1/F,  Capital Tower, No.38 Wai Yip Street,  Kowloon  9,282 (excluding  car parking  spaces)  220,000  Office and car  parking  2  China Good  Corporation  Limited  Best Food  Development  Limited (  美食發  展有限公司  )  Shop 106 on the 1st floor and Shops  209-213, 215-219 on the 2nd floor  of Hsin Kuang Centre, No. 120  Lung Cheung Road, Wong Tai Sin,  Kowloon  2,131  70,000  Supermarket and  takeaway store  3  China Queen  Investment  Limited  Best Food  Development  Limited (  美食發  展有限公司  )  Workshop B1, G/F, Kai Tak Factory  Building Stage II, No. 99 King Fuk  Street and Nos. 39-41 Tseuk Luk  Street, Kowloon  1,200  38,000  Grocery  4  China Spring  Development  Limited  China Show  Industrial  Limited (  中展實  業有限公司  )  Major portion of Restaurant 7 on the  1st Floor, Canaryside, No.8 Shung  Shum Street, Kowloon  1,756  58,000  Chinese  restaurant  5  China All  Enterprises  Limited  China Extreme  Limited (  中堅有  限公司  )  Portion of Unit A (also known as Units  Nos. 201, 202, 215, 216 and 217A),  2/F, Kin Wing Commercial Building,  No 24-30 Kin Wing Street, Tuen  Mum, New Territories  2,322  28,000  Chinese  restaurant   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Each  of  the  Lessors  of  the  2021  Connected  Tenancy  Agreements  is  indirectly  controlled  by  Mega  Kingdom  Holdings Limited (' Mega Kingdom ').
2. Each of the lessees of the 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
3. The monthly rental is exclusive of rates, Government rent, services and management charges and other outgoings.

The aggregated value of the right-of-use asset to be recognised by the Company under the terms of the 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements amounted to approximately HK$8,084,067, representing the present value  of  the  aggregate  lease  payments  to  be  made  under  the  2021  Connected  Tenancy  Agreements  in accordance with HKFRS 16.

## Report of the Directors

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  each  of  the  Lessors  was  indirectly  controlled  by  Mega  Kingdom, which was in turn owned as to 41% and 31% by Mr. Yeung and Mr. YC Yeung, respectively. As each of Mr. Yeung and Mr. YC Yeung is an executive Director, the Lessors are regarded as associates of Mr. Yeung and Mr. YC Yeung and thus connected persons of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

In accordance with HKFRS 16 'Leases', the Company will recognise right-of-use assets on its consolidated statement of financial position in connection with the tenancy of the Premises under the 2021 Connected Tenancy  Agreements.  Accordingly,  the  entering  into  of  the  2021  Connected  Tenancy  Agreements  will  be regarded as acquisition of assets by the Group which will constitute one-off connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For further details of the 2021 Connected Tenancy Agreements, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July 2021.

The Company has complied with applicable disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in  respect  of  the  aforesaid  transactions  and  the  transactions  stated  in  the  section  headed  'Continuing Connected Transactions' in this annual report.

## CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Group  continued  to  transact  the  following  continuing  connected transactions which fell within the ambit of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

## The 2020 Connected Tenancy Framework Agreement

On  9  December  2019,  the  Company  has  entered  into  a  tenancy  framework  agreement  (as  amended by  a  supplemental  agreement  dated  7  February  2020)  (the  ' 2020  Connected  Tenancy  Framework Agreement ') with Mr. Yeung, Mr. YC Yeung, Mr. YK Yeung, Mr. Leung and Mr. Yeung Chun Nin (the son of  Mr.  YC  Yeung and subsequently appointed as an executive Director of the Company (the ' Connected Parties '),  pursuant  to  which,  the  Group,  as  tenant,  agreed  to  lease  from  various  entities  controlled  by the  Connected  Parties  (the  ' Landlords ')  35  premises  (the  ' Premises ')  for  the  operation  of  restaurants, warehouse, central kitchen and logistics center of the Group. Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Connected Tenancy  Framework  Agreement,  the  relevant  members  of  the  Group  had  entered  into  separate  tenancy agreements (the ' 2020 Connected Tenancy Agreements ') with the Landlords in respect of the lease of the  Premises  with  a  term  of  three  years  commencing  from  1  April  2020  to  31  March  2023.  The  relevant members of the Group are required to pay the monthly rent (together with rates and the government rent, service charges and other outgoings) as set forth in the respective 2020 Connected Tenancy Agreements.

According  to  HKFRS  16,  the  Company  recognised  right-of-use  assets  of  approximately  HK$332  million under the 2020 Connected Tenancy Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 March 2021. Given that Mr. Yeung, Mr. YC Yeung, Mr. YK Yeung, Mr. Leung, and Mr. Yeung Chun Nin are executive Directors and thus  connected  persons  of  the  Company,  the  2020  Connected  Tenancy  Framework  Agreement  and  the transactions contemplated thereunder constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules. For further details of the 2020 Connected Tenancy Framework Agreement and the 2020 Connected Tenancy Agreements, please refer to the announcement and circular of the Company dated 9 December 2019 and 7 February 2020, respectively.

## Report of the Directors

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  had  reviewed  and  confirmed  that  the  above  continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from independent third  parties  conducted  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  respective  tenancy  agreements; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Zhonghui  Anda  CPA  Limited,  the  Company's  external  auditor,  was  engaged  to  report  on  the  Group's continuing connected transactions during the year ended 31 March 2022, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard  on  Assurance  Engagements  3000  (Revised)  'Assurance  Engagements  Other  Than  Audits  or Reviews of Historical  Financial  Information'  and  with  reference  to  Practice  Note  740  'Auditor's  Letter  on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules' issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Zhonghui Anda CPA Limited issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions during the year under review by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor's letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

Save for the transactions stated in the section headed 'Connected Transactions' and the aforementioned continuing  connected  transactions  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  the  related  party  transactions  disclosed in  note  36  to  the  financial  statements  are  either  exempted  or  non-exempted  continuing  connected transactions or connected transactions which have complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## ANNUAL OFFER ARRANGEMENTS AND RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL

## BACKGROUND

As  stated  in  the  Prospectus,  the  controlling  shareholders  of  the  Company  (the  ' Controlling Shareholders ')  had  interests  in,  or  control  of,  five  mid-to-high  end  restaurants  located  in  Guangdong Province  of  the  PRC  under  the  brand  of  'Sportful  Garden  ( 陶源 )'  which  were  not  included  in  the  Group (the ' Excluded PRC Restaurants '). The Excluded PRC Restaurants were indirectly held by Mr. Yeung and Sportful  Garden  Restaurant  Limited  (' SGRL '),  a  company  indirectly  held  as  to  41%,  31%,  21%  and  7% by Mr. Yeung, Mr. YC Yeung, Mr. YK Yeung and Mr. Leung, respectively. As at 31 March 2021, only one of the  Excluded  PRC  Restaurants  which  was  located  in  Shenzhen  (' Shenzhen Sportful Garden ')  remained in operation and the remaining four Excluded PRC Restaurants had been discontinued.

On 28 October 2014, Mr. Yeung, SGRL and the Company have entered into an option deed (the ' Deed of Annual Offer and ROFR '), pursuant to which Mr. Yeung and SGRL agreed to offer, on an exclusive basis, an option to the Company to, at its sole and absolute discretion, acquire (i) all or part of their respective interests  in  the  holding  companies  of  the  Excluded  PRC  Restaurants;  and/or  (ii)  certain  trademarks  in  the PRC  containing  the  Chinese  character  ' 陶源 '  and  English  letters  'Sportful  Garden'  (the  ' PRC  Sportful Garden Trademarks ') or any one of them, once in each financial year upon the Listing. Under the Deed of Annual Offer and ROFR, Mr. Yeung and SGRL will make the annual offer in each financial year by giving a written notice of offer (the ' Annual Offer Notice ') to the Company.

## Report of the Directors

Under  the  Deed  of  Annual  Offer  and  ROFR,  Mr.  Yeung  and  SGRL  have  further  granted  to  the  Company a  right  of  first  refusal,  pursuant  to  which,  in  the  event  that  Mr.  Yeung  and/or  SGRL  receive  an  offer  from any  independent  third  party  to  purchase,  or  contemplate  to  dispose  of  to  any  independent  third  party,  the whole or any part of their respective interests in any of the Excluded PRC Restaurants and/or any of the PRC Sportful Garden Trademarks (the ' Third Party Disposal '), the Company shall have the right to acquire the relevant  Excluded  PRC  Restaurant(s)  and/or  the  relevant  PRC  Sportful  Garden  Trademark(s)  at  the  average appraised  value  under  the  valuation  reports  to  be  conducted  by  two  independent  valuers,  who  shall  be appointed by the independent non-executive Directors.

## DECISION MADE DURING THE YEAR UNDER REVIEW

The independent non-executive Directors, on behalf of the Company, had unanimously declined the annual offer under the Annual Offer Notice for the year ended 31 March 2022 given by Mr. Yeung and SGRL after evaluating  the  financial  and  operational  performance  of  Shenzhen  Sportful  Garden  for  the  financial  year ended 31 December 2021 with the following reasons:

- (i) due  to  the  recent  state  policy  against  high-end  consumption  sentiments  in  the  PRC,  the  Directors have confirmed that the Group has no current intention to tap into the mid-to-high end segment in the PRC. For the time being, all future investments of the Group into the PRC market are expected to focus on the mass market segment. In the event that there is an uplift of or change to the state policy  against  high  end  consumption  sentiment  in  the  PRC,  the  Group  may  consider  acquiring  the Excluded PRC Restaurants under the Deed of Annual Offer and ROFR before tapping into the midto-high end market in the PRC on our own venture to avoid direct or indirect competition with the Controlling Shareholders; and
- (ii) according  to  the  information  provided  by  Mr.  Yeung  and  SGRL,  the  consolidated  operating  and financial  results  of  Shenzhen  Sportful  Garden  were  still  in  loss  for  the  financial  year  ended  31 December  2021,  and  the  business  environment  for  mid-to-high  end  catering  segments  in  the  PRC was still sluggish.

Mr. Yeung and SGRL further confirmed in the Annual Offer Notice for the year ended 31 March 2022 that there was no Third Party Disposal during the year under review.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 March 2022, Mr. Yeung, Mr. YC Yeung, Mr. YK Yeung and Mr. Leung, each being an executive Director,  had  interested  in  Shenzhen  Sportful  Garden,  details  of  which  are  set  out  in  the  paragraph headed  'Annual  offer  arrangement  and  right  of  first  refusal'  in  this  report  of  the  Directors.  As  at  31 March  2022,  the  Group  did  not  operate  any  restaurants  targeting  mid-to-high  end  market  in  the  PRC. As such, the business of the Group and that of Shenzhen Sportful Garden are clearly delineated. In view of  such  business  delineation  and  the  terms  of  the  Deed  of  Annual  Offer  and  ROFR,  the  Group  is  capable of  carrying  on  its  business  independently  of,  and  at  arm's  length  from  the  competing  business  of  the Directors.

Save as disclosed above as at 31 March 2022, none of the Directors or any of their respective associates has  engaged in any business that competes or may compete with the business of the Group, or has any other conflicts of interest with the Group.

## DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

The Company has received the written confirmations from the Controlling Shareholders (namely Mr. Yeung, China Sage International Limited, Mr. YK Yeung and Mr. YC Yeung) in respect of their compliance with the provisions of the deed of non-competition (' the Deed of Non-competition '),  entered into between the Controlling Shareholders and the Company during the year under review.

The independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the Controlling Shareholders' compliance with the Deed of Non-competition.

## STATUS UPDATE AS TO THE 34 BUILDING ORDERS

Reference  is  made  to  the  34  unreleased  building  orders  registered  against  our  leased  premises  in  the section  headed  'Business  -  Building  orders  and  fire  safety  directions  registered  against  our  leased premises' in the Prospectus. Among those 34 unreleased building orders, 17 of them were no longer the leased  premises  of  the  Group  as  at  the  date  of  this  report,  3  of  them  were  released,  12  of  them  have been  completed  with  rectification  works  and  are  subject  to  the  release  of  the  building  orders  while  the remaining  building  orders  are  still  being  followed  up,  including  those  that  we  are  unable  to  obtain  cooperation from the relevant landlord(s) or incorporated owners to carry out the relevant rectification works.

## EVENT AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

The  Board  is  not  aware  of  any  material  event  affecting  the  Group  since  the  end  of  the  reporting  period and up to the date of this report.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the Directors,  the  Company  has  maintained  a  sufficient  public  float  of  the  issued  Shares  (i.e.  at  least  25% of  the  issued  Shares  have  been  held  in  public  hands)  as  required  under  the  Listing  Rules  during  the  year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## Report of the Directors

## AUDITOR

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 24 August 2021, the Board had resolved, with recommendation from the Audit Committee, to propose the appointment of Zhonghui Anda CPA Limited as  the  new  auditor  of  the  Company  following  the  retirement  of  Ernst  &amp;  Young  at  the  2021  AGM  held on 28 September 2021. The Board was of the view that the change of auditor was consistent with good corporate  governance practice  and  would  also  enhance  the  independence  of  the  auditor.  Zhonghui  Anda CPA Limited has been appointed as the auditor of the Company at the 2021 AGM and to hold office until the conclusion of the next following annual general meeting of the Company.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 have been audited  by  ZHONGHUI  ANDA  CPA  Limited,  who  will  retire  and,  being  eligible,  offer  themselves  for  reappointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company..

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  were  no  other  changes  in  the  auditors  of  the  Company  during  the  past three years.

## ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

## Yeung Wai

Chairman

Hong Kong 29 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF FULUM GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Fulum Group Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively  referred  to  as  the  ' Group ')  set  out  on  pages  57  to  119,  which  comprise the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2022,  and  the  consolidated  statement of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  consolidated financial  position  of  the  Group  as  at  31  March  2022  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ')  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (the ' HKICPA ') and  have  been  properly  prepared  in  compliance  with  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (' HKSAs ')  issued  by  the HKICPA.  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for  Professional  Accountants  (the  ' Code '),  and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We  draw  attention  to  note  2  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  which  mentions  that  the  Group incurred  a  loss  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  of  approximately  HK$49,169,000  for  the  year ended 31 March 2022 and as at 31 March 2022 the Group had net current liabilities of HK$401,960,000. This  condition  indicates  a  material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In addition to the matter described in  the  Material  Uncertainty  Related  to  Going  Concern section, we have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets

## Refer to Note 17 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements

The  Group  tested  the  amount  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets  for  impairment. This impairment test is significant to our audit because the balance of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of HK$176,157,000 and HK$466,590,000 respectively as at 31 March 2022 is material to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  In  addition,  the  Group's  estimation  involves  application  of judgement and is based on assumptions and estimates.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- -Assessing the identification of the related cash generating units;
- -Assessing the arithmetical accuracy of the valuation model;
- -Assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  key  assumptions  (including  revenue  growth,  profit  margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates);
- -Obtaining  the  external  valuation  reports  and  discussion  with  the  external  valuer  to  discuss  and challenge the discount rate valuation process, methodologies used and market evidence to support significant judgments and assumptions applied in the valuation model;
- -Checking input data to supporting evidence.

We consider that the Group's impairment test of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets is supported by the available evidence.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information in  the  Company's  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the  consolidated  financial  statements  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that  includes  our  opinion.  We  report  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a  body,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is located at the HKICPA's website at:

http://www.hkicpa.org.hk/en/standards-and-regulations/standards/auditing-assurance/auditre/

This description forms part of our auditor's report.

## ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants

Sze Lin Tang Audit Engagement Director Practising Certificate Number P03614 Hong Kong, 29 June 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Revenue  8  1,450,074  1,172,682  Other income and gains, net  10  112,050  170,527  Cost of inventories sold  (514,641)  (385,932)  Staff costs  (479,727)  (388,778)  Property rentals and related expenses  (60,233)  (68,959)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (229,467)  (265,659)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (61,780)  (61,234)  Fuel and utility expenses  (87,991)  (85,825)  Other expenses  (141,493)  (126,180)  Share of loss in a joint venture  (3)  -  Losses from impairment/write-off of non-financial assets  (14,049)  (52,254)  Losses from impairment/write-off of financial assets  (506)  (4,222)  Finance costs  11  (20,669)  (26,071)  Loss before tax  (48,435)  (121,905)  Income tax expense  12  (734)  (287)  Loss for the year attributable to owners of the  Company  13  (49,169)  (122,192)  Other comprehensive income:  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  918  3,390  918  3,390  Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to  owners of the Company  (48,251)  (118,802)  Loss per share  - Basic and diluted (HK$ cent)  16  (3.78)  (9.40)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

## At 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  17  176,157  169,988  Right-of-use assets  19  466,590  601,877  Deposits and other receivables  22  71,533  54,726  714,280  826,591  Current assets  Inventories  20  77,878  93,382  Trade receivables  21  10,788  9,708  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  22  58,900  119,138  Amount due from a joint venture  18  2,763  -  Tax recoverable  2,769  12,194  Cash and cash equivalents  23  128,571  145,074  281,669  379,496  Current liabilities  Trade payables  24  58,234  51,711  Other payables, accruals and deferred income  25  103,680  126,714  Interest-bearing bank borrowings  26  239,996  177,758  Lease liabilities  27  270,834  320,320  Provision  28  8,911  12,205  Tax payable  1,974  1,780  683,629  690,488  Net current liabilities  (401,960)  (310,992)  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  312,320  515,599   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

## At 31 March 2022

| Notes  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Non-current liabilities  Accruals and deferred income  25  3,656  11,981  Lease liabilities  27  180,616  326,153  Provision  28  5,891  8,803  Deferred tax liabilities  29  470  570  190,633  347,507  NET ASSETS  121,687  168,092  Capital and reserves  Share capital  30  1,300  1,300  Reserves  31  120,387  166,792  TOTAL EQUITY  121,687  168,092   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 57 to 119 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

YEUNG WAI

Director

YEUNG YUN KEI Director

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Issued  capital  Share  premium  account  Other  reserves  Merger  reserves  Share  options  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note 31)  (Note 31)  (Note 31)  At 1 April 2020  1,300  540,140  (5,372)  31,073  -  (5,701)  (274,546)  286,894  Loss for the year (restated)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (122,192)  (122,192)  Other comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  -  3,390  -  3,390  Total comprehensive income/(loss)  for the year (restated)  -  -  -  -  -  3,390  (122,192)  (118,802)  At 31 March 2021 (restated)  1,300  540,140  (5,372)  31,073  -  (2,311)  (396,738)  168,092  At 1 April 2021  1,300  540,140  (5,372)  31,073  -  (2,311)  (442,851)  121,979  Effect of prior year adjustment  -  -  -  -  -  -  46,113  46,113  At 1 April 2021, as restated  1,300  540,140  (5,372)  31,073  -  (2,311)  (396,738)  168,092  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (49,169)  (49,169)  Other comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  -  -  918  -  918  Total comprehensive income/(loss)  for the year  -  -  -  -  -  918  (49,169)  (48,251)  Share-based payments  -  -  -  -  1,846  -  -  1,846  At 31 March 2022  1,300  540,140  (5,372)  31,073  1,846  (1,393)  (445,907)  121,687   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before tax  (48,435)  (121,905)  Adjustments for:  Interest income  (70)  (290)  Overprovision of reinstatement liabilities  (6,137)  (1,623)  Rent concessions related to COVID-19  (20,201)  (23,303)  Gain on lease termination  (9,748)  (3,395)  Share of loss in a joint venture  3  -  Finance costs  20,669  26,071  Impairment of trade receivables  506  -  Write-off of trade receivables  188  -  Write-off of other receivables  -  4,222  Fair value losses on investment properties  -  12,850  Fair value losses/(gain) on financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  400  (11,386)  Impairment of property, plant and equipment  5,100  15,617  Write-off of property, plant and equipment  458  1,992  Impairment of right-of-use assets  8,491  30,032  Write-off of right-of-use assets  -  4,613  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  (25,411)  (51,908)  Share based payment  1,846  -  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  61,780  61,234  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  229,467  265,659  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  218,906  208,480  Change in inventories  15,504  (8,161)  Change in trade receivables  (1,804)  (726)  Change in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  31,603  (2,829)  Change in trade payables  6,616  14,236  Change in other payables, accruals and deferred income  (30,099)  66,587  Change in provision  2,037  -  Cash generated from operations  242,763  277,587  Interest received  70  290  Income tax refunded/(paid)  8,200  (8,405)  Net cash generated from operating activities  251,033  269,472   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (73,652)  (76,765)  Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  (400)  -  Disposal of subsidiaries  (44)  (17)  Investment in a joint venture  (3)  -  Advance to a joint venture  (2,763)  -  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  -  22,153  Net cash used in investing activities  (76,862)  (54,629)  Cash flows from financing activities  New bank loans  25,488  108,788  Repayment of bank loans  (18,332)  (25,624)  Principal portion of lease payments  (233,340)  (246,862)  Interest paid  (20,669)  (26,071)  Net cash used in financing activities  (246,853)  (189,769)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (72,682)  25,074  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  145,074  116,412  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  1,097  3,588  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  73,489  145,074  Analysis of cash and cash equivalents  Bank and cash balances  128,571  145,074  Bank overdraft  (55,082)  -  73,489  145,074   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

Fulum  Group  Holdings  Limited  is  an  exempted  company  with  limited  liability  incorporated  in  the Cayman Islands on 24 February 2014. The address of the registered office of the Company is Cricket Square,  Hutchins  Drive,  P.O.  Box  2681,  Grand  Cayman,  KY1-1111,  Cayman  Islands.  The  principal place of business of the Company is located at 26/F, Capital Tower, 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong.

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company  and  the  Company's  subsidiaries  are  principally engaged in restaurant  operations  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the 'PRC' or 'Mainland China' ). The shares of the Company (the 'Shares' ) have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange' ) since 13 November 2014 (the 'Listing Date' ) (the 'Listing' ).

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars ( 'HK$' )  which is also the functional currency of the Company.

## 2. GOING CONCERN BASIS

The Group incurred a loss attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$49,169,000 for  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  as  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  net  current  liabilities of approximately HK$401,960,000. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the  Group  may  be  unable  to  realise  its  assets  and  discharge  its  liabilities  in  the  normal  course  of business.

The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial liabilities as and when they fall due given that (i) the Group will be able to raise fund  to  meet  a  level  sufficient  to  finance  the  working  capital  requirements  of  the  Group;  (ii)  the Group is negotiating with the landlords of the Group's leased properties for rent concessions; and (iii) the  Group  is  actively  implementing  cost-control  measures  to  improve  operating  cash  flows  and  its financial position and the directors of the Company believe that the performance of the Group will be significantly improved in the forthcoming year.

Accordingly,  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  of  the  opinion  that  it  is  appropriate  to  prepare  the consolidated  financial  statements  on  the  going  concern  basis.  Should  the  Group  be  unable  to continue  as  a  going  concern,  adjustments  would  have  to  be  made  to  the  consolidated  financial statements,  to  write  down  the  value  of  assets  to  their  recoverable  amounts,  to  provide  for  further liabilities  which  might arise and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets  and  current  liabilities,  respectively.  The  effect  of  these  adjustments  has  not  been  reflected  in the consolidated financial statements.

## 3. ADOPTION  OF  NEW  AND  REVISED  HONG  KONG  FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  all  the  new  and  revised  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting Standards  (the 'HKFRSs' )  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (the 'HKICPA' )  that  are  relevant  to  its  operations  and  effective  for  its  accounting  year  beginning  on  1 April  2021.  HKFRSs comprise Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the 'HKFRS' );  Hong  Kong Accounting  Standards  (the 'HKAS' );  and  Interpretations.  The  adoption  of  these  new  and  revised HKFRSs did not result in significant changes to the Group's accounting policies, presentation of the Group's financial statements and amounts reported for the current year and prior years.

The  Group  has  not  applied  the  new  HKFRSs  that  have  been  issued  but  are  not  yet  effective.  The application  of  these  new  HKFRSs  will  not  have  material  impact  on  the  financial  statements  of  the Group.

## 4. PRIOR YEAR ADJUSTMENT

The  Group  disposed  of  its  entire  interests  in  certain  subsidiaries  during  the  year  ended  31  March 2021  but  continued  to  recognised  the  lease  liabilities  of  the  disposed  subsidiaries  as  the  liabilities of the Group. The directors of the Company re-assessed the obligation of the lease liabilities of the disposed  subsidiaries  based  on  latest  information  obtained  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022. As  a  result,  adjustments  have  been  made  to  the  gain  on  disposal  of  subsidiaries  of  approximately HK$46,113,000 and the corresponding liabilities in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2021 and in the consolidated statement of financial position for the year ended 31 March 2021, respectively.

Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2021

| As previously  reported  Prior period  adjustments  As restated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other payables, accruals and deferred  income  172,827  (46,113)  126,714  Accumulated losses  (442,851)  46,113  (396,738)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  ended  31 March 2021

| As previously  reported  Prior period  adjustments  As restated  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other expenses  (172,293)  46,113  (126,180)  Loss for the year attributable to owners of  the Company  (168,305)  46,113  (122,192)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  attributable to owners of the Company  (164,915)  46,113  (118,802)  Loss per share (Basic and diluted (HK$ cent))  (12.95)  3.55  (9.40)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by the HKICPA, and the applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain key assumptions and estimates. It also requires the directors to exercise its judgements in the process of applying the accounting policies. The areas involving critical judgements and areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to these consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

The  significant  accounting  policies  applied  in  the  preparation  of  these  consolidated  financial statements are set out below.

## Consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries  made  up  to  31  March.  Subsidiaries  are  entities  over  which  the  Group  has  control.  The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  over  the  entity.  The Group has power over an entity when the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity's returns.

When assessing  control,  the  Group  considers  its  potential  voting  rights  as  well  as  potential  voting rights  held  by  other  parties,  to  determine  whether  it  has  control.  A  potential  voting  right  is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise that right.

Subsidiaries  are  consolidated  from  the  date  on  which  control  is  transferred  to  the  Group.  They  are de-consolidated from the date the control ceases.

The  gain  or  loss  on  the  disposal  of  a  subsidiary  that  results  in  a  loss  of  control  represents  the difference  between  (i)  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  of  the  sale  plus  the  fair  value  of  any investment  retained  in  that  subsidiary  and  (ii)  the  Company's  share  of  the  net  assets  of  that subsidiary  plus  any  remaining  goodwill  relating  to  that  subsidiary  and  any  related  accumulated translation reserve.

Intragroup  transactions,  balances  and  unrealised  profits  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also eliminated  unless  the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  asset  transferred. Accounting  policies  of  subsidiaries  have  been  changed  where  necessary  to  ensure  consistency  with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling  interests  represent  the  equity  in  subsidiaries  not  attributable,  directly  or  indirectly, to  the  Company.  Non-controlling  interests  are  presented  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position  and  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  within  equity.  Non-controlling  interests are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between the non-controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Consolidation (continued)

Profit  or  loss  and  each  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  are  attributed  to  the  owners of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  shareholders  even  if  this  results  in  the  non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Changes in the Company's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are  accounted for  as  equity  transactions  (i.e.  transactions  with  owners  in  their  capacity  as  owners). The  carrying  amounts  of  the  controlling  and  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the changes  in  their  relative  interests  in  the  subsidiary.  Any  difference  between  the  amount  by  which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

## Joint arrangements

A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Joint control is  the  contractually  agreed  sharing  of  control  of  an  arrangement,  which  exists  only  when  decisions about the relevant activities  require  the  unanimous  consent  of  the  parties  sharing  control.  Relevant activities  are  activities  that  significantly  affect  the  returns  of  the  arrangement.  When  assessing  joint control,  the  Group  considers  its  potential  voting  rights  as  well  as  potential  voting  rights  held  by other parties, to determine whether it has joint control. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise that right.

A  joint  arrangement  is  either  a  joint  operation  or  a  joint  venture.  A  joint  operation  is  a  joint arrangement  whereby  the  parties  that  have  joint  control  of  the  arrangement  have  rights  to  the assets,  and  obligations  for  the  liabilities,  relating  to  the  arrangement.  A  joint  venture  is  a  joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

In  relation  to  its  interest  in  a  joint  operation,  the  Group  recognises  in  its  consolidated  financial statements,  its  assets,  including  its  share  of  any  assets  held  jointly;  its  liabilities,  including  its  share of  any  liabilities  incurred  jointly;  its  revenue  from  the  sale  of  its  share  of  the  output  arising  from the joint operation; its share of the revenue from the sale of the output by the joint operation; and its  expenses,  including  its  share  of  any  expenses  incurred  jointly,  in  accordance  with  the  HKFRSs applicable to the particular assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.

Investment in a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method  and  is  initially  recognised  at  cost.  Identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  joint  venture  in an  acquisition  are  measured  at  their  fair  values  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  excess  of  the  cost  of acquisition over the Group's share of the net fair value of the joint venture's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. The goodwill is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is tested for impairment together with the investment at the end of each reporting period when there  is  objective  evidence  that  the  investment  is  impaired.  Any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the net  fair  value  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  over  the  cost  of  acquisition  is  recognised  in consolidated profit or loss.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Joint arrangements (continued)

The Group's share of a joint venture's post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in consolidated profit  or  loss,  and  its  share  of  the  post-acquisition  movements  in  reserves  is  recognised  in  the consolidated reserves.  The  cumulative  post-acquisition  movements  are  adjusted  against  the  carrying amount  of  the  investment.  When  the  Group's  share  of  losses  in  a  joint  venture  equals  or  exceeds its  interest  in  the  joint  venture,  including  any  other  unsecured  receivables,  the  Group  does  not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint venture. If the joint venture subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.

The  gain  or  loss  on  the  disposal  of  a  joint  venture  that  results  in  a  loss  of  joint  control  represents the  difference  between  (i)  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  of  the  sale  plus  the  fair  value  of  any investment  retained  in  that  joint  venture  and  (ii)  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  assets  of  that  joint venture  plus  any  remaining  goodwill  relating  to  that  joint  venture  and  any  related  accumulated foreign  currency  translation  reserve.  If  an  investment  in  a  joint  venture  becomes  an  investment  in an associate, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.

Unrealised  profits  on  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its  joint  ventures  are  eliminated  to  the extent of the Group's interests in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of joint ventures have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

## Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  Group's  entities  are  measured using  the  currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  (the 'functional currency' ). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company's presentation currency and functional currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances in each entity's financial statements

Transactions  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  into  the  functional  currency  on  initial recognition  using  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  on  the  transaction  dates.  Monetary  assets and  liabilities  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  exchange  rates  at  the  end  of  each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair values in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.

When a gain  or  loss  on  a  non-monetary  item  is  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income, any  exchange  component  of  that  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income. When  a  gain  or  loss  on  a  non-monetary  item  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  any  exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Foreign currency translation (continued)

## (c) Translation on consolidation

The  results  and  financial  position  of  all  the  group  entities  that  have  a  functional  currency different  from  the  Company's  presentation  currency  are  translated  into  the  Company's presentation currency as follows:

- -Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
- -Income  and  expenses  are  translated  at  average  exchange  rates  (unless  this  average  is not  a  reasonable  approximation  of  the  cumulative  effect  of  the  rates  prevailing  on  the transaction  dates,  in  which  case  income  and  expenses  are  translated  at  the  exchange rates on the transaction dates); and
- -All resulting exchange differences are recognised in the translation reserve.

On  consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net  investment  in foreign  entities  and  of  borrowings  are  recognised  in  the  translation  reserve.  When  a  foreign operation  is  sold,  such  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  consolidated  profit  or  loss  as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity  are  treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.  The  cost  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  comprises  its  purchase  price  and  any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset, as  appropriate,  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future  economic  benefits  associated  with  the  item will  flow  to  the  Group  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be  measured  reliably.  All  other  repairs  and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Property, plant and equipment (continued)

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less  their  residual  values  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  or  annual  rate  on  a  straight-line  basis.  The principal annual rates are as follows:

| Buildings  2.3%  Leasehold improvements  Over the shorter of the lease terms and the range of 14.3% to 16.7%  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  20%  Computer equipment  30%  Air conditioning  20%  Kitchen equipment  30%  Motor vehicles  30%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

The  gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  the  difference  between  the  net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Leases

## The Group as lessee

Leases  are  recognised  as  right-of-use  assets  and  corresponding  lease  liabilities  when  the  leased assets  are  available  for  use  by  the  Group.  Right-of-use  assets  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Depreciation of right-of-use assets is calculated at rates to write off  their  cost  over  the  shorter  of  the  asset's  useful  life  and  the  lease  term  on  a  straight-line  basis. The principal annual rates are as follows:

| Leasehold land  44 years  Buildings  2 to 12 years  Motor vehicles  3 to 5 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost  comprising  the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement  of  the lease  liabilities,  lease  payments  prepaid,  initial  direct  costs  and  the  restoration  costs.  Lease  liabilities include  the  net  present  value  of  the  lease  payments  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in the  lease  if  that  rate  can  be  determined,  or  otherwise  the  Group's  incremental  borrowing  rate. Each lease  payment  is  allocated  between  the  liability  and  finance  cost.  The  finance  cost  is  charged to  profit  or  loss  over  the  lease  term  so  as  to  produce  a  constant  periodic  rate  of  interest  on  the remaining balance of the lease liability.

Payments  associated  with  short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  are  recognised  as expenses in  profit  or  loss  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  terms.  Short-term  leases  are  leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets are assets of value below US$5,000.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Leases (continued)

## The Group as lessor

Operating leases

Leases  that  do  not  substantially  transfer  to  the  lessees  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of assets are accounted for as operating leases. Rental income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.

## Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Cost  is  determined  using  the weighted average basis.  The  cost  of  finished  goods  and  work  in  progress  comprises  raw  materials, direct  labour  and  an  appropriate  proportion  of  all  production  overhead  expenditure,  and  where appropriate, subcontracting charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course  of  business,  less  the  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  the  estimated  costs  necessary  to make the sale.

## Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial  assets  are  derecognised  when  the  contractual  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  assets expire; the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets; or the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets but  has  not  retained  control  on  the  assets.  On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset,  the  difference between  the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  is  recognised  in profit or loss.

Financial  liabilities  are  derecognised  when  the  obligation  specified  in  the  relevant  contract  is discharged, cancelled or expires. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial assets

Financial  assets  are  recognised  and  derecognised  on  a  trade  date  basis  where  the  purchase  or sale  of  an  asset  is  under  a  contract  whose  terms  require  delivery  of  the  asset  within  the  time frame  established  by  the  market  concerned,  and  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  plus  directly attributable  transaction  costs  except  in  the  case  of  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or loss  (the 'Financial  assets  at  FVTPL' ).  Transaction  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of investments at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Financial assets (continued)

Financial assets of the Group are classified under the following categories:

- -Financial assets at amortised cost;
- -Financial assets at FVTPL
- (i) Financial assets at amortised cost

Financial assets (including trade and other receivables) are classified under this category if they satisfy both of the following conditions:

- -the assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- -the  contractual  terms  of  the  assets  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method less loss allowance for expected credit losses.

- (ii) Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial  assets  are  classified  under  this  category  if  they  do  not  meet  the  conditions  to  be measured  at  amortised  cost  and  the  conditions  of  debt  instruments  at  FVTOCI  unless  the Group  designates  an  equity  investment  that  is  not  held  for  trading  as  at  fair  value  through other comprehensive income on initial recognition.

Financial  assets  at  FVTPL  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  with  any  gains  or  losses arising  from  changes  in  fair  values  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  fair  value  gains  or  losses recognised  in  profit  or  loss  are  net  of  any  interest  income  and  dividend  income.  Interest income and dividend income are recognised in profit or loss.

## Loss allowances for expected credit losses

The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets at amortised cost. Expected credit losses are the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  measures  the  loss  allowance  for  a  financial instrument  at  an  amount  equal  to  the  expected  credit  losses  that  result  from  all  possible  default events  over  the  expected  life  of  that  financial  instrument  ( 'lifetime  expected  credit  losses' )  for trade  receivables,  or  if  the  credit  risk  on  that  financial  instrument  has  increased  significantly  since initial recognition.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Loss allowances for expected credit losses (continued)

If,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  (other  than  trade receivables)  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  the  loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime expected credit losses  that  represents  the  expected  credit  losses  that  result  from  default  events  on  that  financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting period.

The  amount  of  expected  credit  losses  or  reversal  to  adjust  the  loss  allowance  at  the  end  of  the reporting period to the required amount is recognised in profit or loss as an impairment gain or loss.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  purpose  of  the  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  represent  cash  at  bank and  on  hand,  demand  deposits  with  banks  and  other  financial  institutions,  and  short-term  highly liquid  investments  which  are  readily  convertible  into  known  amounts  of  cash  and  subject  to  an insignificant  risk  of  change  in  value.  Bank  overdrafts  which  are  repayable  on  demand  and  form  an integral  part  of  the  Group's  cash  management  are  also  included  as  a  component  of  cash  and  cash equivalents.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under HKFRSs. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group  after  deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  The  accounting  policies  adopted  for  specific  financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out below.

## Borrowings

Borrowings  and  long-term  loan  note  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  net  of  transaction  costs incurred, and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings  and  long-term  loan  note  are  classified  as  current  liabilities  unless  the  Group  has  an unconditional  right  to  defer  settlement  of  the  liability  for  at  least  12  months  after  the  reporting period.

## Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value  and  subsequently  measured  at amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method  unless  the  effect  of  discounting  would  be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

## Equity instruments

Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  is  measured  based  on  the  consideration  specified  in  a  contract  with  a  customer  with reference  to  the  customary  business  practices  and  excludes  amounts  collected  on  behalf  of  third parties. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the  promised  product  or  service  exceeds  one  year,  the  consideration  is  adjusted  for  the  effect  of  a significant financing component.

The  Group  recognises  revenue  when  it  satisfies  a  performance  obligation  by  transferring  control over  a  product  or  service  to  a  customer.  Depending  on  the  terms  of  a  contract  and  the  laws  that apply to that contract, a performance obligation can be satisfied over time or at a point in time. A performance obligation is satisfied over time if:

- -the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance;
- -the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or
- -the  Group's  performance  does  not  create  an  asset  with  an  alternative  use  to  the  Group  and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

If  a  performance obligation is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the product or service.

## (i) Restaurant operations

Revenue  from  restaurant  operations  is  recognised  at  the  point  in  time  when  control  of  the asset is transferred to the customer being the point in time when the customer purchases the goods at the restaurants.

The Group's loyalty programme allows customers to accumulate points that can be redeemed for products. The loyalty points give rise to a separate performance obligation as they provide a  material  right  to  the  customer.  A  portion  of  the  transaction  price  is  allocated  to  the  loyalty points  awarded  to  customers  based  on  relative  stand-alone  selling  price  and  recognised  as  a contract  liability  until  the  points  are  redeemed.  Revenue  is  recognised  upon  redemption  of products by the customer.

When estimating  the  stand-alone  selling  price  of  the  loyalty  points,  the  Group  considers  the likelihood  that  the  customer  will  redeem  the  points.  The  Group  updates  its  estimates  of  the points that will be redeemed and any adjustments to the contract liability balance are charged against revenue.

## (ii) Sale of food and other operating items

- Revenue from the sale of food and other operating items are recognised at the point in time when  control  of  the  asset  is  transferred  to  the  customer,  generally  being  the  point  in  time when the customer purchases the goods at shops or upon delivery of the goods.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Other revenue

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

Sponsorship  income  is  recognised  when  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  sponsorship  income will  be  received  and  all  attaching  conditions  will  be  complied  with.  Where  the  sponsorship  income relates  to  an  asset,  the  fair  value  is  credited  to  a  deferred  income  account  and  is  released  to  the statement  of  profit  or  loss  over  the  expected  useful  life  of  the  relevant  asset  by  equal  annual instalments.

Licensing  income  is  recognised  on  a  time  proportion  basis  over  the  lease  terms.  Variable  lease payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate  are  recognised  as  income  in  the  accounting period in which they are incurred.

Food  court  income  included:  fixed  rental  income  from  the  sub-lease  of  food  courts,  which  is recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  term,  and  the  variable  portion  of  the  rental income, which is computed based on a percentage of the food court tenant's gross sales recognised when  such  sales  are  earned;  and  income  from  food  court  operation  services,  which  is  recognised over the scheduled period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

## Employee benefits

## (a) Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave  as  a  result  of  services  rendered  by  employees  up  to  the  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period.

Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

## (b) Pension obligations

The  Group  contributes  to  defined  contribution  retirement  schemes  which  are  available  to  all employees.  Contributions  to  the  schemes  by  the  Group  and  employees  are  calculated  as  a percentage of employees' basic salaries. The retirement benefit scheme cost charged in profit or loss represents contributions payable by the Group to the funds.

## (c) Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves the payment of termination benefits.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Share-based payments

The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors and employees.

Equity-settled  share-based  payments  to  directors  and  employees  are  measured  at  the  fair  value (excluding the effect of non market-based vesting conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share- based payments is expensed on a straight-line  basis  over  the  vesting  period,  based  on  the  Group's  estimate  of  shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non market-based vesting conditions.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying assets,  which  are  assets  that  necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get  ready  for  their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are  substantially  ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale.  Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary investment  of  specific  borrowings  pending  their  expenditure  on  qualifying  assets  is  deducted  from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset,  the  amount  of  borrowing  costs  eligible  for  capitalisation  is  determined  by  applying  a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of  the  borrowing  costs  applicable  to  the  borrowings  of  the  Group  that  are  outstanding  during  the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

A  government  grant  is  recognised  when  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  Group  will  comply with the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.

Government grants relating to income are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period to match them with the costs they are intended to compensate.

Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or  for  the  purpose  of  giving  immediate  financial  support  to  the  Group  with  no  future  related  costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

Government  grants  relating  to  the  purchase  of  assets  are  recorded  as  deferred  income  and recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Taxation

Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  profit recognised  in  profit  or  loss  because  it  excludes  items  of  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or deductible  in  other  years  and  it  further  excludes  items  that  are  never  taxable  or  deductible.  The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally  recognised  for  all  taxable  temporary  differences and  deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will  be available  against  which  deductible  temporary  differences,  unused  tax  losses  or  unused  tax  credits can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill  or  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a  business  combination)  of  other  assets  and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries  and  associates  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the  temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The  carrying  amount  of  deferred  tax  assets  is  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

The  measurement  of  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  reflects  the  tax  consequences  that  would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  set  off current  tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Segment reporting

Operating  segments  and  the  amounts  of  each  segment  item  reported  in  the  financial  statements are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group's most senior executive management for the purpose of allocating resources and assessing the performance of the Group's various lines of business.

Individually  material  operating  segments  are  not  aggregated  for  financial  reporting  purposes unless  the  segments  have  similar  economic  characteristics  and  are  similar  in  respect  of  the  nature of  products  and  services,  the  nature  of  productions  processes,  the  type  or  class  of  customers,  the methods  used  to  distribute  the  products  or  provide  the  services,  and  the  nature  of  the  regulatory environment.  Operating  segments  which  are  not  individually  material  may  be  aggregated  if  they share a majority of these criteria.

## Related parties

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the Group.

- (a) A person or a close member of that person 's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management personnel of the Company or of a parent of the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group (reporting entity) if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The entity  and  the  Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity  is  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  the  other  entity  (or  an  associate  or  joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of  either the  Group  or  an  entity  related  to  the  Group.  If  the  Group  is  itself  such  a  plan,  the sponsoring employers are also related to the Group.
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management personnel services to the Company or to a parent of the Company.

## 5. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

## Impairment of assets

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  tangible  and intangible  assets  except  goodwill,  inventories,  tax  recoverable,  deferred  tax  assets  and  receivables, to  determine  whether there is  any  indication  that  those  assets  have  suffered  an  impairment  loss.  If any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset  is  estimated  in  order  to  determine the extent of any impairment loss. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual  asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which the asset belongs.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In  assessing value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pretax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  or  cash-generating  unit  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Where  an  impairment  loss  subsequently  reverses,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  or  cashgenerating  unit  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of amortisation or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or cashgenerating  unit  in  prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is  recognised  immediately  in  profit or  loss,  unless  the  relevant  asset  is  carried  at  a  revalued  amount,  in  which  case  the  reversal  of  the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase.

## Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal  or  constructive  obligation  arising  as  a  result  of  a  past  event,  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  a  reliable  estimate  can  be  made. Where  the  time  value  of  money  is  material,  provisions  are  stated  at  the  present  value  of  the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.

Where  it  is  not  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic  benefits  will  be  required,  or  the  amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is remote.

## Events after the reporting period

Events  after  the  reporting  period  that  provide  additional  information  about  the  Group's  position at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  or  those  that  indicate  the  going  concern  assumption  is  not appropriate  are  adjusting  events  and  are  reflected  in  the  financial  statements.  Events  after  the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.

## 6. CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES

## Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## (a) Going concern

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis, the  validity  of  which  depends  upon  (i)  the  Group  will  be  able  to  raise  fund  to  meet  a level  sufficient  to  finance  the  working  capital  requirements  of  the  Group;  (ii)  the  Group  is negotiating  with  the  landlords  of  the  Group's  leased  properties  for  rent  concessions  in  view of  the  adverse  impact  of  the  outbreak  of  COVID-19  on  the  Group's  operations;  and  (iii)  the Group  is  actively  implementing  cost-control  and  cost  saving  measures  to  improve  operating cash  flows  and  its  financial  position  and  the  directors  of  the  Company  believe  that  the performance  of  the  Group  will  be  significantly  improved  in  the  forthcoming  year.  Details  are explained in note 2 to consolidated financial statements.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end  of  the  reporting  period,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.

Property,  plant  and  equipment and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  exceeds its  recoverable  amount.  The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  with  reference  to  the  present value  of  estimated  future  cash  flows.  Where  the  future  cash  flows  are  less  than  expected  or there are unfavourable events and change in facts and circumstance which result in revision of

- (a) Impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets future estimate cash flows, a material impairment loss may arise.
- (b) Property, plant and equipment and depreciation The  Group  determines  the  estimated  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  related  depreciation charges for the Group's property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience  of  the  actual  useful  lives  and  residual  values  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  of similar nature and functions. The Group will revise the depreciation charge where useful lives and  residual  values  are  different  to  those  previously  estimated,  or  it  will  write-off  or  writedown technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.
- (c) Provision of expected credit losses for trade and other receivables

The Group uses provision matrix to calculate expected credit losses for certain trade and other receivables.  The  provision  rates  are  based  on  internal  credit  ratings  as  groupings  of  various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group's historical default  rates  taking  into  consideration  forward-looking  information  that  is  reasonable  and supportable  available  without  undue  costs  or  effort.  At  every  reporting  date,  the  historical observed  default  rates  are  reassessed  and  changes  in  the  forward-looking  information  are

- considered.

## 6. CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

- (d) Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The  Group  cannot  readily  determine  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  a  lease,  and  therefore,  it uses  an  incremental  borrowing  rate  ( 'IBR' )  to  measure  lease  liabilities.  The  IBR  is  the  rate of  interest  that  the  Group  would  have  to  pay  to  borrow  over  a  similar  term,  and  with  a similar  security,  the  funds  necessary  to  obtain  an  asset  of  a  similar  value  to  the  right-of-use asset  in  a  similar  economic  environment.  The  IBR  therefore  reflects  what  the  Group  'would have  to  pay',  which  requires  estimation  when  no  observable  rates  are  available  (such  as  for subsidiaries  that  do  not  enter  into  financing  transactions)  or  when  it  needs  to  be  adjusted to  reflect  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  lease  (for  example,  when  leases  are  not  in  the subsidiary's functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating).

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Group's  activities  expose  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks:  foreign  currency  risk,  interest  rate risk,  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  Group's  overall  risk  management  programme  focuses  on  the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group's financial performance.

## (a) Foreign currency risk

The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets  and  liabilities  are  principally  denominated  in  the  functional  currencies  of  the  Group entities  which  is  HK$.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy in  respect  of  foreign  currency  transactions,  assets  and  liabilities.  The  Group  will  monitor its  foreign  currency  exposure  closely  and  will  consider  hedging  significant  foreign  currency exposure should the need arise.

## (b) Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  future  cash  flows  of  a  financial  instrument  will  fluctuate because of  changes  in  market  interest  rates.  The  Group's  exposure  to  the  risk  of  changes  in market  interest  rates  relates  primarily  to  the  Group's  interest-bearing  bank  borrowings  with floating  interest  rates.  The  Group's  policy  is  to  obtain  the  most  favourable  interest  rates available for its borrowings.

For  Hong  Kong  dollar  floating-rate  borrowings,  assuming  that  the  amount  of  liability outstanding  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  was  outstanding  for  the  whole  year  with  all other variables held constant, a 50 basis point increase/decrease in interest rates at 31 March 2022 and 2021 would have increased/decreased the Group's loss before tax by HK$925,000 and HK$889,000, respectively.

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (c) Credit risk

The  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  which  will  cause  a  financial  loss  to  the  Group is  arising  from  the  amount  of  each  class  of  financial  assets  as  disclosed  in  the  consolidated statement  of  financial  position.  The  Group  does  not  hold  any  collateral  or  other  credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses ( 'ECLs' ) for all debt instruments not  held  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  ECLs  are  based  on  the  difference  between  the contractual  cash  flows  due  in  accordance  with  the  contract  and  all  the  cash  flows  that  the Group  expects  to  receive,  discounted  at  an  approximation  of  the  original  effective  interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs  are  recognised  in  two  stages.  For  credit  exposures  for  which  there  has  not  been  a significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  ECLs  are  provided  for  credit  losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For  those  credit  exposures  for  which  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since initial  recognition,  a  loss  allowance  is  required  for  credit  losses  expected  over  the  remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition.  When  making  the  assessment,  the  Group compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  reporting date  with  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the  financial  instrument  as  at  the  date  of  initial recognition  and  considers  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is  available  without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when  internal  or  external  information  indicates  that  the  Group  is  unlikely  to  receive  the outstanding  contractual  amounts  in  full  before  taking  into  account  any  credit  enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (c) Credit risk (continued)

## General approach (continued)

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subject  to  impairment  under  the  general  approach  and they  are  classified  within  the  following  stages  for  measurement  of  ECLs  except  for  trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

| - Stage 1 Financial  instruments  for  which  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly since  initial  recognition  and  for  which  the  loss  allowance  is  measured  at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs  - Stage 2 Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial  recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs  - Stage 3 Financial  assets  that  are  credit-impaired  at  the  reporting  date  (but  that are  not  purchased  or  originated  credit-impaired)  and  for  which  the  loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Simplified approach

For  trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  when  the Group  applies  the  practical  expedient  of  not  adjusting  the  effect  of  a  significant  financing component,  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  in  calculating  ECLs.  Under  the simplified  approach,  the  Group  does  not  track  changes  in  credit  risk,  but  instead  recognises a  loss  allowance  based  on  lifetime  ECLs  at  each  reporting  date.  The  Group  has  established a  provision  matrix  that  is  based  on  its  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  forwardlooking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

For  lease  receivables,  the  Group  chooses  as  its  accounting  policy  to  adopt  the  simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The  tables  below  show  the  credit  quality  and  the  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  based on  the  Group's  credit  policy,  which  is  mainly  based  on  past  due  information  unless  other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 March. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (c) Credit risk (continued)

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

As at 31 March 2022

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Simplified  approach  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  22,983  22,983  Financial assets  included in  prepayments,  deposits and other  receivables  - Normal**  126,316  -  -  -  126,316  - Doubtful**  -  6,600  -  -  6,600  Cash and cash  equivalents  - Not past due  128,571  -  -  -  128,571  254,887  6,600  -  22,983  284,470   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2021

| 12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Simplified  approach  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  21,585  21,585  Financial assets  included in  prepayments,  deposits and other  receivables  - Normal**  161,558  -  -  -  161,558  - Doubtful**  -  13,472  -  -  13,472  Cash and cash  equivalents  - Not past due  145,074  -  -  -  145,074  306,632  13,472  -  21,585  341,689   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For  trade  receivables  to  which  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  for  impairment,  information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

** The  credit  quality  of  the  financial  assets  included  in  prepayments,  deposits  and  other  receivables  is considered to be 'normal' when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial  assets  had  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  Otherwise,  the  credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (c) Credit risk (continued)

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

The Group has a certain concentration of credit risk as certain of the Group's trade receivables were due from the Group's largest debtor and the five largest debtors as detailed below.

| 2022  2021  %  %  Largest debtor  13  23  Five largest debtors  47  50   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Liquidity risk

In  order  to  manage liquidity risk,  the  Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the  effects  of  fluctuations  in  cash  flows.  The  Group  regularly  reviews  its  major  funding positions to ensure that it has adequate financial resources in meeting its financial obligations.

The maturity analysis, based on undiscounted cash flows, of the Group's financial liabilities is as follows:

| Less than  1 year  Between  1 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 March 2022  Trade payables  58,234  -  -  58,234  Financial liabilities included  in other payables,  accruals and deferred  income  83,923  1,850  -  85,773  Interest-bearing bank  borrowings  239,996  -  -  239,996  Lease liabilities  286,536  167,861  27,935  482,332  668,689  169,711  27,935  866,335   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (d) Liquidity risk (continued)

| Less than  1 year  Between  1 to 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  (Restated)  31 March 2021  Trade payables  51,711  -  -  51,711  Financial liabilities included  in other payables,  accruals and deferred  income  110,131  5,400  -  115,531  Interest-bearing bank  borrowings*  177,758  -  -  177,758  Lease liabilities  338,305  309,528  25,731  673,564  677,905  314,928  25,731  1,018,564   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* I ncluded  in  interest-bearing  bank  borrowings  are  bank  loans  of  HK$103,213,000  (2021: HK$93,082,000) containing a repayment on demand clause giving the lender the unconditional right to call  the  loan  at  any  time  and  therefore,  for  the  purpose  of  the  above  maturity  profile,  these  amounts are classified as 'on demand'.

Notwithstanding  the  above  repayment  on  demand  clause,  the  directors  of  the  Company  do not  believe  that  the  bank  loans  will  be  called  in  their  entirety  within  12  months,  and  they consider  that  the  bank  loans  will  be  repaid  in  accordance  with  the  maturity  dates  as  set  out in the bank loan agreements. This evaluation was made considering: the bank loans are fully guaranteed by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, and the fact that the Group has made all previously scheduled repayments on time. In accordance with the terms  of  the  bank  loans,  their  maturity  terms  at  31  March  2022  are  HK$62,336,000  (2021: HK$42,924,000) repayable within one year; HK$22,896,000 (2021: HK$52,992,000) repayable in  the  second  year;  HK$138,167,000  (2021:  HK$23,985,000)  repayable  in  the  third  to  fifth years, inclusive; and HK$29,507,000 (2021: HK$71,165,000) repayable over five years.

## 7. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

## (e) Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets:  Financial assets at amortised cost (including cash and  cash equivalents)  268,438  323,212  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  835,453  991,473   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (f) Fair values

The carrying amounts of the Group's financial assets and financial liabilities at amortised cost as  reflected  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  approximate  their  respective fair values.

## 8. REVENUE

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  Restaurant operations  1,361,735  1,099,974  Sale of food and other operating items  88,339  72,708  Total revenue from contracts with customers and recognised  at a point in time  1,450,074  1,172,682   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Geographical markets  Hong Kong  1,356,509  1,060,523  PRC  93,565  112,159  1,450,074  1,172,682   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. REVENUE (continued)

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Restaurant operations

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  promised  goods, being the point in time when the customer purchases the goods at the restaurants. Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at the point when the customer purchases the goods.

## Sale of food and other operating items

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  promised  goods, being  the  point  in  time  when  the  customer  purchases  the  goods  at  the  shops  or  upon  delivery  of the goods. Payment is generally due at the point when the customer purchases the goods at shops or within 30 to 60 days from delivery.

## 9. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Management  has  determined  the  operating  segments  based  on  the  reports  reviewed  by  the  chief operating decision-maker (the 'CODM' ). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segment, has been identified as the executive directors.

The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  restaurant  operations  in  Hong  Kong  and  Mainland  China. Information  reported  to  the  Group's  management  for  the  purpose  of  resource  allocation  and performance assessment, focuses on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group's resources  are  integrated  and  no  discrete  operating  segment  financial  information  is  available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.

## Information about geographical areas

The following tables present certain non-current asset information, by geographical areas.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  586,206  707,667  PRC  56,541  64,198  642,747  771,865   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  non-current  asset  information  above  is  based  on  the  locations  of  the  assets  and  excludes financial assets and deferred tax assets.

## Information about major customers

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  and  2021,  none  of  the  Group's  individual  customer contributed more than 10% to the total revenue of the Group.

## 10.  OTHER INCOME AND GAINS, NET

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest income  70  290  Licensing income  655  935  Food court income  36,399  6,430  Sponsorship income  2,477  3,502  Government subsidies  (1)  29,622  128,027  Rent concessions related to COVID-19  (2)  20,201  23,303  Gain on lease termination  9,748  3,395  Overprovision of reinstatement liabilities  6,137  1,623  Others  6,741  3,022  112,050  170,527   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (1) Government  subsidies  of  HK$29,622,000  (2021:  HK$128,027,000)  were  granted  during  the  year  ended  31 March  2022  by  the  Government  of  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region  under  the  Anti-Epidemic Fund. There are no unfulfilled conditions and other contingencies attached to the receipts of those subsidies. There is no assurance that the Group will continue to receive such subsidies in the future.
- (2) The  Group  has  applied  the  practical  expedient  not  to  assess  whether  a  rent  concession  occurring  as  a  direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic is a lease modification.

## 11.  FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on bank overdrafts and bank loans  4,603  4,081  Interest on lease liabilities  16,066  21,990  20,669  26,071   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong Profits Tax:  - Current tax  773  -  - Overprovision in prior years  -  (279)  PRC Enterprise Income Tax (  'EIT'  ):  - Current tax  61  566  Deferred tax (note 29):  (100)  -  734  287   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Hong  Kong  profits  tax  has  been  provided  at  the  rate  of  16.5%  (2021:  16.5%)  on  the  estimated assessable  profits  arising  in  Hong  Kong  during  the  year,  except  for  one  subsidiary  of  the  Group which is a qualifying entity under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The first HK$2,000,000 (2021: HK$2,000,000)  of  assessable  profits  of  this  subsidiary  are  taxed  at  8.25%  (2021:  8.25%)  and  the remaining assessable profits are taxed at 16.5% (2021: 16.5%).

Taxes on profits assessable in Mainland China have been calculated at the rate of 25% (2021: 25%) during the year.

The  taxation  charge  for  the  year  can  be  reconciled  to  the  loss  before  taxation  per  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Loss before tax  (48,435)  (121,905)  Tax at the applicable income tax rate of 16.5% (2021:  16.5%)  (7,992)  (20,114)  Tax effect of income not taxable and expenses not deductible  for tax purposes  7,215  (19,100)  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  10,263  42,199  Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (8,338)  (3,428)  Difference in tax rates applied for specific provinces in  Mainland China  (414)  (798)  Overprovision in prior years  -  (279)  Others  -  1,807  734  287   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

The Group's loss for the year is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Auditor's remuneration  2,300  2,656  Cost of inventories sold  514,641  385,932  Expenses related to short-term leases  3,634  10,442  Expenses related to variable lease payments not included in  lease liabilities  3,807  913  Fair value losses on investment properties  -  12,850  Fair value losses/(gain), net-financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  400  (11,386)  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries included in other expenses  (25,411)  (51,908)  Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment  5,100  15,617  Write-off of items of property, plant and equipment  458  1,992  Impairment of right-of-use assets  8,491  30,032  Write-off of right-of-use assets  -  4,613  Impairment of trade receivables  506  -  Write-off of other receivables  -  4,222  Salaries, bonuses and other allowances  463,709  375,039  Retirement benefit scheme contributions (defined contribution  schemes)  16,018  13,739  Total staff costs  479,727  388,778   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS

| For the year ended 31 March  2022  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Retirement  benefit  scheme  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Director  Mr. Yeung Wai  (i)  -  1,237  18  1,255  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  -  1,126  18  1,144  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  -  1,015  18  1,033  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  -  1,015  18  1,033  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  (ii)  -  2,382  17  2,399  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  (iii)  -  881  18  899  Independent Non-Executive  Director  Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew  (iv)  25  -  -  25  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  (ii)  28  -  -  28  Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond  226  25  -  251  Mr. Wong Wai Leung Joseph  (v)  202  25  -  227  Mr. Chan Chun Bong Junbon  (iii)  198  25  -  223  Total  679  7,731  107  8,517   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS (continued)

| For the year ended 31 March 2021  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Retirement  benefit scheme  contributions  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive Director  Mr. Yeung Wai  (i)  -  1,010  18  1,028  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  -  918  18  936  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  -  816  18  834  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  -  816  18  834  Independent Non-Executive  Director  Mr. Fan Chun Wah Andrew  (iv)  240  -  -  240  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  (ii)  240  -  -  240  Mr. Ng Ngai Man Raymond  240  -  -  240  Total  720  3,560  72  4,352   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Ceased as the chief executive officer of the Company on 13 May 2021.

(ii) Re-designated from an independent non-executive director to an executive director and chief executive officer on 13 May 2021.

(iii) Appointed as a director on 13 May 2021.

(iv) Resigned as a director on 7 May 2021.

(v) Appointed as a director on 7 May 2021.

The five highest paid employees during the year included three (2021: two) directors. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining two (2021: three) non-director highest paid employees are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries and allowances  2,354  3,568  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  36  54  2,390  3,622   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S EMOLUMENTS (continued)

The  number  of  non-director  highest  paid  employees  whose  remuneration  fell  within  the  following bands is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000  1  1  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  9  (2021:  4)  directors  of  the  Company  have  waived emoluments of HK$638,000 (2021: HK$640,000).

## 15.  DIVIDENDS

The Directors do not recommend the payment of any dividend for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 16.  LOSS PER SHARE

## Basic loss per share

The calculation  of  basic  loss  per  share  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  is  based  on  the  loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$49,169,000 (2021 (restated): HK$122,192,000)  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  of  1,300,000,000  (2021: 1,300,000,000) in issue during the year.

## Diluted loss per share

The effects of all potential ordinary shares are anti-dilutive for the year ended 31 March 2022.

No  diluted  earnings  per  share  are  presented  as  the  Company  did  not  have  any  dilutive  potential ordinary sharing during the year ended 31 March 2021.

## 17.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Computer  equipment  Air  conditioning  Kitchen  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 March 2022  At 1 April 2021:  Cost  38,920  397,779  112,699  26,560  53,909  48,926  4,494  683,287  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment  (146)  (305,957)  (89,762)  (23,027)  (47,541)  (42,883)  (3,983)  (513,299)  Net carrying amount  38,774  91,822  22,937  3,533  6,368  6,043  511  169,988  At 1 April 2021, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  38,774  91,822  22,937  3,533  6,368  6,043  511  169,988  Additions  -  50,297  11,775  3,279  4,362  1,396  1,386  72,495  Write-off  -  (153)  (268)  (7)  (30)  -  -  (458)  Depreciation provided during the  year  (876)  (45,012)  (8,850)  (2,077)  (2,753)  (1,679)  (533)  (61,780)  Impairment  -  (2,438)  (1,706)  (307)  (613)  (36)  -  (5,100)  Exchange realignment  -  444  288  3  254  2  21  1,012  At 31 March 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation and  impairment  37,898  94,960  24,176  4,424  7,588  5,726  1,385  176,157  At 31 March 2022:  Cost  38,920  450,876  124,772  29,875  58,717  50,544  5,913  759,617  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment  (1,022)  (355,916)  (100,596)  (25,451)  (51,129)  (44,818)  (4,528)  (583,460)  Net carrying amount  37,898  94,960  24,176  4,424  7,588  5,726  1,385  176,157   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Computer  equipment  Air conditioning  Kitchen  equipment  Motor vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  31 March 2021  At 1 April 2020:  Cost  -  389,150  112,250  28,668  54,365  46,782  3,715  634,930  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment  -  (307,041)  (85,666)  (26,315)  (48,145)  (42,179)  (3,564)  (512,910)  Net carrying amount  -  82,109  26,584  2,353  6,220  4,603  151  122,020  At 1 April 2020, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  -  82,109  26,584  2,353  6,220  4,603  151  122,020  Additions  -  65,229  10,525  3,024  3,643  3,717  615  86,753  Transfer from investment properties  38,920  -  -  -  -  -  -  38,920  Write-off  -  (84)  (1,572)  (143)  (147)  (46)  -  (1,992)  Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (763)  (266)  (15)  -  -  -  (1,044)  Depreciation provided during the  year  (146)  (44,031)  (10,083)  (1,772)  (3,135)  (1,811)  (256)  (61,234)  Impairment  -  (11,161)  (3,283)  (359)  (366)  (448)  -  (15,617)  Exchange realignment  -  523  1,032  445  153  28  1  2,182  At 31 March 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation and  impairment  38,774  91,822  22,937  3,533  6,368  6,043  511  169,988  At 31 March 2021:  Cost  38,920  397,779  112,699  26,560  53,909  48,926  4,494  683,287  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment  (146)  (305,957)  (89,762)  (23,027)  (47,541)  (42,883)  (3,983)  (513,299)  Net carrying amount  38,774  91,822  22,937  3,533  6,368  6,043  511  169,988   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purpose of impairment testing of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, the Group  regards  each  individual  restaurant  as  a  separately  identifiable  cash-generating  unit  ( 'CGU' ) and carried out impairment assessment for the restaurants which have indicator of impairment.

## 17.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group's  management  identified  certain  loss  making  restaurants  which indicated  that  impairment  may  exist  and  estimated  the  corresponding  recoverable  amount  of  their property,  plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets.  Based  on  the  assessment  performed  by  the Group's management, impairment of HK$5,100,000 (2021: HK$15,617,000) and HK$8,491,000 (2021: HK$30,032,000)  were  recognised  to  write  down  the  carrying  amounts  of  these  items  of  property, plant  and  equipment  and  right-of-use  assets,  respectively,  to  their  recoverable  amounts  as  at  31 March 2022. The estimates of the recoverable amounts were determined using fair value less costs of disposal calculations based on the discounted cash flow method.

Under the discounted cash flow method, fair value is estimated by using cash flow projections based on  financial  budgets  approved  by  senior  management  covering  a  five-year  period  (the '5-Year Projection' ).

The  key  assumptions  used  in  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  calculations  of  the  relevant  CGUs include  budgeted  revenue  and  the  discount  rate.  Revenue  from  restaurant  operations  is  estimated based on the business trend in the industry of restaurant operation, historical performance, market conditions  and  economic  outlook.  The  average  revenue  growth  rate  used  by  each  CGU  is  ranging from  3%  to  20%.  The  pre-tax  discount  rate  applied  is  14.2%.  The  fair  value  measurement  was categorised under Level 3 with significant unobservable inputs.

A  significant  increase  (decrease)  in  the  revenue  growth  rate  would  result  in  a  significant  increase (decrease)  in  the  fair  value  of  the  relevant  CGUs.  A  significant  increase  (decrease)  in  the  discount rate would result in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the relevant CGUs.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's buildings with a net carrying amount of HK$37,898,000 (2021: 38,774,000) were pledged to secure the banking facilities granted to the Group (note 26).

## 18.  AMOUNT DUE FROM A JOINT VENTURE

Amount due from a joint venture is unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed repayment terms.

## 19.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March  Right-of-use assets  - Leasehold land  134,209  137,313  - Buildings  331,968  463,863  - Motor vehicles  413  701  466,590  601,877  Lease commitments of short-term leases  650  129  Lease commitments of leases not yet commenced  -  11,639  The maturity analysis, based on undiscounted cash flows, of  the Group's lease liabilities is as follows:  - Less than 1 year  286,536  338,305  - Between 1 and 5 years  167,861  309,528  - Over 5 years  27,935  25,731  482,332  673,564  Year ended 31 March:  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  - Leasehold land  3,041  517  - Buildings  226,118  264,950  - Motor vehicles  308  192  229,467  265,659  Lease interests  16,066  21,990  Expenses related to short-term leases  3,634  10,442  Expenses related to variable lease payments not included in  lease liabilities  3,807  913  Total cash outflow for leases  256,847  280,207  Additions to right-of-use assets  120,037  444,655   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)

At 31 March 2022, certain of the Group's right-of-use assets with an aggregate carrying amount of HK$134,209,000 (2021: 137,313,000) were pledged to secure the banking facilities granted to the Group, further details of which are included in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

At 31 March 2022, certain of the Group's right-of-use assets with an aggregate carrying amount of HK$413,000 (2021: HK$701,000) were pledged to secure the Group's lease liabilities.

## 20.  INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Food and beverages  75,601  87,690  Other operating items for restaurant operations  2,277  5,692  77,878  93,382   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.  TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Credit card receivables  1,087  2,134  Others  21,896  19,451  22,983  21,585  Impairment  (12,195)  (11,877)  10,788  9,708   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  trading  terms  with  its  customers  are  mainly  on  cash  and  credit  card  settlement  while trading terms for sale of food are on credit with credit periods ranging from 30 to 60 days (2021: 30  to  60  days).  The  Group  seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables  to minimise  credit  risk.  Overdue  balances  are  reviewed  regularly  by  senior  management.  The  Group does  not  hold  any  collateral  or  other  credit  enhancement  over  its  trade  receivable  balances.  Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

## 21.  TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)

An  ageing  analysis  of  the  trade  receivables  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 month  5,635  6,554  1 to 3 months  2,852  1,531  3 to 12 months  1,938  1,623  Over 12 months  363  -  10,788  9,708   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of year  11,877  11,877  Impairment losses  506  -  Write-off  (188)  -  At end of year  12,195  11,877   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An  impairment  analysis  is  performed  at  each  reporting  date  using  a  provision  matrix  to  measure expected  credit  losses.  The  provision  rates  are  based  on  days  past  due  for  groupings  of  various customer  segments  with  similar  loss  patterns  (i.e.,  by  customer  type).  The  calculation  reflects  the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that  is  available  at  the  reporting  date  about  past  events,  current  conditions  and  forecasts  of  future economic conditions.

During the year, the expected loss rates for trade receivables with certain customers that were credit impaired  were  assessed  specifically  by  management.  For  trade  receivables  that  are  past  due  over three months but not credit impaired, management has not observed objective evidence of financial difficulties  of  the  debtors  and  has  been  taking  credit  risk  mitigating  measures. Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables using a provision matrix:

## 21.  TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)

As at 31 March 2022

| Credit  impaired  receivables  Past due  Current  1 to 3  months  3 to 12  months  Over 12  months  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expected credit loss rate  100%  1.23%  5.78%  8.11%  19.87%  53.06%  Gross carrying amount  (HK$'000)  11,689  5,705  3,027  2,109  453  22,983  Expected credit losses  (HK$'000)  11,689  70  175  171  90  12,195   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2021

| Credit  impaired  receivables  Past due  Current  1 to 3  months  3 to 12  months  Over 12  months  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expected credit loss rate  100%  6.96%  13.55%  21.37%  0.00%  55.02%  Gross carrying amount  (HK$'000)  10,706  7,044  1,771  2,064  -  21,585  Expected credit losses  (HK$'000)  10,706  490  240  441  -  11,877   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Prepayments  2,623  5,097  Deposits  94,890  129,027  Rental deposits paid to related companies*  18,663  19,574  Deposits for purchases of items of property, plant and  equipment  1,494  337  Other receivables  19,363  26,429  137,033  180,464  Impairment - other receivables  (6,600)  (6,600)  130,433  173,864  Analysed into:  Non-current portion  71,533  54,726  Current portion  58,900  119,138  130,433  173,864   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These related companies were under common control of Mr. Yeung Wai, Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen and Mr. Yeung Yun Kei (the 'Controlling Shareholders' )  and/or their family members. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, these deposits arose from ordinary course of business.

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of other receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of year  6,600  6,600  Impairment losses  -  -  At end of year  6,600  6,600   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  the  Group  denominated  in RMB  amounted  to  HK$29,131,000  (2021:  HK$44,388,000).  The  RMB  is  not  freely  convertible into  other  currencies,  however,  under  Mainland  China's  Foreign  Exchange  Control  Regulations and  Administration  of  Settlement,  Sale  and  Payment  of  Foreign  Exchange  Regulations,  the  Group is  permitted  to  exchange  RMB  for  other  currencies  through  banks  authorised  to  conduct  foreign exchange business.

## 24.  TRADE PAYABLES

An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 month  22,003  41,225  1 to 3 months  30,023  7,059  3 to 12 months  2,871  1,190  Over 12 months  3,337  2,237  58,234  51,711   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and generally have payment terms of 45 to 90 days (2021: 45 to 90 days).

## 25.  OTHER PAYABLES, ACCRUALS AND DEFERRED INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Note  (Restated)  Other payables  48,669  58,882  Accruals  37,104  52,834  Contract liabilities  (a)  15,680  13,169  Deferred other income  5,883  13,810  107,336  138,695  Analysed into:  Non-current portion  3,656  11,981  Current portion  103,680  126,714  107,336  138,695  (a) Details of contract liabilities are as follows:  31 March 2022  31 March 2021  1 April 2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Restaurant operations  15,680  13,169  13,713   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue recognised in the year that was included in contract liabilities at beginning of year

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  13,169  13,713   |
|------------------------------------------------|

Transaction  prices  allocated  to  performance  obligations  unsatisfied  at  end  of  year  and expected to be recognised as revenue in:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  -  13,169  2023  13,830  -  2024  1,850  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank overdraft  55,082  -  Bank borrowings  184,914  177,758  239,996  177,758  Secured  113,072  84,676  Unsecured  126,924  93,082  239,996  177,758  Analysed into:  Within one year or on demand  239,996  177,758   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

For the purpose of the above analysis, the Group's unsecured bank loans in the amount of HK$126,924,000 (2021: HK$93,082,000)  containing  a  repayment  on  demand  clause  are  included  within  current  interest-bearing  bank borrowings and analysed into bank loans repayable within one year or on demand.

Based on the maturity terms of the bank borrowings, the amounts repayable in respect of the bank borrowings are: HK$59,049,000 (2021: HK$37,097,000) repayable within one year; HK$19,848,000 (2021:  HK$49,646,000)  repayable  in  the  second  year;  HK$132,247,000  (2021:  HK$20,314,000) repayable in the third to fifth years, inclusive; and HK$28,852,000 (2021: HK$70,701,000) repayable over five years.

All  borrowings  are  in  Hong  Kong  dollars.  The  Group 's  bank  loans  of  HK$113,072,000  (2021: HK$84,676,000)  as  at  31  March  2022  are  secured  by  mortgages  over  the  Group 's  own-occupied properties  situated  in  Hong  Kong,  which  had  an  aggregate  carrying  value  at  the  end  of  the reporting  period  of  HK$172,107,000  (2021:  HK$176,087,000).  The  Group's  unsecured  bank  loans of  HK$103,213,000  (2021:  HK$93,082,000)  as  at  31  March  2022  are  fully  guaranteed  by  the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

## 26.  INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS (continued)

The effective interest rates as follows:

| 2022  2021  Unsecured  Prime rate-2.25%  Prime rate-2.25%  Secured  1-month  HIBOR+1.45%  1-month  HIBOR+1.45%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| Lease payments  Present value of  lease payments  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  286,536  338,305  270,834  320,320  In the two to fifth years, inclusive  167,861  309,528  159,668  300,673  After five years  27,935  25,731  20,948  25,480  482,332  673,564  451,450  646,473  Less: Future finance charges  (30,882)  (27,091)  N/A  N/A  Present value of lease liabilities  451,450  646,473  Less: Amount due for settlement  within 12 months (shown  under current liabilities)  (270,834)  (320,320)  Amount due for settlement after  12 months  180,616  326,153   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  March  2022,  the  incremental  borrowing  rate  ranging  from  2.75%  to  4.15%  (2021:  4.15%). Interest rates are fixed at the contract dates and thus expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

## 28.  PROVISION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At the beginning of year  21,008  19,678  Additional provision  2,037  8,197  Reversal of unutilised amounts  (6,137)  (1,623)  Disposal of subsidiaries  (2,106)  (4,149)  Exchange realignment  -  (1,095)  At the end of year  14,802  21,008  Analysed into:  Non-current portion  5,891  8,803  Current portion  8,911  12,205  14,802  21,008   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  provision  represents  management's  best  estimate  of  the  Group's  liabilities  of  the  costs  of dismantling  and  removing  the  leasehold  improvements  and  restoring  the  sites  on  which  they  are located.

## 29.  DEFERRED TAX

| Depreciation  allowance  in excess  of related  depreciation  Tax losses  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  (736)  226  (234)  (744)  Credit/(charge) to profit or loss  (2,144)  2,144  -  -  Disposals of subsidiaries  40  -  134  174  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April  2021  (2,840)  2,370  (100)  (570)  Credit/(charge) to profit or loss  1,054  (1,054)  100  100  At 31 March 2022  (1,786)  1,316  -  (470)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  estimated  tax  losses  arising  in  Hong  Kong  of  approximately HK$640,692,000  (2021:  HK$649,903,000),  subject  to  the  agreement  by  the  Hong  Kong  Inland Revenue Department, that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies  in  which  the  losses  arose.  At  31  March  2022,  the  Group  also  had  estimated  tax  losses arising  in  Mainland  China  of  HK$11,861,000  (2021:  HK$6,987,000)  that  will  expire  in  one  to  five years for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.

## 29.  DEFERRED TAX (continued)

Pursuant  to  the  PRC  Corporate  Income  Tax  Law,  a  10%  withholding  tax  is  levied  on  dividends declared to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprise established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A  lower  withholding  tax  rate  may  be  applied  if  there  is  a  tax  treaty  between  Mainland  China  and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is  therefore  liable  for  withholding  taxes  on  dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

At  31  March  2022,  no  deferred  tax  has  been  recognised  for  withholding  taxes  that  would  be payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group's subsidiaries established  in  Mainland  China.  In  the  opinion  of  the  Company's  directors,  it  is  not  probable  that these  subsidiaries  will  distribute  such  earnings  in  the  foreseeable  future.  The  aggregate  amount of  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries  in  Mainland  China  for  which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$nil (2021: HK$1,249,000).

## 30.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of shares  Amount  equivalent to  share capital  HK$'000  Authorised:  Shares of the Company with nominal value of HK$0.001 each  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March  2022  2,000,000,000  2,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021, 1 April 2021 and 31 March  2022  1,300,000,000  1,300   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital risk management

The  primary  objectives  of  the  Group's  capital  management  are  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to continue as  a  going  concern  and  to  maintain  healthy  capital  ratios  in  order  to  support  its  business and maximise shareholders' value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to the shareholders, return capital to the shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 31.  RESERVES

## Other reserve

Other reserve represents (i) the gain on deemed disposal of an interest in a subsidiary amounting to approximately HK$8,000; and (ii) the difference between the acquisition of additional equity interests from the then non-controlling shareholders and the consideration paid.

## Merger reserve

The merger reserve represents reserves arising from a reorganisation of the Company in connection with the Listing.

## Share option reserve

The  share  option  reserve  comprises  the  fair  value  of  share  options  granted  which  are  yet  to  be exercised,  as  further  explained  in  the  accounting  policy  for  share-based  payments  in  note  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.  The  amount  will  either  be  transferred  to  the  share  premium account  when  the  related  options  are  exercised,  or  be  transferred  to  retained  profits  should  the related options expire or be forfeited.

## 32.  SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

The  Company  operates  a  share  option  scheme  (the 'Schemes' )  for  the  purpose  of  motivating eligible  participants to optimise their future contributions to the Group and to reward them for the past  contributions  and  to  attract  and  retain  or  otherwise  maintain  ongoing  relationships  with  such eligible  participants  whose  contributions  are  or  will  be  beneficial  to  the  performance,  growth  or success of the Group.

Eligible  participants  of  the  Schemes  include  the  Company's  directors,  including  independent  nonexecutive  directors,  other  employees  of  the  Group  and  any  consultants,  business  or  joint  venture partners, franchisees, contractors, agents, representatives or service providers of any member of the Group.  The  share  option  scheme  became  effective  on  13  November  2014,  and,  unless  otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years, from the respective effective dates.

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Schemes and any other schemes by the Company shall not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the listing date unless shareholders' approval has been obtained.

The maximum number of shares issuable under the share options to each eligible participant in the Schemes within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any time. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

Share  options  granted  to  a  director,  chief  executive  or  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  or to  any  of  their  associates,  are  subject  to  approval  in  advance  by  the  independent  non-executive directors. In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent nonexecutive director of the Company, or to any of their associate, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the  Company  in  issue  at  any  time  or  with  an  aggregate  value  (based  on  the  closing  price  of  the Shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders' approval in advance in a general meeting.

## 32.  SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (continued)

The  offer  of  a  grant  of  share  options  may  be  accepted  upon  payment  of  a  nominal  consideration of  HK$1  in  total  by  the  grantee.  The  exercise  period  of  the  share  options  granted  is  determinable by the directors, and may commence from the date of the offer of the share options and ends on a date which is not later than 10 years from the date of the offer of the share options or the expiry dates of the Schemes, if earlier.

All  holders  of  options  granted  under  the  Scheme  may  only  exercise  their  options  in  the  following manner:

| Maximum percentage of options  exercisable  Vesting period  33% of options  at any time after the expiration of 24 months from the date  of grant  Additional 33% of options  at any time after the expiration of 36 months from the date  of grant  Additional 34% of options  at any time after the expiration of 48 months from the date  of grant   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of grantee  Date of grant  Exercisable period  Exercisable  price  Outstanding  as at 1 April  2021  Grant during  the period  Outstanding  as at 31  March 2022  Executive Director  Mr. Yeung Wai  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Wai  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Wai  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,380,000  2,380,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Chuen  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,380,000  2,380,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Yeung Yun Kei  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,380,000  2,380,000  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,310,000  2,310,000  Mr. Leung Siu Sun  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  2,380,000  2,380,000  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,320,000  1,320,000  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,320,000  1,320,000  Mr. Wu Kam On Keith  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,360,000  1,360,000  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,320,000  1,320,000  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,320,000  1,320,000  Mr. Yeung Ho Wang  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  1,360,000  1,360,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32.  SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (continued)

| Name of grantee  Date of grant  Exercisable period  Exercisable  price  Outstanding  as at 1 April  2021  Grant during  the period  Outstanding  as at 31  March 2022  Independent non-executive Director  Mr. Ng Ngai Man  Raymond  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Ng Ngai Man  Raymond  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Ng Ngai Man  Raymond  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  462,400  462,400  Mr. Wong Wai Leung  Joseph  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Wong Wai Leung  Joseph  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Wong Wai Leung  Joseph  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  462,400  462,400  Mr. Chan Chun Bong  Junbon  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Chan Chun Bong  Junbon  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  448,800  448,800  Mr. Chan Chun Bong  Junbon  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  462,400  462,400  Employees  18.8.2021  18.8.2023-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  21,093,600  21,093,600  Employees  18.8.2021  18.8.2024-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  21,093,600  21,093,600  Employees  18.8.2021  18.8.2025-17.8.2026  HK$0.2056  -  21,732,800  21,732,800  -  104,000,000  104,000,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Exercisable at the end of the year

Weighted average exercise price

HK$0.2056

-

HK$0.2056

At  31  March  2022,  the  total  number  of  shares  in  respect  of  which  options  under  the  Scheme  had been  granted  and  remained  outstanding  was  104,000,000,  representing  8%  of  the  shares  of  the Company in issue at that date. The options outstanding at the end of year have a weight average remaining contractual life is approximately 4.4 years.

No option was exercised during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 32.  SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (continued)

The fair  value  of  the  share  options  was  determined  at  the  date  of  grant  using  the  Binomial  option pricing  model  (the 'Binomial  Model' )  with  the  following  inputs  and  based  on  the  respective vesting period of the share options:

| Stock price as at grant date Exercise price Expected volatility Expected life of options Risk free rate Expected dividend yield  HK$0.205 HK$0.2056 49.09% 5 years 0.8% 0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Binomial  Model  has  been  used  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of  the  options.  The  variables  and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are based on the directors' best estimate. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company's share prices  over  the  previous  four  years.  Changes  in  variables  and  assumptions  may  result  in  changes  in the fair value of the options.

The  total  estimated  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted  on  that  date  was  approximately HK$8,843,000.

The  Group  recognised  share-based  payments  expense  of  approximately  HK$1,846,000  during  the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: nil) in relation to the share options granted by the Company.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 33.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2022,  the  Group  disposed  of  its  entire  interests  in  certain subsidiaries to independent third parties for an aggregate consideration of HK$103.

Net liabilities at the date of disposal were as follows:

| HK$'000  Trade receivables  30  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  12,985  Tax recoverable  1,004  Cash and cash equivalents  44  Trade payables  (93)  Other payables, accruals and deferred income  (1,260)  Lease liabilities  (35,596)  Provision  (2,106)  Tax payable  (419)  Net liabilities disposed of:  (25,411)  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  25,411  Total consideration  -  Net cash outflow arising on disposal:  Total consideration  -  Cash and cash equivalents disposed of  (44)  (44)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  March  2021,  the  Group  disposed  of  its  entire  interests  in  certain subsidiaries to independent third parties for an aggregate consideration of HK$105.

## 33.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

Net liabilities at the date of disposal were as follows:

| HK$'000  (Restated)  Property, plant and equipment  1,044  Right-of-use assets  5,414  Trade receivables  102  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  4,668  Tax recoverable  1,308  Cash and cash equivalents  17  Trade payables  (317)  Other payables, accruals and deferred income  (13,019)  Lease liabilities  (46,113)  Provision  (4,149)  Tax payable  (689)  Deferred tax liabilities  (174)  Net liabilities disposed of:  (51,908)  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  51,908  Total consideration  -  Net cash outflow arising on disposal:  Total consideration  -  Cash and cash equivalents disposed of  (17)  (17)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group's capital commitments at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Property, plant and equipment  - Contracted but not provided for  693  684   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.    RECONCILIATION  OF  LIABILITIES  ARISING  FROM  FINANCING ACTIVITIES

| Borrowings  Lease liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  At 1 April 2020  94,594  484,491  579,085  Financing cash flows  83,164  (268,852)  (185,688)  Non-cash changes  -  - Addition  -  444,379  444,379  - Lease modifications and termination  -  27,642  27,642  - Rent concessions related to COVID-19  -  (23,303)  (23,303)  - Finance charges  -  21,990  21,990  - Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (46,113)  (46,113)  - Exchange realignment  -  6,239  6,239  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  177,758  646,473  824,231  Financing cash flows  2,553  (249,406)  (246,853)  Non-cash changes  - Addition  -  120,037  120,037  - Lease modifications and termination  -  (29,891)  (29,891)  - Rent concessions related to COVID-19  -  (20,201)  (20,201)  - Finance charges  4,603  16,066  20,669  - Disposal of subsidiaries  -  (35,596)  (35,596)  - Exchange realignment  -  3,968  3,968  At 31 March 2022  184,914  451,450  636,364   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a) Related party transactions

In addition to the transactions and balances detailed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Purchase of foods  7,963  4,475  Gain on lease termination  350  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These  related  companies  were  controlled  by  the  Controlling  Shareholders  and/or  their  family members.

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  right-of-use  assets  related  to  the  restaurants  leased  from  these related companies amounted to HK$96,015,000 (2021: HK$193,470,000) and lease liabilities of  HK$119,757,000  (2021:  HK$229,435,000)  are  due  to  these  related  companies  of  the Group.  Depreciation  and  impairment  of  right-of-use  assets  related  to  these  restaurants amounted to HK$95,264,000 (2021: HK$139,399,000) and interest on lease liabilities to these related  companies  of  the  Group  amounted  to  HK$2,032,000  (2021:  HK$7,895,000)  during the year ended 31 March 2022.

The  transactions  were  conducted  on  terms  and  conditions  mutually  agreed  between  the relevant  parties.  The  directors  are  of  the  opinion  that  those  related  party  transactions  were conducted in the ordinary course of business of the Group.

- (b) Details  of  the  remuneration  of  directors  and  other  members  of  key  management  during  the year are set out in note 14.

## 37.    STATEMENT  OF  FINANCIAL  POSITION  AND  RESERVES  OF  THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current assets  Other receivables  -  190  Due from subsidiaries  130,461  135,341  Due from joint venture  165  -  Cash and cash equivalents  899  706  131,525  136,237  Current liabilities  Other payables and accruals  1,729  2,901  Due to subsidiaries  11,599  11,357  13,328  14,258  Net assets  118,197  121,979  Capital and reserves  Share capital  1,300  1,300  Reserves  116,897  120,679  Total equity  118,197  121,979   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Share  premium  Share options  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  540,140  -  (254,546)  285,594  Loss and total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (164,915)  (164,915)  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April  2021  540,140  -  (419,461)  120,679  Loss and total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (5,628)  (5,628)  Share based payment  -  1,846  -  1,846  At 31 March 2022  540,140  1,846  (425,089)  116,897   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 38.  LEASE COMMITMENT

## The Group as a lessor

The  Group  subleases  its  leased  buildings  in  Hong  Kong  under  operating  lease  arrangements.  The terms  of  the  leases  generally  require  the  tenants  to  pay  security  deposits  and  provide  for  periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  17,248  14,232  After one year but within two years  13,402  10,588  After two year but within three years  6,382  4,304  After three year but within four years  -  1,864  37,032  30,988   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At the end of each of the reporting period, contingent liabilities not provided for in the consolidated financial statements were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank guarantees given in lieu of rental and utility deposits  17,770  29,088   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40.  PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

| Name  Place/Country of  incorporation/  registration and  business  Issued ordinary/  registered share  capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the  Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Right Proceed Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Property holding  Fulum Shopping Network Company  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$38,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Rainbow Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Easy Investment Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Emotion Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Target Investments Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Centralink International Development  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Talent Beverage Marketplace Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  New Central Hong Kong Development  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Beauty Enterprises Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40.    PARTICULARS  OF  PRINCIPAL  SUBSIDIARIES  OF  THE  COMPANY

(continued)

| Name  Place/Country of  incorporation/  registration and  business  Issued ordinary/  registered share  capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the  Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Gold China Enterprise Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Well Properties Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sportful Garden Food International  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Extreme Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant and supermarket operation  China Enviro Enterprises Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Favour (Hong Kong) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Park Sun Property Agency Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Middle East Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Loyal Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Copper Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  New Central Industrial Limited  Hong Kong  HK$80,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Harvest (Hong Kong) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant and supermarket operation  China Forward Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Base Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Order Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Crest Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Korean Catering Concepts Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant and supermarket operation  Glory Food Services Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Champion Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Green International Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant and food court operation  Centro (Asia) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$500,000  -  100%  Restaurant and supermarket operation  China Elegant Industrial Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Excellent International Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Kings Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Professional Asia Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant and supermarket operation  China Start Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Weal (HK) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Luck China International Trading Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Mid Well Investments Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Major Company Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Scene Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Grander Creation Limited  Hong Kong  HK$2,000,000  -  100%  Food court operation  Super Rich International Limited  Hong Kong  HK$3,800  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central King Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  China Show Industrial Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Group (Hong Kong) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Best Food Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Supermarket operation   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40.    PARTICULARS  OF  PRINCIPAL  SUBSIDIARIES  OF  THE  COMPANY

(continued)

| Name  Place/Country of  incorporation/  registration and  business  Issued ordinary/  registered share  capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the  Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Central Ocean Catering Limited  Hong Kong  HK$300,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central South Catering Limited  Hong Kong  HK$500,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Central Place Catering Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Food court operation  Century High Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Best Taste Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Supermarket operation  Goldion Enterprise Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Linkage Enterprise Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Restaurant operation  Sino Rank Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Processing, sale and distribution of food  products  Fulum Food (International) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Sales and distribution of food products  Sino Forest Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100%  Owner of trademarks  Full King Credit Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100,000  -  100%  Money lending  廣州加盈餐飲管理有限公司  *  PRC  HK$23,000,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  珠海中域富臨餐飲管理有限公司  *  PRC  HK$15,000,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  福建中浩富臨餐飲管理有限公司  *  PRC  HK$15,000,000  -  100%  Restaurant operation  中花食品進出⼝貿易（深圳） 有限公司  *  PRC  HK$1,000,000  -  100%  Sales and distribution of food products   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These companies are registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises established under PRC law.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Group which, in the opinion of the Company's directors, principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Company's directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

## 41.  APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  consolidated  financial  statements  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on 29 June 2022.

## Five-Year Financial Summary

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements of the Company is set out below.

| Year ended 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  RESULTS  REVENUE  1,450,074  1,172,682  1,853,918  2,627,192  2,961,974  Cost of inventories sold  (514,641)  (385,932)  (642,780)  (778,226)  (874,762)  935,433  786,750  1,211,138  1,848,966  2,087,212  Other income and gains, net  112,050  170,527  36,121  18,104  21,269  Staff costs  (479,727)  (388,778)  (683,798)  (880,271)  (977,101)  Property rentals and related expenses  (60,233)  (68,959)  (188,374)  (471,443)  (545,771)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (229,467)  (265,659)  (245,363)  -  -  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  (61,780)  (61,234)  (79,630)  (85,514)  (98,800)  Fuel and utility expenses  (87,991)  (85,825)  (121,430)  (157,953)  (180,472)  Other expenses  (141,493)  (126,180)  (250,248)  (227,122)  (240,733)  Share of loss in a joint venture  (3)  -  -  -  -  Losses from impairment/write-off of  non-financial assets  (14,049)  (52,254)  (241,592)  (1,571)  (4,574)  Losses from impairment/write-off of  financial assets  (506)  (4,222)  (28,562)  (2,137)  -  Finance costs  (20,669)  (26,071)  (25,344)  (345)  (622)  PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX  (48,435)  (121,905)  (617,082)  40,714  60,408  Income tax expense  (734)  (287)  (20,021)  (15,134)  (17,931)  PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR  (49,169)  (122,192)  (637,103)  25,580  42,477  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (49,169)  (122,192)  (637,476)  25,496  42,477  Non-controlling interests  -  -  373  84  -  (49,169)  (122,192)  (637,103)  25,580  42,477   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| As at 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  TOTAL ASSETS  995,949  1,206,087  1,011,357  1,202,420  1,336,965  TOTAL LIABILITIES  874,262  1,037,995  (724,463)  (264,065)  (311,411)  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS  -  -  -  684  -  TOTAL EQUITY  121,687  168,092  286,894  938,355  1,025,554   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

26/F, Capital Tower, 38 Wai Yip Street, Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong 香港九龍九龍灣偉業街38號富臨中心26樓

<!-- image -->