<!-- image -->

## Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited 大中華控股 (香港) 有限公司

(Formerly known as Great China Properties Holdings Limited) (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability) Stock Code: 00021

## Annual Report 2022

## CONTENTS

| 2  Corporate Information  3  Directors and Senior Management Profiles  5  Chairman's Statement  6  Management Discussion and Analysis  11  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  20  Corporate Governance Report  27  Directors' Report  35  Independent Auditor's Report  41  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  42  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  44  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  45  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  46  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  114  Five Years Financial Summary  115  Particulars of Major Properties   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Huang Shih Tsai (Chairman) Ms. Huang Wenxi (Chief Executive Officer)

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Li Xiaohua

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Cheng Hong Kei Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann Mr. Lum Pak Sum

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Cheng Hong Kei (Chairman) Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann Mr. Lum Pak Sum

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Cheng Hong Kei (Chairman) Mr. Huang Shih Tsai Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann Mr. Lum Pak Sum

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Huang Shih Tsai (Chairman) Mr. Cheng Hong Kei Mr. Lum Pak Sum

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Yeung Lee

## AUDITOR

Mazars CPA Limited

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Tengis Limited 17/F, Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## LEGAL COUNSEL

Reynolds Porter Chamberlain

## PRINCIPAL BANKS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Hang Seng Bank Limited Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Room 6668, 66/F. The Center 99 Queen's Road Central Hong Kong

## WEBSITE

www.greatchinaproperties.com

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Huang Shih Tsai , aged 71, has been the Non-executive Director since 29 June 2007 and was re-designated to Executive Director on 5 April 2013. He is the chairman of the Group and the Nomination Committee of the Company and is also a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Huang is the founder and chairman of the board of Great China International Investment (Groups) Limited ('Great China Groups'), which is currently involved in various businesses in property development, hotel management, financial consultancy, trust management, trading, department stores, ports and logistics. The businesses of Great China Groups cover major cities nationwide.

Mr. Huang was honoured as the pioneer for urbanisation of rural areas when he introduced the concept of 'Property Acquisition for Resident Right' first in Longzhu Garden project. He developed the concept of 'Removing boarder between Shenzhen and Hong Kong' in Hui Zhan Ge project and developed properties along the boarder. He was recognised as the pioneer in 'Sales of Properties to non-residents' and hotel style service apartment. Through Great China International Exchange Square, he was known as the pioneer to develop the Central Business District in Shenzhen. Mr. Huang has made significant contributions to the reform and opening-up of Shenzhen.

Mr. Huang was the only Outstanding Chinese Entrepreneur as the representative to participate the 60th Anniversary of United Nation. He is the executive vice-president of the United World Chinese Association ( 世界華人協會 ),  the executive vice-president of the China Enterprise Directors Association (Shenzhen) ( 中國企業家協會 （深圳） ),  the vicepresident of Guangdong Provincial Association of Culture ( 廣東省文化學會 ),  the  vice-president of Federation of Shenzhen Industries ( 深圳工業總會 ), the managing director of Global Foundation of Distinguished Chinese Limited ( 世 界傑出華人基金會 ), and the president of Yan Huang Chinese Straits Entrepreneurs Association ( 炎黃海峽兩岸三地 企 業家交流協會 ).

Mr. Huang is the father of Ms. Huang Wenxi, the Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Ms. Huang Wenxi , aged 38, has been an Executive Director since 29 June 2007, is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Ms. Huang holds a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of WisconsinMadison, a Master of Science Degree in Global Finance from New York University and a MBA from Yale University. Currently, Ms. Huang is also the chief executive officer of Great China International Group Hotel Management Limited, a company provides hotel management services which owns and sets up Shenzhen Great China Hilton Hotel and Sheraton Shenzhen Futian Hotel, both of which are 5-star international hotels located in Shenzhen, China.

Ms. Huang is the daughter of Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, the Executive Director and Chairman of the Group.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. Li Xiaohua ,  aged 71, has been appointed as the Non-executive Director of the Company on 6 October 2022. Mr. Li has been the founder and chairman of the board of directors of Huada International Holdings Co. Limited since 1988, which businesses covers China, Japan, Southeast Asia and South America. He has been elected as the member of the 9th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), the Honorary Chairman of the China Charity Federation, member of the Standing Committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce and director of the China Overseas Friendship Association.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILES

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Cheng Hong Kei ,  aged 68, has been an Independent Non-executive Director since 8 June 2006 and is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company, as well as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Cheng studied accountancy in Hong Kong Polytechnic (now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University). He is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. He is a co-founding director of Cheng &amp; Cheng Limited and had worked as an assessor for the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department for 12 years. He has over 35 years of experience in accounting and taxation. Currently, Mr. Cheng is also an independent non-executive director of China Apex Group Limited and GET Holdings Limited, both of which are listed companies in Hong Kong.

Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann , aged 61, has been an Independent Non-executive Director since 8 June 2006 and is a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Leung holds a Bachelor's degree in Social Sciences from the University of Hong Kong. He is a solicitor of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and is a partner of D.S. Cheung &amp; Co., Solicitors. He is also a China-Appointed Attesting Officer. Mr. Leung has about 28 years of experience in legal work relating to civil litigation, commercial litigation, copyright and conveyancing.

Mr. Lum Pak Sum , aged 62, has been an Independent Non-executive Director since 21 August 2007 and is a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Lum holds a Master's degree in Business Administration from the University of Warwick, UK and a LLB (Honor) degree from the University of Wolverhampton, UK. He is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK. Mr. Lum has over 20 years of experience in financial field, the money market and capital market. Currently, Mr. Lum is also an independent non-executive director of Anxian Yuan China Holdings Limited, i-Control Holdings Limited, Kwan On Holdings Limited and Sunway International Holdings Limited; all of which are listed companies in Hong Kong. During the past three years, Mr. Lum was also an independent non-executive director of China Asia Valley Group Limited and TATA Health International Holdings Limited, both are listed companies in Hong Kong.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Yeung Lee , aged 36, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company with effect from 26 August 2016. Ms. Yeung is a Chartered Secretary and a Chartered Governance Professional. She is an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators). She obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. She has more than ten years of experience in company secretarial, corporate governance, compliance matters and operations management. Ms. Yeung is also a director and compliance officer of YL Capital Partners Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company carrying on Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

I  am pleased to present the annual results of Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (the 'Company' or 'Great China Holdings', together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group') for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW HIGHLIGHTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a turnover of approximately HK$12.55 million, representing an increase of approximately 25.25% as compared to the turnover of approximately HK$10.02 million for last year. The increase in turnover was mainly resulted from the increase in areas delivered in the sales of properties. Profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to HK$53.02 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to a loss attributable to the owners of Company of approximately HK$47.67 million for last year.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

In 2022, the sales and pre-sales of phase 1, phase 2 and phase 3 of the residential portion of Jin Bao Cheng Project (also known as Shanwei No. 1) of the Group, which was located in Shanwei City, Guangdong Province, the PRC, commenced respectively. Sale proceeds of the project have been gradually recognized as revenue under relevant accounting policy, and reflected in the financial statements for the year.

## BUSINESS OUTLOOK

The pandemic of COVID-19 has resulted in an extremely complicated external environment with lots of uncertainties in recent years. It has put forward higher requirements for company in terms of its future strategy planning. Despite the challenges, the Group's business and future strategy will continue to be focusing on mid-end and high-end commercial and tourism property development and investment. The Group will regularly review and adjust its development and sales schedule in accordance with the market conditions and the overall environment. Riding on its solid foundation, the Group remains on the lookout for high quality and cost effective investment opportunities to enhance investment returns, as well as gradually diversify its income source.

## APPRECIATION

I  would like to express my sincere appreciation to all Directors and staff members for their contribution to the development of Great China Holdings over the year. I would also like to thank our shareholders and investors for their support and trust. Great China Holdings will adhere to its vision: 'Build a Better Chinese Community in Greater China: Set in Asia to Build in the World for a Better Home', with a view to establishing itself as China's leading developer of commercial and residential real estates as well as tourism properties, and thus creating sustainable investment returns for our shareholders and investors with outstanding performance.

Mr. Huang Shih Tsai

Chairman Hong Kong, 12 April 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## RESULTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recorded a turnover of approximately HK$12.55 million, representing an increase of approximately 25.25% as compared to the turnover of approximately HK$10.02 million for last year. The increase in turnover was mainly resulted from the increase in areas delivered in the sales of properties.

Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$53.02 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 compared to the loss attributable to the owners of Company of approximately HK$47.67 million for last year. This was mainly attributable to the exchange gain arising from the translation of the Group's financial liabilities during the year.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Property Development and Investment Business

## The Gold Coast Project

The  Company,  through  its  indirect  wholly-owned  PRC  subsidiary,  owns  a  resort  located  in 中國廣東省汕尾市海豐縣 鮜 門鎮百安半島 (Baian Peninsula, Houmen Town, Haifeng County, Shanwei City, Guangdong Province, the PRC*) (the 'Gold Coast Resort'). Development of the Gold Coast Project will be divided into two phases with an aggregated gross floor area of approximately 430,000 sq.m. The first phase of the project comprises high block residential buildings with car parks while the second phase of the project comprises high block residential buildings, villas and serviced apartments etc.

The main construction of the residential buildings of phase 1 was completed. Application has been made for the presale permit for phase 1 properties. It is currently expected that the presale permit could be obtained in the second quarter of 2023. The Company is currently setting up a sales center and show room for phase 1 which will be opened upon obtaining of the presale permit. Construction of phase 2 is expected to be commenced in the first quarter of 2023. It is expected that the construction of the main building will be completed by the end of 2023. Pre-sale of phase 2 of the Gold Coast Project is expected to be commenced in 2024.

## The Tanghai County Project

The Group has acquired 99.99% of equity interest of 唐⼭市曹妃甸區中泰信和房地產開發有限公司 (Tangshan Caofeidian Zhongtai Xinhe Real Estate Company Limited*) ('Tangshan Caofeidian') ('Tanghai Acquisition') in January 2013, the major asset of which consists of the right of use of 唐海縣七農場通港水庫內側 2 號及 3 號島 (Nos. 2 and 3 Island inside Tonggang Reservoir of the Seventh Farm in Tanghai County*).

The Group has paid a total sum of approximately RMB92,490,000 as consideration of the Tanghai Acquisition. The vendors of Tangshan Caofeidian are subject to pay the PRC individual income tax derived from the transfer of the equity interest of Tangshan Caofeidian. At the date of completion of the Tanghai Acquisition, such PRC individual income tax had not been settled. It was agreed by the vendors that they will not require the Company to pay the remaining portion of the consideration of RMB12,000,000 until the outstanding PRC individual income tax is settled by them.

* For identification purposes only

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Group has appointed several external firms to conduct reconnaissance and began designing work. At the date of this report, the piling of the town house and the construction of the clubhouse in phase, and the basic construction of villas of phase 2 was completed. It was noted that the local government of the Tanghai Country Project has granted the area where the Tanghai Country Project locates as a natural reserve area thus the Company's original planning of the project may need to be modified in accordance with the local government's guideline. The Company is actively discussing with the local government regarding the overall planning of the project.

## The Daya Bay Project

The Company, through its indirect wholly-owned PRC subsidiary, owns 東方新天地大廈 (Eastern  New World Square*), which is a comprehensive property development project with a total gross floor area of approximately 69,171.7 sq.m. located at 中國廣東省惠州市大亞灣澳頭鎮中興中路⼀號 (No.1  Zhongxing Zhong Road, Aotou Town, Daya Bay, Huizhou City, Guangdong Province, the PRC*). During the year ended 31 December 2022, rental income of approximately HK$2.21 million from commercial outlets and car park of Eastern New World Square (2021: approximately HK$3.71 million).

## The Shanwei Projects

On 16 October 2013, the Group completed the acquisition of Jin Bao Cheng Project and Hong Hai Bay Project through a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company from Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, the chairman and executive director of the Company. The details of Jin Bao Cheng Project and Hong Hai Bay Project are set out as below:

- (1) Jin Bao Cheng Project

Jin Bao Cheng Project contains two parcels of land located on 中國廣東省汕尾市區汕尾大道 (Shanwei Main Road, Shanwei City, Guangdong Province, the PRC*), with a total site area of approximately 50,656 sq.m. and three 12-storey close to completion residential blocks erected thereon, among which, (a) one parcel of land is located at the vicinity of 汕尾大道香洲頭地段西側與紅海大道交界⼝ (the junction of the western side of Shanwei Main Road, Xiangzhoutou Section and Honghai Main Road*), and (b) one parcel of land is located at the vicinity of 汕尾大道荷嶺段西側實⼒汽車修配廠後面與紅海大道交界⼝ (the  junction of the western side of Shanwei Main Road, Hebaoling Section, behind the Shili Car Repair Factory and Honghai Main Road*).

Jin Bao Cheng Project is a residential and commercial complex. Sales and pre-sales of phase 1, phase 2 and phase 3 of the residential portion of Jin Bao Cheng Project was commenced. Proceeds from the sales of Jin Bao Cheng Project of approximately HK$8.94 million was recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: approximately HK$4.24 million) and approximately HK$59.61 million was received from presales of Jin Bao Cheng Project as contract liabilities at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: approximately HK$53.13 million).

- (2) Hong Hai Bay Project

Hong Hai Bay Project contains four parcels of land located at the vicinity of the junction of No. S241 Province Road and No. X141 County Road Shanwei City, Guangdong Province, the PRC with a total site area of approximately 273,534.2 sq.m., among which, (a) one parcel of land is located on 遮浪南澳旅遊區「湖仔⼭」 東側 (the east of Wuzishan, Zhelang Nanao Tourist Area*), (b) one parcel of land is located on 遮浪街道宮前南 澳路東 (Gongqian Nanao Road East, Zhelangjiedao*); and (c) two parcels of land are located on 遮浪街道南澳 旅遊區灣灘坑 (Wantankeng, Zhelangjiedao Nanao Tourist Area*). It is the management of the Group's current intention to develop Hong Hai Bay Project into a tourist and entertainment complex with residential development with a total gross floor area of approximately 720,000 sq.m..

* For identification purposes only

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In 2020, 中建⼆局第三建築工程有限公司 (the 'Contractor'), a contractor of the Hong Hai Bay Project, had filed a civil suit to Shanwei Intermediate People's Court ( 汕尾市中級人民法院 )  (the  'Court') against the Group for terminating the construction agreements entered with the Group and claim for a total amount of approximately RMB48.5 million, comprising the alleged incurred construction cost and the related interest of approximately RMB15.8 million, the potential profit of the remaining work under the construction agreement of approximately RMB12.7 million and the idle time cost of approximately RMB20.0 million. One of the land parcels of Hong Hai Bay Project was seized by the Court. With reference to a legal opinion from the PRC lawyer, the Group may be liable for paying the outstanding construction cost that actually incurred which shall be determined by the Court in accordance with evidence submitted by both parties but not the amount claimed by the Constructor which has no reasonable ground. Also, 汕尾大中華國際實業有限公司 is  still  entitled  to  the  ownership of the seized land. Notwithstanding the above, with best and conservative estimation by the management of the Group, the Company provided in profit or loss of approximately RMB14.0 million (equivalent to approximately HK$15.8 million) claimed by the Constructor for the alleged outstanding construction cost during the year ended 31 December 2020. No additional provision is recognised for the year ended 31 December 2022 as there was no material update for the legal claim during the period. Since the proceeding is at an early stage, the management of the Group considers that, apart from the outstanding construction cost incurred, it is not practical to assess its  potential impact on the Company at the moment. In any event, the proceeding will not affect the normal operation of the Group. The Company shall update the shareholders about the proceeding as and when appropriate.

## The Heqing Project

On 16 December 2013, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Great China Properties (Shanghai) Limited, entered into a cooperation agreement with Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited ('Greenland HK') and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the parties to the cooperation agreement conditionally agree to jointly develop the two parcels of land located in Shanghai, the PRC (the 'Land'), among which (a) 上海浦東新區合慶鎮，四至範圍東至 13-02 地塊，西至上海市慶利路，南至 13-02 地塊，北至上海市環慶南路 (one parcel of land with boundaries East to land with Lot No. 13-02, West to Qingli Road, South to land with Lot No.13-02, North to South Huanqing Road, Heqing Town, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC*); and (b) 上海浦東新區合慶鎮，四至範圍東至 14-03 地塊，西至上海市凌楊路， 南至 14-03 地塊，北至上海市環慶南路 (one parcel of land with boundaries East to land with Lot No. 14-03, West to Lingyang Road, South to land with Lot No. 14-03, North to South Huanqing Road, Heqing Town, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC*). The Land is used for commercial and office purposes.

On 10 January 2014, all the conditions precedent under the cooperation agreement had been satisfied and completion took place on the same date. Upon completion, each of the Company and Greenland HK holds a 50% stake in the project. The investment has been accounted for as interest in an associate using the equity method from the date of completion and loan receivable from an associate. Details please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 16 December 2013 and the circular of the Company dated 30 January 2014. Development of the Heqing Project were completed.

## Change of Company Name

On 25 April 2022, the Board proposed to change the English name of the Company from 'Great China Properties Holdings Limited' to 'Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited' and the Chinese name of the Company from ' 大中 華地產控股有限公司 ' to ' 大中華控股 （香港） 有限公司 ' (the 'Change of Company Name'). The Board considered that the Change of Company Name can more accurately reflect the principal activities of the Group and provide the Company with a new corporate image and identity. The Change of Company Name was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held by the Company on 27 May 2022. The Certificate of Change of Name was issued by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong on 7 July 2022 confirming that the Change of Company Name has become effective.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The stock short names for trading in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange has been changed from 'GREAT CHI PPT' to 'GREAT CHI HLDGS' in English and from ' 大中華地產控股 ' to ' 大中華控股 ' in Chinese, both with effect from 3 August 2022. The stock code of the Company on the Stock Exchange remains unchanged as '21'. Details are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 29 July 2022.

## Connected Transaction - Property Lease Agreements

On 1 August 2022, (i) 滙通天下控股 （中國） 有限公司 (Waytung Global Holding (China) Limited*) ('Waytung China') and 大中華國際集團 （中國） 有限公司 (Great China International Group Limited*) ('GCI') entered into the Property Leasing Agreement I; (ii) 大中華實業 （惠州） 有限公司 (Great China Enterprises (Huizhou) Limited*) ('Great China (Huizhou)') and GCI entered into the Property Leasing Agreement II; and (iii) 汕尾市大中華實業有限公司 (Shanwei Great China Enterprises Limited*) ('Great China (Shanwei)') and GCI entered into the Property Leasing Agreement III. In accordance with HKFRS 16 'Leases', the Group will recognise right-of-use assets in its consolidated statement of financial position in respect of the leased properties under the Property Lease Agreements.

Each of Waytung China, Great China (Huizhou) and Great China (Shanwei) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. GCI is indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, the executive Director, controlling shareholders and chairman of the Group. As such, GCI is a connected person to the Company. Pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the Property Lease Agreements constitute a one-off connected transaction of the Company.

According to the Property Lease Agreements, (i) Waytung China shall pay a monthly rental of RMB28,000; (ii) Great China (Huizhou) shall pay a monthly rental of RMB43,600; and (iii) Great China (Shanwei) shall pay a monthly rental of RMB93,000. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 1 August 2022 for details of the transactions.

## BUSINESS OUTLOOK

The pandemic has resulted in an extremely complicated external environment with lots of uncertainties in recent years. It  has put forward higher requirements for the Company in terms of its future strategy planning. With the loosening of the COVID-control measures in the PRC, the Group will review and adjust its development and sales schedule in accordance with the market conditions and the overall environment. The Group's business and future strategy will continue to be focusing on mid-end and high-end commercial and tourism property development and investment. Riding on its solid foundation, the Group remains on the lookout for high quality and cost effective investment opportunities to enhance investment returns, as well as gradually diversify its income source.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

At 31 December 2022, bank balances and cash of the Group amounted to approximately HK$19.74 million (31 December 2021: HK$22.27 million). The Group's total current assets at 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately HK$848.35 million, which comprised properties held for sale, trade receivables, prepayments, deposits and other receivables, cash and bank balances. The Group's total current liabilities at 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately HK$1,146.40 million, which comprised trade payables, other payables and accruals, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies, amounts due to substantial shareholders and tax payable. At 31 December 2022, the Group's gearing ratio, defined as lease liabilities divided by total equity, was approximately 0.21% (31 December 2021: 0.14%).

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## CAPITAL COMMITMENT

At 31 December 2022, the Group had a total capital commitment of approximately HK$460.58 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$407.56 million), contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial statements, which comprised (i) approximately HK$245.11 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$173.68 million) in respect of the construction and development of properties and (ii) approximately HK$215.47 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$233.88 million) in respect of the loan contributions payable to an associate.

## EXCHANGE RATES EXPOSURE

The Group derives its turnover, makes purchases and incurs expenses denominated mainly in RMB and HK$. The majority of assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB and HK$ and there are no significant assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies. Currently, the Group has not entered into agreements or purchased instruments to hedge the Group's exchange rate risks. Any material fluctuation in the exchange rates of HK$ or RMB may have an impact on the operating results of the Group. The exchange rate of RMB to HK$ is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government. The Group manages foreign currency risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At 31 December 2022, the Group has provided guarantees to financial institutions amounting to approximately HK$80.64 million (31 December 2021: approximately HK$87.16 million) in respect of the mortgage facilities for certain properties to the purchasers of the Group. Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, if there is default of the mortgage payments by these purchasers, the Group is responsible to repay the outstanding mortgage loans together with accrued interests thereon and any penalty owed by the defaulted purchasers to financial institutions. The Group is then entitled to take over the legal title of the related properties. Such guarantees will be released by financial institutions upon delivery of the properties to the purchasers and completion of the relevant mortgage properties registration.

## CHARGES ON ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not charge any of its assets (31 December 2021: Nil).

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emoluments of the employees of the Group are determined on the basis of their merit, qualification and competence. The management's remuneration proposals are reviewed and approved by the remuneration committee with reference to the Board's corporate goals and objectives. The emoluments of the directors and senior management of the Company are determined by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed 55 employees (excluding directors) (31 December 2021: 80 employees) and the related staff costs amounted to approximately HK$10.99 million (2021: approximately HK$12.43 million). Staff remuneration packages, which are reviewed annually, include salary/wage and other benefits, such as medical insurance coverage, provident fund and share options.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (the 'Company', and with its subsidiaries, collectively, the 'Group') is pleased to present its Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the 'ESG Report') with disclosure reference made to the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the 'ESG Reporting Guide') as contained in Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

## I. PREAMBLE

The Group actively adheres to environmental and social responsibilities. The Board of Directors (the 'Board') of the Company is ultimately responsible for leading the environmental, social and governance ('ESG') works by establishing dedicated teams to manage ESG issues within each business division. Designated staffs are assigned to enforce and supervise the implementation of relevant policies.

The Group is committed to making continuous improvements in corporate environmental protection aspect and social responsibility in order to meet the changing needs of an advancing society. The Group is pleased to present its ESG report this year to demonstrate its efforts on sustainable development.

## II. REPORTING PERIOD AND SCOPE OF THE REPORT

The ESG report covers the operational boundaries including the business of property development and investment in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') and the Group's office located in Hong Kong and PRC. The corporate governance aspect is addressed in more detailed in the Corporate Governance Report. The reporting period of this ESG report is for the financial year 2022, from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 ('FY2022'), unless specifically stated otherwise.

## III. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

To conduct of the Group's materiality assessment in identifying and understanding the main concerns and material interests to stakeholders in the ESG report, the Group has engaged with its stakeholders to do a materiality assessment survey. Stakeholders are selected based on stakeholder influence and stakeholder dependence on the Group. Stakeholders with high influence and high dependence on the Group are selected by the management of the Group. The selected stakeholders have been invited to express their views and concerns on major social and environment issues. The stakeholder engagement procedure has been conducted through online survey. For the ESG report in FY2022, the Group identified legal compliance on employment practices and operating practices as material concerns to the stakeholders.

After assessing the feedback from internal and external stakeholders through the online survey, the Group has reviewed sustainability strategies, practices and measures undertaken in FY2022 and highlighted material and relevant aspects throughout this report so as to align with the stakeholders' expectations.

## IV. ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

The Group is committed to the long-term sustainability of the environment and community in which it engages. The Group stringently controls the emissions and complies with environmental laws and ordinances in Hong Kong and the PRC during the daily operation. All offices and construction sites of the Group should implement effective energy conservation measures to reduce emissions and resources consumption.

This section will primarily disclose the policies and practices on the emissions, use of resources and environmental and natural resources of the Group during FY2022.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## A.1. Emissions

Set out below are the major emissions indicators of the Group during FY2022:

| CO Emissions  Emissions in 2022  (tonnes of carbon  dioxide equivalent)  Emissions from Electricity Consumption  3,010.96  Emissions from Processing Scrap Paper  3.48  Emissions from Processing Sewage  148.00  Total emissions  3,506.96   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group strictly adheres to relevant laws and regulations including but not limited to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC ( 《中國環境保護法》 ), the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution of the PRC ( 《中國大氣污染防治法》 ),  the  Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC ( 《中國水污染防治法》 ), Construction Law of the People 's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國建築法》 ), the Waste Disposal Ordinance, the Product Eco-responsibility Ordinance. The major environmental emissions of the Group include greenhouse gases (GHGs) generated indirectly from property electricity consumption, wastewater, solid waste and noise.

Understanding that the GHGs emission is positively correlated to the electricity consumption, the Group has tried to reduce the electricity consumption in its daily operation. The specific measures it takes will be explained in A2 Use of Resources.

The Group keeps regular quantitative sewage discharge statistics and built temporary septic tank on the construction site for preliminary wastewater treatment. The effluent is qualified to be discharged to the municipal sewage pipe network.

The Group keeps a detailed record on the solid waste generated from the construction site, which mainly includes land excavation waste, broken bricks, mortar, concrete and packaging materials. To reduce the solid waste emission, the Group uses the land excavation waste to backfill where in need and sells the packaging materials to the recycle station for further recycle. The broken bricks, mortar and concrete are collected by professional company for reproduction. The Group also adopts energy-saving and environmental-protection building materials to reduce unnecessary waste generation and energy consumption.

The Group has taken necessary measures to prevent noise pollution and never receives any negative complain on noise nuisance from the surrounding residents and gets along with the local community very well all the time. The specific measures are listed as below:

- The	Group	conducts	real-time	monitoring	and	control	of	noise	in	the	construction	site	to	ensure	the	noise emission is up to the national standard;
- The	Group	requires	using	equipment	of	low	noise	and	low	vibration;	and
- The	Group	takes	measures	of	noise	insulation	and	vibration	isolation	around	the	construction	site.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## A.2. Use of Resources

The Group complies with relevant laws and regulations in the use of resources including but not limited to Energy Conservation Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國節約能源法》 ), Provisions on the Management of Water Conservation in Cities ( 《城市節約⽤水管理規定》 )and Construction Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國建築法》 ). Resources used by the Group mainly include electricity, water and construction raw materials.

To reduce the electricity consumption, the Group has conducted the following practices:

- Hold	monthly	education	on	saving	electricity	among	the	employees;
- Put	up	signs	next	to	the	switches,	computers	and	air	conditioners	to	remind	employees	to	turn	them	off when possible;
- Replace	the	traditional	bulbs	by	LED	energy-saving	bulbs	in	the	offices;	and
- Adopt	more	energy-saving	and	electricity-saving	mechanical	equipment.

To reduce the water consumption, the Group has conducted the following practices:

- Hold	monthly	education	on	saving	water	among	the	employees;
- Adopt	water-saving	equipment	instead	of	traditional	one;
- Use	groundwater	or	spring	as	greening	water	and	road	cleaning	water;	and
- Use rain or spring for construction and maintenance in the construction site.

Raw material consumed by the Group include steel, concrete, masonry materials, stone, water supply and drainage pipelines, electrical pipelines, etc. To save raw materials and improve its utilization efficiency, the Group has conducted the following practices:

- Use	aerated	blocks	to	reduce	the	weight	of	the	wall;
- Adopt	new	polymer	waterproofing	membrane	to	prevent	water	penetration;
- Use	hollow	glass	tiles	for	insulation;
- Optimize	construction	plan	and	construction	techniques	to	improve	material	utilization;	and
- Establish	the	material	management	system	to	limit	picking	materials,	excess	materials	should	be	applied and approved by relevant department heads.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## A.3. The Environment and Natural Resources

The Group is in strict compliance with the relevant laws and regulations including Law of the People's Republic of China on Circular Economy Promotion ( 《中華人民共和國循環經濟促進法》 ), Environmental Impact Assessment Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國環境影響評價法》 )  and Regulations on Environmental Protection of Construction Projects ( 《建設專案環境保護管理條例》 ).

The Group closely links its concept of green building to the construction projects as below:

- Adopt	the	green	building	design	concept	in	the	construction	phase;
- Adhere	to	the	Green	Construction	Guidelines	( 《綠色施工導則》 )  for  housing and urban and rural construction during construction;
- Achieve	'four	environmental	protection' （ 「四節⼀環保」 ） measures under the premise of quality and safety;
- Establish	green	construction	management	system	in	the	project	management;	and
- Control	planning,	purchasing,	site	construction,	acceptance	and	other	stages.

Furthermore, the Group values the greening within the scope of operation and carefully designs and adopts landscaping in the property scope. The total green area in the community reaches 15,000 square meters with 30% net green rate.

## V. SOCIAL SUSTAINABILITY EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES

## B.1.   Employment

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 55 employees in Hong Kong and the PRC which comprises:

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

The Group treasures talent as it is the most valuable asset and key for driving the success and maintaining sustainability of the corporation. The Group is striving to provide them with a safety and suitable platform for developing career professionalism and advancement.

The human resources policies strictly adhere to the applicable employment laws and regulations in Hong Kong and PRC, including the Employment Ordinance, Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance, Employees' Compensation Ordinance, Minimum Wage Ordinance, Labour Law of the PRC ( 中華人民共和國勞動法 )  and Labour Contract Law of the PRC ( 中華人民共和國勞動合同法 ). The Group also complies with the employees' social security schemes that are enforced by the local government to provide employee benefits. The Human Resources and Administration Department reviews and updates the relevant company policies such as Staff Handbook regularly in accordance with the latest laws and regulations. The Group also attached the compliance on regulations for minimum wages and working hours in local operating regions.

To attract high-calibre workforce, the Group offers competitive and fair remuneration and benefits based on individuals' past performance, personal attributes, job experiences and career aspiration. The Group also makes reference to market benchmarks. Talent acquisition is vital to its business future development. In order to retain talents, the Group constantly reviews its compensation package and performs probationary and regular evaluations according to the overall market environment, profitability of the Group and employee performance in the past to determine the staff salary adjustment. This ensures that employees are recognised by the Group appropriately with regard to their working efforts and contributions. Meanwhile, any termination of employment contract would be based on reasonable and lawful grounds. The Group strictly prohibits any kinds of unfair or unreasonable dismissals.

The Group determines working hours and rest period for employees in line with local employment laws and employment contracts with employees. In addition to statutory holidays stipulated by the employment law of the local government such as the basic paid annual leave, employees may also be entitled to additional leave entitlements such as marriage leave, maternity leave and compassionate leave.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

As an equal opportunity employer, the Group is committed to create a fair, respectful and diverse working environment by promoting anti-discrimination and equal opportunity in terms of all human resources and employment decisions, for instance, training and promotion opportunities, dismissals and retirement policies irrespective of their age, sex, marital status, pregnancy, family status, disability, race, colour, descent, national or ethnic origins, nationality, religion or any other non-job related factors in all business units. The equal opportunities policy enforces zero tolerance to any workplace discrimination, harassment or vilification in accordance to local ordinances and regulations such as Hong Kong's Disability Discrimination Ordinance and Sex Discrimination Ordinance. The Group has set up the reporting mechanism and equal opportunities policies in the Staff Handbook to promote a diversity environment in the working place and the Human Resources and Administration Department is fully responsible for strictly comply with national and corporate regulations on assessing, dealing with, recording and taking disciplinary actions on such events.

In  terms of internal coaching and communication, effective two-way communication between general staff and managerial staff is highly encouraged. Employees maintain timely and smooth communication with the management, colleagues and partners of the companies within the Group through the email, training, social networks and meeting. The interactive communication benefits the Group's decision-making process and results a barrier-free employeremployee relationship. In addition, the Group hosted a series of activities for its employees in FY2022 such as monthly birthday parties, festival gatherings and banquets. These events helped employees to relieve stress, and served to exemplify the Group's corporate culture of the spirit of solidarity and cohesion among its employees.

## B.2. Health and Safety

To provide and maintain a good working condition and a safe and healthy working environment, safety and health policies are in line with various laws and regulations stipulated by the Government of Hong Kong and PRC, including Hong Kong's Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and Employees' Compensation Ordinance, Occupational Disease Prevention Law in PRC ( 中華人民共和國職業病防治法 )  and Regulation on Work-Related Injury Insurance ( 工傷保險條例 ).

The Group has established a comprehensive mechanism in committing the workplace safety by incorporating a range of occupational health and safety measures for all of its employees in the office. The Group prohibits smoking and drinking liquor in workplace, adjust moderate indoor temperature, carries out the disinfection treatment of carpets, carries out the health check for employees, conducts emergency response drill and safety inspection at regular intervals in the offices with an aim to maintain a clean, tidy, smoke-free, non-toxic, nonhazardous, healthy and safe working environment in the office. Besides, the Group held occupational health trainings to enhance the employees' health awareness. The Group targets to achieve accident-free workplace environment.

## B.3.   Development and Training

The Group offers different training and development opportunities to staff in order to strengthen work-related skills and knowledge and improving operational efficiency through the OA system. For new hired employees, the Group provides comprehensive orientation training to understand corporate history and culture, Group's internal policies and business development. For experienced staff, the Group provides relevant training with regard to their roles and positions such as taxation updates, implementation on operating systems, risk  control  management and business compliance updates. All staff must undergo at least 4 hours of training every calendar year. The Group aims to foster a learning culture that could strengthen employees' professional knowledge, and meanwhile, benefiting the Group as employees expected to achieve better working performance after receiving appropriate training. Besides, the Group also encourages employees to attend external training for enhancing their competitiveness and expanding their capacity through continuous learning. The Group may offer sponsorship to eligible employees for attending job-related training/development programs or academic programs.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B.4.   Labour Standards

The Group strictly abides by the Employment Ordinance of Hong Kong, Labour Law of the PRC, Labour Contract Law of the PRC and other related labour laws and regulations in operating regions to prohibit any child and forced labour employment.

To combat against illegal employment on child labour, underage workers and forced labour, prior to confirmation of employment, the Group's human resources staff requires job applicants to provide valid identity documents to ensure that the applicants are lawfully employable. The Human Resources and Administration Department is responsible to monitor and ensure compliance of latest and relevant laws and regulations that prohibits child labour and forced labour. The Legal Department shall supervise the enforcement of these procedures.

## OPERATING PRACTICES

## B.5. Supply Chain Management

As a socially responsible enterprise, it is critical and vital to maintain and manage a sustainable and reliable supply chain. Each of the operating subsidies monitors the quality of suppliers and supply chain practice on a strict and continuous basis.

For property development and investment business, the Group generally outsources construction work to independent construction companies that specialise in different aspects of property development. The project company of the Group oversees the procurement of construction materials and services and is responsible for sourcing relevant suppliers through existing supplier list, online media, referral, industry publications and public tendering. The Group performs site inspection to assess the potential contractor's reputation for quality and price, equipment and management status, whether the technical capacity meets the standards and specifications required for each development project and their social and environmental responsibility. Once the eligible tender has been selected, the project company works closely with the selected contractors in the execution of the development plans and closely monitor each phase of the construction to oversee the quality and timetable of completion of each project and to control costs. In addition, the Group requires construction companies to comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to the quality of construction as well as its own standards and specifications.

The suppliers are also subject to the Group's quality control procedures, including the examination on quality of materials and supplies, monitoring supply capacity and understanding financial position of the suppliers to ensure the stability of supply chain. The Group maintains good and long-term relationship with selected suppliers by establishing mutual trust and understanding.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B.6. Product Responsibility

As a property developer, the business activities of the Group are extensively regulated by the policies and other laws and regulations of the PRC Government including but not limited to The Administrative Regulations on the Work Safety of Construction Projects ( 建設工程安全生產管理條例 ), Construction Law of the PRC ( 中華人民共和 國建築法 ), Law of the PRC on the Protection of Production Safety ( 中華人民共和國安全生產法 ), Environmental Protection Law of the PRC ( 中華人民共和國環境保護法 ) and Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Ambient Noise Pollution ( 中華人民共和國環境噪聲污染防治法 ).

The Group sets up the product quality targets and formulates the corresponding technical standards and construction plans in the project planning. Besides, the project department shall regularly check whether the progress of the construction is in line with the project plan. When a material deviation is found, decisive measures shall be taken to adjust and coordinate the construction plan immediately.

The project company has the responsibility of safe management throughout the whole process of construction and operation. The Group sets up the reporting mechanism and contingency plan for public emergencies in construction site to ensure that the safety incident reporting is efficiently and timely. Besides, the Group carries out the necessary safety protection measures for special personnel and on-site workers and regularly organises workers for physical examination to ensure worker's health. In addition, the Group insures against liability for personal injuries that may occur to its employees during the construction of the Group's properties. The Group also purchases employee-related insurance, such as medical insurance and social welfare insurance, for its employees. The project responsible manager and professional engineer carries out engineering inspection and appraise the work of contractors on the quality of different phases in construction regularly. The safety and quality of the Group's properties are monitored at all stages of construction to ensure they meet the high standards and stringent requirements in place.

The Group pays paramount importance to opinion from the customers/distributors. Group's customer services department is set up for collecting the comment from the market and providing immediate response for products' inquiries through placing the opinion box in office and setting up 24 hours hotline. Through the internal and external communication channels, the Group can obtain first hand and intimate knowledge from customers/ distributors.

The Group has issued internal guideline to ensure our marketing department are providing accurate and precise descriptions and information to customers who comply with the relevant laws and regulations for local operations such as Advertising Law of the PRC. Any misrepresentation or exaggeration of offerings made by our staffs is strictly prohibited. The Group has legal counsel to prevent violations of our advertising and labelling practices.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group committed in abiding by the PRC's Consumer Protection Law ( 中華人民共和國消費者權益保護 法 )  and Hong Kong's Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance to ensure customers' rights are strictly protected. Information collected from customers would only be used for the purpose for which it has been collected. The Group prohibits the provision of information to a third party without authorisation. All collected personal data during the course of business are treated as confidential and kept securely, accessible by designated personnel only. The Group strives to ensure it is complying with the relevant laws and regulations in business operation.

## B.7.   Anti-corruption

To maintain a fair, ethical and efficient business and working environment, the Group strictly adheres to the local laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption and bribery irrespective of the area or country where the Group is conducting business such as Law of the PRC on Anti-money Laundering ( 中華人民共和國反洗錢法 ) and Hong Kong's Prevention of Bribery Ordinance ( 防止賄賂條例 ).

The Group has formulated comprehensive internal operating manuals and financial management policies. Also, the Group has strictly enforced the code of conduct which consists of policies related to bribery, illegal gifts, entertainment and commissions and anti-corruption. This code provides reporting channels and guidance for any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice within the Group that it will not be tolerated any form of corruption. All employees are expected to discharge their duties with integrity and self-disciplined, and they are required to abstain from engaging bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering activities or any activities which might exploit their positions against the Group's interests and affect their business decision or independent judgment in the course of business operations. Commitment on Prevention of Commercial Bribery/ Integrity Cooperation Agreement ( 預防商業賄賂承諾書 / 廉潔合作協定 )  is  signed by employees, business units and individuals to further regulate the parties' behaviour and strength the honestly and integrity in the business transactions.

Whistle-blowers can report verbally or in writing to CEO or immediate supervisor for any suspected misconduct or malpractice with full details and supporting evidence. The management would conduct investigations against any suspicious or illegal behaviour to protect the Group's interests. The Group advocates a confidentiality mechanism to protect the whistle-blowers against unfair dismissal or victimisation. Where criminality is suspected, a report is made to the relevant regulators or law enforcement authorities when the management considers necessary.

## COMMUNITY

## B.8. Community Investment

The Group aims to promote economic and social development and build a harmonious society with the enterprise development. Therefore, it positively returns to the community in various forms including organizing volunteering activities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The board of directors (the 'Board') of Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (the 'Company') has been committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance within the Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') in order to enhance the transparency in disclosure of material information. The Board considers such commitment is essential for internal management, financial management and protection of shareholders' interest and believes that maintaining a high standard of corporate governance benefits all shareholders, investors, and its business as a whole. The Company has applied the principles and complied with the requirements of the Corporate Governance Code (the 'CG Code') as set out in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules') throughout the period for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the 'Model Code') as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, they confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

## THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board is responsible for reviewing, evaluating and finalising the Company's strategies and policies, annual budgets, business plans and performance, and has full access to adequate, reliable and timely information on the Group so as to enable them to make a timely decision. It also has the collective responsibility for leadership and control of, and for promoting the success of, the Group by directing and supervising the Group's affairs.

One of the roles of the Board is to protect and enhance shareholders' value. The Board acts with integrity and due care for the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Leading the Group in a responsible and effective manner, the Board adopts formal terms of reference which detail its functions and responsibilities, including, but not limited to, ensuring competent management, approving objectives, strategies and business plans and monitoring integrity in the Company's conduct of affairs. The management is obliged to supply the Board with adequate information in a timely manner to enable the members to make informed decisions and to discharge their duties and responsibilities. Each director has separate and independent access to the Group's senior management to acquire more information and to make further enquiries if necessary.

The Board is also responsible for performing the corporate governance duties of the Company. The duties of the Board on corporate governance functions includes developing and reviewing the Group's policies and practices on corporate governance, reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and reviewing the Group's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.

The Board currently comprises two Executive Directors, namely Mr. Huang Shih Tsai and Ms. Huang Wenxi; one Nonexecutive Director, namely Mr. Li Xiaohua; and three Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheng Hong Kei, Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum. Mr. Huang Shih Tsai is the father of Ms. Huang Wenxi. The Company will continue in seeking right candidates for board members so as to achieve a balanced and diversified composition of the Board which can effectively exercise independent judgement.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each director has different professional and industrial experience, which enable them to make valuable and diversified advice and guidance to the Group's activities and development. Details of the background and qualifications of the directors of the Company are set out on pages 3 to 4 of this annual report. The Company has received, from each of the Independent Non-executive Director, an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the Independent Non-executive Directors are independent.

Candidates to be nominated as directors are experienced, high calibre individuals. Under the Articles of Association of the Company, any director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after his appointment and shall then be subject to re-election by the shareholders. Apart from this, every director, including the non-executive director, is subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, inclusive of the quarterly regular meetings according to the CG Code, the Board held a total of 4 board meetings. The attendance of each director is set out on page 23.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

On 23 August 2007, Ms. Huang Wenxi was designated as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company whereas Mr. Huang Shih Tsai was appointed as the Chairman of the Company on 29 June 2007. Mr. Huang Shih Tsai is the father of Ms. Huang Wenxi. From 23 August 2007 onwards, the role of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are segregated, with a clear division of responsibilities. The primary role of the Chairman is to provide leadership for the Board and to ensure that it works effectively in the discharge of its responsibilities. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group's business.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees in accordance with the CG Code, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties and are able to seek independent professional advice when appropriate and upon request. Details of these board committees, including their compositions, major responsibilities and functions, and work performed during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below:

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee currently comprises one Executive Director, namely Mr. Huang Shih Tsai; and three Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheng Hong Kei (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum. It reviews and determines the policy for the remuneration of directors and senior management of the Company.

The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee are:

- (i) conducting regular review of the remuneration policy of Group's directors and senior management;
- (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the Company's policy and structure for all remuneration of directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing such remuneration policy;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (iii) making recommendation to the Board on remuneration packages of the Company's directors;
- (iv) determining remuneration packages of senior management proposed by the directors of the Company that will attract, motivate and retain the competent staff;
- (v) reviewing and approving performance-based remuneration by reference to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time;
- (vi) reviewing and approving compensation payable to executive directors and senior management in connection with any loss or termination of their office or appointment or any compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of director for misconduct; and
- (vii) recommending the Board of the structure of long-term incentive plans for executive directors and certain senior management.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, 1 remuneration committee meeting was held to review and approve the remuneration of the directors of the Company and discretionary bonus of the senior management of the Company. The attendance of each committee member is set out on page 23.

## Audit Committee

The Audit Committee comprises three Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheng Hong Kei (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum. The Audit Committee meets with the Group's senior management regularly to review the effectiveness of the internal control systems and the interim and annual reports of the Group.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee are:

- (i) making recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor and any resignation and dismissal of that auditor;
- (ii) reviewing and monitoring the independence and objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standard;
- (iii) liaising with the Board, senior management and the auditors to monitor the integrity of financial statements, the interim and annual reports in particular on its accounting policies and practices and compliance with accounting standards, the Listing Rules and other legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;
- (iv) reviewing the financial control, internal control and risk management system to ensure the management of the Company discharge its duty to have an effective internal control system; and
- (v) reviewing the report and management letter submitted by external auditors; and considering any findings of major investigations of internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and management's response.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, 4 audit committee meetings were held to discuss the arrangement of the annual audit; review the financial results and the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group for the year; and also the reviewed report on reviewing the financial system and internal control procedures of the Group.

## Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprises one Executive Director, namely Mr. Huang Shih Tsai (chairman of the Nomination Committee) and two Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Lum Pak Sum. The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee are:

- (a) reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the board to complement the Company's corporate strategy;
- (b) identifying and nominating for approval of the Board suitably qualified candidates as additional directors or to fill Board vacancies as they arise;
- (c) making recommendations to the Board with respect to the re-election by shareholders of any director under the relevant provisions in the Company's Articles of Association;
- (d) assessing the independence of the candidates in the case of appointment and re-appointment of independent non-executive directors having regard to relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in place from time to time; and
- (e) assessing the independence of independent non-executive directors on an annual basis having regard to relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in place from time to time.

1 meeting was held by the Nomination Committee during the year ended 31 December 2022 to make recommendation to the board on the re-appointment of directors.

## DIRECTORS' ATTENDANCE AT BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

The following table shows the attendance of Directors at general meetings and meetings of the Board and Committees during the year ended 31 December 2022:

| General  Meeting  Board  Meeting  Meeting  of Audit  Committee  Meeting of  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting of  Nomination  Committee  Executive Directors  Huang Shih Tsai  1/1  4/4  N/A  1/1  1/1  Huang Wenxi  1/1  4/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  Non-executive Director  Mr. Li Xiaohua (appointed on  6 October 2022)  0/1  0/4  N/A  N/A  N/A  Independent Non-executive Directors  Cheng Hong Kei  1/1  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1  Leung Kwan, Hermann  1/1  4/4  4/4  1/1  N/A  Lum Pak Sum  1/1  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DELEGATION BY THE BOARD

The Board is responsible for determining the overall strategy and corporate development and ensuring the business operations are properly monitored. The Board reserves the right to decide all policy matters of the Group and material transactions. The Board delegates the day-to-day operations to senior staffs that are responsible for different aspects of the operations of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITIES

The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance coverage in respect of legal action against the Directors in compliance with the CG Code. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis.

## TRAINING AND SUPPORT FOR DIRECTORS

Each newly appointed Director shall receive induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment, so as to ensure that he/she has appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company. The Company will also arrange and provide finance for suitable training, placing an appropriate emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of its Directors.

All  Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The Company has arranged suitable trainings for Directors in the form of seminar and provision of training materials. A summary of training received by Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 according to the records provided by the Directors is as follows:

| Name of Directors  Training on corporate  governance, insider  information and other  relevant topics  Executive Directors  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  ✓  Ms. Huang Wenxi  ✓  Non-executive Director  Mr. Li Xiaohua  ✓  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Cheng Hong Kei  ✓  Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann  ✓  Mr. Lum Pak Sum  ✓   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The Board is responsible to ensure the preparation of the financial statements of the Company and the Group is in accordance with the relevant statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards and to ensure the published financial statements should be in a timely manner and can provide a true and fair view of the business and financial information of the Group. In preparing the financial statements, the Board has adopted Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirement of the Companies Ordinances that are relevant to its operations.

The Board was not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that might cast significant doubt upon the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, the Board has prepared the financial statements on a going concern basis.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The responsibilities of the external auditor about its financial reporting are set out in the Independent Auditor's Report attached to the Company's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The Board has conducted a review of the effectiveness of the Group's internal control system with an aim to safeguard the shareholders' investment and the Group's assets in compliance with the provision of the CG Code. The purpose is to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements, errors, losses or fraud, and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in achieving the Group's business objectives.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

Remuneration paid and payable to the auditor of the Company in respect of Its services for the year ended 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Services rendered  HK$'000  Audit services  900   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

## AUDITOR

There has been no change of auditors for the preceding three years.

## INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining sound and effective internal control and risk management systems in order to safeguard the Group's assets and shareholders' interests, and review and monitor the effectiveness of the Group's internal control and risk management systems on a regular basis so as to ensure that the internal control and risk management systems in place are adequate. The purpose is to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material misstatements, errors, losses or fraud, and to manage rather than eliminate risks of failure in achieving the Group's business objectives.

The Group does not have an internal audit function due to the size of the Group and for cost effectiveness consideration. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board, through its Audit Committee carries out reviews on the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems. The Audit Committee had reported during the Audit Committee meetings the key findings identified by the Company's external auditor in respect of the Group's internal controls and risk management and discussed findings and actions or measures taken in addressing those findings. The Company considers the internal control and risk management system is effective during the year under review. No material issues on the Group's internal control and risk management system have been identified during the year ended 31 December 2022 which required significant rectification works.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Yeung Lee was appointed as the secretary of the Company on 26 August 2016. Ms. Yeung confirmed that she had attained no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2022. Her biography details are set out in section headed 'Directors and Senior Management Profiles' in this annual report.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting and to put forward proposals at Shareholders' meeting

Any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-twentieth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board of the Company by mail at Room 6668, 66/F., The Center, 99 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting on the date not more than 28 days after the date on which the notice convening the meeting is given, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing them to the secretary of the Company by mail at Room 6668, 66/F., The Center, 99 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong. The company secretary of the Company is responsible for forwarding communications relating to matters within the Board's direct responsibilities to the Board and communications relating to ordinary business matters, such as suggestions and inquiries, to the chief executive officer of the Company.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

## Constitutional Documents

During the year ended 31 December 2022, no change has been made in the Company's constitutional documents.

## Communication with Shareholders

The Company believes in regular and timely communication with shareholders as part of its efforts to help shareholders understand its business better and the way the Company operates. To promote effective communication with the public at large, the Company maintains a website (www.greatchinaproperties.com) on which comprehensive information about the Company's major businesses, financial information and announcements, annual and interim reports and shareholders circulars are being made available.

The Board is endeavour to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders. The chairman of the Board and members of the Board Committee will attend the annual general meeting to answer questions.

Voting at general meetings of the Company is conducted by way of poll in accordance with the Listing Rules. The poll results will be announced at general meetings and published on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors (the 'Board') is pleased to present their annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details of the principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on page 41.

The Board does not recommend the payment of any dividend in respect of the year.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A business review of the Group during the year and a discussion on the Group's future business development are set out in the sections heading 'Business Review' under the Management Discussion And Analysis of this report. The description of possible risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the five years ended 31 December 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, as extracted from the published audited consolidated financial statements, is set out on page 114. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment, and investment properties of the Group during the year are set out in notes 13 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively. Further details of the Group's investment properties are set out on page 115.

## SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OPTIONS

Details of movements in the Company's share capital and share options during the year are set out in notes 30 and 31, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 38(a) to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively. At 31 December 2022, the Company had no reserve available for distribution at 31 December 2021: Nil).

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company during the year or during the period from the end of the year to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

Huang Shih Tsai Huang Wenxi

## Non-executive Director

Li Xiaohua (appointed on 6 October 2022)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Cheng Hong Kei Leung Kwan, Hermann Lum Pak Sum

The directors of the Company's subsidiaries in Hong Kong during the year or during the period from the end of the year to the date of this report were Ms. Huang Wenxi and Ms. Yeung Lee.

In accordance with clause 103(A) of the Articles, Mr. Cheng Hong Kei, Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum will retire by rotation. Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company ('AGM'). Mr. Lum Pak Sum shall retire from office as an independent non-executive director with effect from the conclusion of the AGM and will not offer himself for re-election. Mr. Lum Pak Sum has confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board and there are no other matters that need to be brought to the attention of the Shareholders in relation to his retirement.

In accordance with clause 94 of the Articles, Mr. Li Xiaohua shall hold office until the AGM and being eligible, offer himself for re-election at the AGM.

Each of Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann has served as independent non-executive director for more than 9 years. Notwithstanding that each of Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann has served as independent non-executive director for more than nine years, (i) the Board has assessed and reviewed the annual confirmation of independence based on the criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and affirmed that each of Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann remains independent; (ii) the nomination committee of the Company has assessed and is satisfied of the independence of each of Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann; and (iii) the Board considers that each of Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann remains independent of management and free of any relationship which could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment. In view of the aforesaid factors and the fact that the experience and knowledge of the relevant individuals in the business sectors in which the Company operates, the Board would recommend Mr. Cheng Hong Kei and Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

Save as prescribed in the Listing Rules and the respective service contracts, the term of office of each Independent Non-executive Director is for a period from the date of appointment up to the next annual general meeting and subjected to rotation pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the directors of the Company and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 3 to 4 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of any business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year.

## MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

After consideration, the directors are of the opinion that no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Company's business to which its subsidiaries, was a party and in which a director of the Company or a connected entity of the director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

At 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the 'SFO')) (i) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules, were as follows:

## Long positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company:

| Number of Shares/underlying Shares interested  Approximate  percentage  of the issued  Name of Directors  Capacity in which  interests are held  Personal  interests  Corporate  interests  Underlying  interests  Total  share capital  of the Company  (Note 1)  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  (Note 2)  Beneficial Owner  1,848,162,476  -  1,000,000  1,849,162,476  46.52  Ms. Huang Wenxi  (Note 3)  Beneficial Owner  353,667,996  282,133,413  1,000,000  636,801,409  16.02  Mr. Cheng Hong Kei  (Note 4)  Beneficial Owner  -  -  1,000,000  1,000,000  0.03  Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann  (Note 4)  Beneficial Owner  -  -  1,000,000  1,000,000  0.03  Mr. Lum Pak Sum  (Note 4)  Beneficial Owner  -  -  1,000,000  1,000,000  0.03   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The percentage shareholding in the Company is calculated on the basis of 3,975,233,406 shares in issue at 31 December 2022.
2. The interest disclosed represents (i) Mr. Huang's personal interest in 1,848,162,476 shares; and (ii) 1,000,000 unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2011 Share Option Scheme.
3. The interest disclosed represents (i) Ms. Huang's personal interest in 353,667,996 shares; (ii) 282,133,413 shares held by Brilliant China Group Limited which is 100% owned by Ms. Huang; and (iii) 1,000,000 unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2011 Share Option Scheme.
4. The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the 2011 Share Option Scheme.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save as disclosed above, at 31 December 2022, none of the directors and chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (i) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules.

## ARRANGEMENTS FOR ACQUISITION OF SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Pursuant to the share option scheme of the Company, on 23 January 2013, directors of the Company, Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, Ms. Huang Wenxi, Mr. Cheng Hong Kei, Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum, were granted options to subscribe for 5,000,000 ordinary shares of Company in total at the exercise price of HK$0.44. At the end of the year, 5,000,000 share options remained outstanding. The arrangement has been accounted for in the consolidated financial statements as a share-based payment transaction as disclosed in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements. The directors who held office at any time during the year and held, or whose nominees held, shares acquired under the arrangement include Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, Ms. Huang Wenxi, Mr. Cheng Hong Kei, Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum.

## INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS DISCLOSEABLE UNDER THE SFO

At 31 December 2022, so far as is known to any director or chief executive of the Company, the following person (other than a director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or, who was, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the Group.

## Long positions in the share of the Company

| Name of Shareholders  Type of interests  Total number of  shares held  Approximate  percentage  holding of total  issued shares  Brilliant China Group Limited  Corporate  282,133,413  7.10   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Brilliant China Group Limited ('Brilliant China') is a company 100% owned by Ms. Huang Wenxi. By virtue of the SFO, Ms. Huang Wenxi is deemed to be interested in 282,133,413 shares held by Brilliant China. Ms. Huang is the sole director of Brilliant China.

Save as disclosed above, at 31 December 2022, the Company has not been notified of any other person (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or, who was, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the financial year and up to the date of this report, the Company has in force indemnity provisions as permitted under the relevant statutes for the benefit of the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The permitted indemnity provisions are provided for in the Company's Articles of Association and in the directors and officers liability insurance maintained for the Group in respect of potential liability and costs associated with legal proceedings that may be brought against such directors.

## INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received, from each of its independent non-executive directors, an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee has also assessed the independence of the independent non-executive directors and was satisfied that they were independent. Thus, the Company considers all of the independent non-executive directors are independent.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

At 31 December 2022, the interests of directors and their respective associates in businesses which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with business of the Group:

| Name of Director  Name of entity  whose businesses  were considered to  compete or likely  to compete with  the businesses  of the Group  Description of  businesses of the  entity which were  considered to compete  with the businesses  of the Group  Nature of interest  of the Director  in the entity  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  GCI #  Property development and  investment  Ultimate beneficial  owner and director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Such businesses may be carried out through its subsidiaries or associates of the entity concerned or by way of other forms of investments. As the Board is independent from the board of the abovementioned company and no director of the Company can control the Board, the Group is capable of carrying on its businesses independently of, and at arm's length from, the businesses of such companies.

At 31 December 2022, save as disclosed above, none of the directors or their respective associates was interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete either directly or indirectly, with business of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code') as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the directors. Having made specific enquiry of all directors, they confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company has adopted and complied generally with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules throughout the year ended 31 December 2022. Details of the Corporate Governance Report of the Company are set out in pages 20 to 26.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

The Company adopted a share option scheme on 23 May 2011 (the '2011 Share Option Scheme'). Particulars of share options outstanding under the 2011 Share Option Scheme at the beginning and at the end of the year ended 31 December 2022 and share options granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the 2011 Share Option Scheme during such period are as follows:

| Participants  Date of grant  Exercise period  of share option  Exercise  price of  share options  Number of  share options  held at  1 January  2022  Granted during  the year ended  31 December  2022  Exercised  during the  year ended  31 December  2022  Lapsed/  cancelled  during the  year ended  31 December  2022  Number of  share options  held at  31 December  2022  HK$  Directors  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Ms. Huang Wenxi  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Mr. Cheng Hong Kei  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Mr. Lum Pak Sum  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Sub-total  5,000,000  -  -  -  5,000,000  Employees  23/1/2013  23/1/2015 to  22/1/2023  0.440  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Total  5,500,000  -  -  -  5,500,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022, the Company had 5,500,000 share options outstanding under the 2011 Share Option Scheme. Subsequent to the year end, the exercisable period has lapsed without extension. None of the participants have exercised the Company's share options and the unexercised share options were then forfeited.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emoluments of the employees of the Group are determined on the basis of their merit, qualification and competence. The management's remuneration proposals are reviewed and approved by the remuneration committee with reference to the Board's corporate goals and objectives.

The emoluments of the directors and senior management of the Company are determined by the remuneration committee of the Company, having regard to the Company's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. Details of the directors' emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

At 31 December 2022, the Group employed 55 employees (excluding directors) (31 December 2021: 80 employees) and the related staff costs amounted to approximately HK$10,990,000 (31 December 2021: approximately HK$12,431,000). Staff remuneration packages, which are reviewed annually, include salary/wage and other benefits, such as medical insurance coverage, provident fund and share options.

## RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME

Details of the Group's retirement benefit scheme for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out on page 71 under subtitle of 'Other employee benefits'.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the aggregate sales attributable to the largest and five largest customers of the Group accounted for 13.29% and 43.01% respectively of the Group's total sales in the year.

At no time during the year did a director, an associate of a director or a shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) have an interest in any of the Group's major customer.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's Articles of Association which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors, as at the date of this report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float of not less than 25% of the Company's issued shares as required under the Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has an Audit Committee which was established in accordance with the requirements as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules, for the purposes of reviewing and providing supervision over the Group's financial reporting process and internal controls. The Audit Committee comprises three Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company, namely Mr. Cheng Hong Kei (Chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann and Mr. Lum Pak Sum. The Group's final result for the year ended 31 December 2022 has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

## AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 were audited by Mazars CPA Limited.

There has been no change of auditors for the preceding three years.

On behalf of the Board

## Huang Shih Tsai

Chairman

Hong Kong, 12 April 2023

## mazars

## To the members of Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited

(formerly known as Great China Properties Holdings Limited) (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (formerly known as Great China Properties Holdings Limited) (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 41 to 113, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group at 31 December 2022, and of its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the 'HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

MAZARS CPA LIMITED

42nd Floor; Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong

Kong

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key Audit Matter

## Impairment assessment of goodwill

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Our key procedures, among others, included:

Refer to Notes 3 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements. ·

At  31  December 2022, the Group had goodwill of HK$203,086,000 relating to the acquisition of a wholly owned subsidiary.

For  the  purpose  of  annual  impairment  review,  the goodwill  was  allocated  to  cash  generating  units (the  'CGUs') and the management determined the recoverable amounts of the CGUs based on value in use calculation using cash flow projections. This requires significant management judgement with respect to the budgeted gross margin, discount rate and underlying cash flows and therefore it  is  identified  as  a  key audit matter. In order to support the management's estimation,  the  Group  engaged  an  independent professional valuer (the 'Valuer') to perform valuation on the CGUs at the end of the reporting period.

The management concluded that there is no impairment of goodwill.

We have identified the above matter as a key audit matter because of the significance of the carrying value of  the  goodwill  and  the  significant  judgements  and estimations involved in the estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated, including expected future cash flows and the discount rate.

reviewing	the	valuation	report	of	the	Valuer and holding discussions with the management and the Valuer to understand and assess the valuation basis and methodology used, and underlying assumptions applied;

- evaluating	 the	 objectivity,	 capabilities	 and competence of the Valuer;
- assessing	 the	 reasonableness	 of	 the	 key assumptions, methodologies adopted and key inputs (including budgeted gross margin and discount rate) used in the value in use calculation in the valuation performed by the Valuer; and
- evaluating	the	result	of	sensitivity	analysis	on reasonably possible downside changes in key assumptions.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

| ## Key Audit Matter  ## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  ## Valuation of properties under development and properties held for sale  Refer to Notes 3, 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements.  At 31 December 2022, the Group had various properties under development and properties held for sale (the 'Properties')  located  in  the  People's  Republic  of China with carrying amounts of HK$607,386,000 and HK$803,985,000, respectively.  The Properties are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value on an individual property basis. Net realisable value is estimated at the actual or estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale. The net realisable value was determined by the Group with reference to the valuation performed by the Valuer engaged by the Group.  The estimation of net realisable value of the Properties, which are material, involved significant judgements and estimations including the determination of valuation techniques and the selection of different inputs in the models. Therefore, it is identified as a key audit matter.  Our key procedures, among others, included:  - reviewing	the	valuation	report	of	the	Valuer and holding discussions with the management and the Valuer to understand and assess the valuation basis and methodology used, and underlying assumptions applied;  - evaluating	 the	 objectivity,	 capabilities	 and competence of the Valuer;  - assessing	and	challenging	the	reasonableness of  the  construction  budgets  and  estimated costs  necessary  to  make  the  sale  of  the Properties  by  comparing  them  to  actual construction costs and necessary selling costs incurred for other properties developed by the Group; and  - obtaining,	on	a	sample	basis,	the	underlying data  including  comparables  of  market transactions being used and assessing the appropriateness.   |
|---|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  Valuation of completed investment properties  Refer to Notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial  statements.  The Group's completed investment properties measured at  fair  value  amounted  to  HK$215,579,000  at  31 December 2022. The fair value was determined by the Group with reference to the valuation performed by the Valuer engaged by the Group.  The valuation of completed investment properties  measured at fair value, which are material, involved  significant judgements and estimations including the  determination of valuation techniques and the selection  of different inputs in the models. Therefore, it is identified  as a key audit matter.  Our key procedures, among others, included:  •  reviewing	the	valuation	report	of	the	Valuer  and holding discussions with the management  and the Valuer to understand and assess the  valuation basis and methodology used, and  underlying assumptions applied;  •  evaluating	 the	 objectivity,	 capabilities	 and  competence of the Valuer; and  •  obtaining,	on	a	sample	basis,	the	underlying  data  including  comparables  of  market  transactions being used by the Valuer and  assessing the appropriateness.   |
|---|

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the 2022 annual report of the Company but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee, which is regarded as those charged with governance, assists the directors of the Company in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	whether	due	to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the	audit	in	order	to	design	audit	procedures	that	are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and	the	reasonableness	of	accounting	estimates	and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

- Conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors'	use	of	the	going	concern	basis	of	accounting	and,	based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the	financial	information	of	the	entities	or	business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Mazars CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong, 12 April 2023

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is:

## Fong Chin Lung

Practising Certificate number: P07321

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  5  12,546  10,018  Cost of sales and services  (7,942)  (4,890)  Gross profit  4,604  5,128  Other income and gains  5  500  507  Selling and distribution expenses  (2,249)  (2,737)  Administrative and operating expenses  (18,259)  (22,916)  Foreign exchange gain (loss), net  69,739  (27,800)  Finance costs  6  (65)  (64)  Profit (Loss) before tax  7  54,270  (47,882)  Income tax (expenses) credit  10  (1,249)  209  Profit (Loss) for the year  53,021  (47,673)  Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations  (148,678)  54,631  Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year  (95,657)  6,958  Profit (Loss) for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  53,021  (47,673)  - Non-controlling interests  -  -  53,021  (47,673)  Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (95,657)  6,958  - Non-controlling interests  -  -  (95,657)  6,958  Earnings (Loss) per share attributable to owners  of the Company  Basic and diluted  12  HK1.33 cents  (HK1.20 cents)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  13  182,935  197,729  Right-of-use assets  14  1,857  1,373  Investment properties  15  230,713  250,428  Goodwill  16  203,086  220,528  Interests in associates  18  -  -  Loan receivable from an associate, net  19  133,830  145,262  Properties under development  20  607,386  657,289  Total non-current assets  1,359,807  1,472,609  Current assets  Properties held for sale  21  803,985  843,907  Trade receivables  22  1,762  773  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  23  22,863  23,138  Cash and bank balances  24  19,741  22,271  Total current assets  848,351  890,089  Current liabilities  Trade payables  25  45,071  48,382  Other payables and accruals  26  125,494  119,693  Lease liabilities  14  1,773  1,389  Amounts due to related companies  27  173,751  158,107  Amounts due to substantial shareholders  28  799,748  862,696  Tax payable  566  614  Total current liabilities  1,146,403  1,190,881  Net current liabilities  (298,052)  (300,792)  Total assets less current liabilities  1,061,755  1,171,817  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  29  166,284  180,794  Lease liabilities  14  105  -  Total non-current liabilities  166,389  180,794  NET ASSETS  895,366  991,023   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  30  983,266  983,266  Other reserves  (87,913)  7,744  895,353  991,010  Non-controlling interests  13  13  TOTAL EQUITY  895,366  991,023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These consolidated financial statements on pages 41 to 113 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2023 and signed on its behalf by

Director Huang Shih Tsai

Director Huang Wenxi

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| Share  capital  (Note 30)  Capital  reduction  reserve*  (Note 30)  Share-  based  payment  reserve*  (Note 31)  Translation  reserve*  Accumulated  losses*  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  (Note i)  (Note ii)  (Note iii)  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  983,266  265,505  1,607  (54,732)  (211,594)  984,052  13  984,065  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (47,673)  (47,673)  -  (47,673)  Other comprehensive income for the year  Exchange differences arising on translation  of foreign operations  -  -  -  54,631  -  54,631  -  54,631  Total comprehensive income (loss) for  the year  -  -  -  54,631  (47,673)  6,958  -  6,958  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  983,266  265,505  1,607  (101)  (259,267)  991,010  13  991,023  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  53,021  53,021  -  53,021  Other comprehensive loss for the year  Exchange differences arising on translation  of foreign operations  -  -  -  (148,678)  -  (148,678)  -  (148,678)  Total comprehensive (loss) income  for the year  -  -  -  (148,678)  53,021  (95,657)  -  (95,657)  At 31 December 2022  983,266  265,505  1,607  (148,779)  (206,246)  895,353  13  895,366   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These reserve accounts represent in aggregate the consolidated deficits of HK$87,913,000 (2021: consolidated reserves HK$7,744,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Notes:

- (i) The capital reduction reserve represents the surplus arising from capital reduction transaction, and the reserve is nondistributable.
- (ii) The share-based payment reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payment transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
- (iii) The translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash flows used in operating activities  Profit (Loss) before tax  54,270  (47,882)  Adjustments for:  Bank interest income  (134)  (133)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  (109)  -  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  212  467  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  2,451  2,432  Finance costs  65  64  Exchange difference, net  (69,319)  26,874  (12,564)  (18,178)  Increase in properties under development  (1,842)  (4,393)  Increase in properties held for sale  (27,369)  (30,147)  Increase in trade receivables  (1,050)  (259)  Increase in prepayments, deposit and other receivables  (3,023)  (282)  Increase in trade payables  498  23,880  Increase in other payables and accruals  14,869  2,989  Cash used in operations  (30,481)  (26,390)  PRC tax (paid) refunded  (48)  3  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (30,529)  (26,387)  Cash flows used in investing activities  Bank interest received  134  133  Additions of investment properties  -  (531)  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (977)  (2,818)  Decrease (Increase) in pledged and restricted bank balances  371  (2,257)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (472)  (5,473)  Cash flows generated from financing activities  Interest paid  (65)  (64)  Advance from substantial shareholders  36(b)  4,145  28,679  Advance from related companies  36(b)  28,960  5,996  Repayment of lease liabilities  36(b)  (2,445)  (2,435)  Net cash flows from financing activities  30,595  32,176  Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents  (406)  316  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of  the reporting period  1,080  744  Effect of foreign exchanges, net  (85)  20  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the reporting period  24  589  1,080   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (the 'Company', together with its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the 'Group') is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong. Its registered office is located at Room 6668, 66/F., The Center, 99 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.

The Company is investment holding and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are engaged in property development and investment as set out in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statement.

Following the passing of a special resolution in relation to the change of company name by the Company's shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 27 May 2022, the name of the Company was changed from Great China Properties Holdings Limited to Great China Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited with effect from 7 July 2022 when the Certificate of Change of Name was issued by the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong.

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

The Group had net current liabilities of HK$298,052,000 at 31 December 2022 and net cash used in operating activities of HK$30,529,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022. Notwithstanding of the above, the directors of the Company consider the going concern basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements is appropriate after taking into consideration of the following:

- (a) The Group is able to generate operating profits and cash inflows from future sales of properties; and
- (b) A substantial shareholder has confirmed that he will provide financial support to the Group to meet its financial obligations as they fall due, if required, including not to demand repayment of the amounts due to him and companies controlled by him in aggregate of HK$953,444,000 until the Group is in a position to do so.

Should the Group be unable to continue as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to write down the value of assets to their recoverable amounts and to provide for any further liabilities which might arise; and to reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current assets and current liabilities respectively. The effect to these adjustments has not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') (which include all applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the 'HKICPA') and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules').

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for investment properties which have been measured at fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars ('HK$') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except where otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and all of its subsidiaries. The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as that of the Company using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between subsidiaries of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described in the accounting policy for subsidiaries in Note 2.4 below. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting policies adopted in the 2021 consolidated financial statements except for the adoption of the following new/revised HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA, which are relevant to the Group and effective for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2022, and which the Group elected to early adopt in the current year:

| Amendments to HKAS 16 Amendments to HKAS 37 Amendments to HKFRS 3 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs  Proceeds before Intended Use Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2018-2020 Cycle   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 16: Proceeds before Intended Use

The amendments clarify the accounting requirements for proceeds received by an entity from selling items produced while testing an item of property, plant or equipment before it is used for its intended purpose. An entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss and measures the cost of those items applying the measurement requirements of HKAS 2.

The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKAS 37: Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (for example, direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (for example, an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract).

The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The amendments update a reference in HKFRS 3 to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in  2018. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its requirement for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for some types of liabilities and contingent liabilities, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should instead refer to HKAS 37. The exception has been added to avoid an unintended consequence of updating the reference.

The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## Annual Improvements Project - 2018-2020 Cycle

## HKFRS 1: Subsidiary as a First-time Adopter

This amendment simplifies the application of HKFRS 1 for a subsidiary that becomes a first-time adopter of HKFRSs later than its parent - i.e. if a subsidiary adopts HKFRSs later than its parent and applies HKFRS 1.D16(a), then a subsidiary may elect to measure cumulative translation differences for all foreign operations at amounts included in the consolidated financial statements of the parent, based on the parent's date of transition to HKFRSs.

## HKFRS 9: Fees in the '10 per cent' Test for Derecognition of Financial Liabilities

This amendment clarifies that - for the purpose of performing the '10 per cent test' for derecognition of financial liabilities - in determining those fees paid net of fees received, a borrower includes only fees paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## HKFRS 16: Lease Incentives

The amendment removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements. As currently drafted, Example 13 is not clear as to why such payments are not a lease incentive.

## HKAS 41: Taxation in Fair Value Measurements

This amendment removes the requirement to exclude cash flows for taxation when measuring fair value, thereby aligning the fair value measurement requirements in HKAS 41 with those in HKFRS 13.

The adoption of the amendments does not have any significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2.3 NEW AND REVISED HKFRSs NOT YET ADOPTED

At the date of authorisation of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA has issued the following new/revised HKFRSs that are not yet effective for the current year, which the Group has not early adopted.

| Amendments to HKAS 1  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a  Single Transaction  1  HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1  Amendment to HKFRS 17  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative  Information  1  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  2  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  2  Amendments to HKFRS 16  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  2  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its  Associate or Joint Venture  3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

3 The effective date to be determined

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the adoption of these new/revised HKFRSs in future periods will have any material impact on the financial performance and financial position of the Group.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

In  the  Company's statement of financial position which is presented within these notes, an investment in subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses. The carrying amount of the investment is reduced to its recoverable amount on an individual basis, if it is higher than the recoverable amount. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividends received and receivable.

## Associates

An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

The Group's investment in an associate is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the Group's share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.

Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist. The Group's share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of the associate are included in the consolidated profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associate are eliminated to the extent of the Group's investment in the associate, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee, the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses when the Group's share of losses of the investee equals or exceeds the carrying amount of its interest in the investee, which includes any long term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group's net investment in the investee.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

If  the  business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group's previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cashgenerating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## Fair value measurement

The Group measures its investment properties at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Fair value measurement (Continued)

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1: based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2: based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3: based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of other assets

Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than goodwill), the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or cash-generating unit's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset (other than goodwill) is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group when:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group.
- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a holding company, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a holding company of the entity); or
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

- (a) that person's children and spouse or domestic partner;
- (b) children of that person's spouse or domestic partner; and
- (c) dependants of that person or that person's spouse or domestic partner.

In  the definition of a related party, an associate includes subsidiaries of the associate and a joint venture includes subsidiaries of the joint venture.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment, other than buildings under construction, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Leasehold improvements  20%  Machinery  10% to 33.33%  Furniture and fixtures  20% to 33.33%  Computer equipment  33.33%  Motor vehicles  20% to 30%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Buildings under construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are stated at cost less any impairment losses. The costs comprise land costs, construction costs, borrowing costs, professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such properties incurred during the construction period. Such properties are classified to the appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial period end.

An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the period the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are interests in land and buildings held by owner to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.

Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the period of the retirement or disposal.

## Investment properties under construction

Investment properties under construction are initially measured at cost and subsequently at fair values using the fair value model. If the fair value cannot be reliably determined, the investment properties under construction will  be  measured at cost less impairment until such time as fair value can be determined or construction is completed, in which time any difference between the fair value and the previous carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss in that period.

Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying amount of the investment properties under construction.

## Properties under development

Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises the land costs, capitalised borrowing costs and other costs directly attributed to such properties during the period of construction.

Properties under development are initially classified as non-current assets and transferred to the category of properties held for sale under current assets when the construction of the relevant properties commences and the construction period of the relevant property development project is expected to complete within normal operating cycle.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Properties held for sale

## Completed properties held for sale

Completed properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined by an apportionment of the total land and buildings costs attributable to unsold properties. Net realisable value is estimated by the directors based on the prevailing market prices on an individual property basis.

## Properties held for sale under development

Properties held for sale under development are intended to be held for sale after completion. Held for sale under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value and comprise land costs, construction costs, capitalised borrowing costs, professional fees and other costs directly attributable to such properties incurred during the development period.

On completion of construction, the properties are transferred to completed properties held for sale. Properties held for sale under development are classified as current assets.

## Leases

The Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease at inception of the contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## As lessee

The Group applies the recognition exemption to short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Lease payments associated with these leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

The Group has elected not to separate non-lease components from lease components, and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group accounts for each lease component within a lease contract as a lease separately. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component.

Amounts payable by the Group that do not give rise to a separate component are considered to be part of the total consideration that is allocated to the separately identified components of the contract.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the commencement date of the lease.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## As lessee (Continued)

The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises:

- (a) the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- (b) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- (c) any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- (d) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

Subsequently, the right-of-use asset is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the right-ofuse asset (unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or if the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option - in which case depreciation is provided over the estimated useful life of the underlying asset) as follows:

| Office premises  13 months to 2 years  Motor Vehicles  3 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date of the contract.

The lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date:

- (a) fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- (b) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;
- (c) amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;
- (d) exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- (e) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## As lessee (Continued)

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, or where it is not readily determinable, the incremental borrowing rate of the lessee.

Subsequently, the lease liability is measured by increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and by reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made.

The lease liability is remeasured using a revised discount rate when there are changes to the lease payments arising from a change in the lease term or the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option.

The lease liability is remeasured by using the original discount rate when there is a change in the residual value guarantee, the in-substance fixed lease payments or the future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or a rate (other than floating interest rate). In case of a change in future lease payments resulting from a change in floating interest rates, the Group remeasures the lease liability using a revised discount rate.

The Group recognises the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-ofuse asset. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability, the Group recognises any remaining amount of the remeasurement in profit or loss.

A lease modification is accounted for as a separate lease if:

- (a) the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- (b) the consideration for the lease increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## As lessee (Continued)

When a lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease, at the effective date of the lease modification,

- (a) the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract on the basis of relative stand-alone price as described above.
- (b) the Group determines the lease term of the modified contract.
- (c) the Group remeasures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate over the revised lease term.
- (d) for lease modifications that decrease the scope of the lease, the Group accounts for the remeasurement of the lease liability by decreasing the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset to reflect the partial or full termination of the lease and recognising any gain or loss relating to the partial or full termination of the lease in profit or loss.
- (e) for all other lease modifications, the Group accounts for the remeasurement of the lease liability by making a corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use asset.

## As lessor - operating lease

The Group classifies each of its leases as an operating lease at the inception date of the lease.

The Group accounts for each lease component within a lease contract as a lease separately from non-lease components of the contract. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on a relative stand-alone price basis.

A modification to an operating lease is accounted for as a new lease from the effective date of the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.

## Financial instruments

## Financial assets

## Recognition and derecognition

Financial assets are recognised when and only when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments and on a trade date basis.

A financial asset is derecognised when and only when (i) the Group's contractual rights to future cash flows from the financial asset expire or (ii) the Group transfers the financial asset and either (a) it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, or (b) it neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset but it does not retain control of the financial asset.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Classification and measurement

Financial assets (except for trade receivables without a significant financing component which are initially measured at their transaction price) are initially recognised at their fair value plus, in the case of financial assets not carried at fair value through profit or loss ('FVPL'), transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial assets.

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as (i) measured at amortised cost; (ii) debt investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income; (iii) equity investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income; or (iv) measured at FVPL.

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing them, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first interim reporting period following the change in the business model.

Derivatives embedded in a hybrid contract in which a host is an asset within the scope of HKFRS 9 are not separated from the host. Instead, the entire hybrid contract is assessed for classification.

## Financial assets measured at amortised cost

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVPL:

- (i) it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- (ii) its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses arising from impairment, derecognition or through the amortisation process are recognised in profit or loss.

The Group's financial assets at amortised cost include loan receivable from an associate, trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and cash and bank balances.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities

## Recognition and derecognition

Financial liabilities are recognised when and only when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

A financial liability is derecognised when and only when the liability is extinguished, that is, when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

## Classification and measurement

Financial liabilities are initially recognised at their fair value plus, in the case of financial liabilities not carried at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issue of the financial liabilities.

The Group's financial liabilities include trade payables, other payables and accruals (excluding deposits received and contract liabilities), lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies and substantial shareholders. All financial liabilities are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method, unless the effect of discounting would be insignificant, in which case they are stated at cost.

## Financial guarantee contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in 'Impairment of financial assets'; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises loss allowances for ECL on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost and financial guarantee contracts issued to which the impairment requirements apply in accordance with HKFRS 9. Except for the specific treatments as detailed below, at each reporting date, the Group measures a loss allowance for a financial asset at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL if the credit risk on that financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition. If the credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial asset at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

## Measurement of ECL

ECL is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e. the present value of all cash shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial instrument.

For financial assets, a credit loss is the present value of the difference between the contractual cash flows that are due to an entity under the contract and the cash flows that the entity expects to receive.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Measurement of ECL (Continued)

For a financial guarantee contract, the entity is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, cash shortfalls are the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the entity expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party. If the asset is fully guaranteed, the estimation of cash shortfalls for a financial guarantee contract would be consistent with the estimations of cash shortfalls for the asset subject to the guarantee.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument while 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.

Where ECL is measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on past due information or other credit risk characteristics.

Loss allowance is remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument's credit risk and loss since initial recognition. The resulting changes in the loss allowance are recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial instrument.

## Definition of default

The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management purposes as historical experience indicates that the Group may not receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full if the financial asset that meets any of the following criteria.

- (i) information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group); or
- (ii) there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty.

Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## Assessment of significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Financial instruments (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Assessment of significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

In particular, the following information is taken into account in the assessment:

- the	debtor's	failure	to	make	payments	of	principal	or	interest	on	the	due	dates;
- an	actual	or	expected	significant	deterioration	in	the	financial	instrument's	external	or	internal	credit	rating (if available);
- an	actual	or	expected	significant	deterioration	in	the	operating	results	of	the	debtor;	and
- actual	or	expected	changes	in	the	technological,	market,	economic	or	legal	environment	that	have	or	may have a significant adverse effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is  considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument for impairment. For financial guarantee contracts, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date.

## Low credit risk

A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:

- (i) it has a low risk of default;
- (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term; and
- (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

As detailed in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group's loan receivable from an associate, other receivables and bank balances are determined to have low credit risk.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## Simplified approach of ECL

For trade receivables without a significant financing components or otherwise for which the Group applies the practical expedient not to account for the significant financing components, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECL. The Group recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECL at each reporting date and has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Credit-impaired financial asset

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower.
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event.
- (c) the lender of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would not otherwise consider.
- (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation.
- (e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.
- (f) the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

## Write-off

The Group writes off a financial asset when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering the contractual cash flows on a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due, taking into account legal advice if appropriate. Any subsequent recovery is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and bank deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

## Provision

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, when it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, and when a reliable estimate of the amount of obligation can be made. Expenditures for which a provision has been recognised are charged against the related provision in the period in which the expenditures are incurred. Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount provided is the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. Where the Group expects a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain.

## Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when	the	deferred	tax	liability	arises	from	the	initial	recognition	of	goodwill	or	an	asset	or	liability	in	a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in	respect	of	taxable	temporary	differences	associated	with	investments	in	subsidiaries,	associates	and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when	the	deferred	tax	asset	relating	to	the	deductible	temporary	differences	arises	from	the	initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- i n	 respect	 of	 deductible	 temporary	 differences	associated	with	investments	in	subsidiaries	and associates, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on the same taxable entity.

## Revenue recognition

Rental income under operating leases is recognised when the assets are let out and on the straight-line basis over the lease term.

Interest income from financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the assets while it is applied to the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount net of loss allowance) in case of credit-impaired financial assets.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers within HKFRS 15

## Nature of goods or services

The nature of the goods or services provided by the Group is (i) sales of properties; and (ii) property management services.

## Identification of performance obligations

At contract inception, the Group assesses the goods or services promised in a contract with a customer and identifies as a performance obligation each promise to transfer to the customer either:

- (a) a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct; or
- (b) a series of distinct good or service that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.

A good or service that is promised to a customer is distinct if both of the following criteria are met:

- (a) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e. the good or service is capable of being distinct); and
- (b) the Group's promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e. the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract).

## Timing of revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service (i.e. an asset) to a customer. An asset is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that asset.

The Group transfers control of a good or service over time and, therefore, satisfies a performance obligation and recognises revenue over time, if one of the following criteria is met:

- (a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- (b) the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or
- (c) the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers within HKFRS 15 (Continued)

Timing of revenue recognition (Continued)

If a performance obligation is not satisfied over time, the Group satisfies the performance obligation at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the promised asset. In determining when the transfer of control occurs, the Group considers the concept of control and such indicators as legal title, physical possession, right to payment, significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset, and customer acceptance.

Sale of properties is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains the control of the promised asset, which generally coincides with the time when the properties are delivered to customers and the title is passed.

Property management income is recognised over time when services are rendered.

For revenue recognised over time under HKFRS 15, provided the outcome of the performance obligation can be reasonably measured, the Group applies the input method (i.e. based on the proportion of the actual inputs deployed to date as compared to the estimated total inputs) to measure the progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation because there is a direct relationship between the Group's inputs and the transfer of control of goods or services to the customers and reliable information is available to the Group to apply the method. Otherwise, revenue is recognised only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time that it can reasonably measure the outcome of the performance obligation.

The input method applied for property management income is based on the period in which services are rendered.

## Contract assets and contract liabilities

If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or before payment is due, the contract is presented as a contract asset, excluding any amounts presented as a receivable. Conversely, if a customer pays consideration, or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional, before the Group transfers a good or service to the customer, the contract is presented as a contract liability when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). A receivable is the Group's right to consideration that is unconditional or only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

For a single contract or a single set of related contracts, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. Contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

For the sales of properties, it is common for the Group to receive from the customer the whole or some of the contractual payments before the services are completed or when the goods are delivered (i.e. the timing of revenue recognition for such transactions). The Group recognises a contract liability until it is recognised as revenue. During that period, any significant financing components, if applicable, will be included in the contract liability and will be expensed as accrued unless the interest expense is eligible for capitalisation.

For the property management income, the Group receives payments from the customer which are largely in line with the timing of revenue recognition and no significant contract assets or contract liabilities are recognised.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Share-based payments

The Company operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group's operations. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as consideration for equity instruments ('equity-settled transactions').

The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model, further details of which are given in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefit expense. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.

No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for equity-settled transactions where vesting is conditional upon a market or non-vesting condition, which are treated as vesting irrespective of whether or not the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where nonvesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share options reserve will be transferred to accumulated losses.

The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of loss per share.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Other employee benefits

## Pension scheme

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

The employees of the Group's subsidiaries which operate in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') are required to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.  assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Foreign currencies

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the 'functional currency'). The Company's functional currency is Hong Kong dollars ('HK$') and majority of its subsidiaries have Renminbi ('RMB') as their functional currency. The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company's functional and presentation currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially  recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e. translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currencies (Continued)

The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries and associates are currencies other than the HK$. At the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into the presentation currency of the Company at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss are translated at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the translation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are translated into HK$ at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the period are translated into HK$ at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## Segment reporting

Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to Group's chief operating decision makers, who are the executive directors of the Company, for the purpose of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group's various lines of business and geographical locations.

Individual material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and disclosures made. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.

## Investment properties under construction

Property under construction for future use as an investment property is classified as investment property under construction. If the fair value cannot be reliably determined, the investment property under construction is measured at cost until such time as fair value can be determined or construction is completed. The directors of the Company have concluded that the fair value of investment properties under construction cannot be measured reliably and, therefore, investment properties under construction continue to be measured at cost until construction is substantially completed and the remaining construction cost can be accurately estimated.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued) Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below:

## Impairment of goodwill

The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Further details are given in Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Estimation of net realisable value of properties under development and properties held for sale

The Group considers information from a variety of sources, including recent prices of similar properties in the same location and condition, with adjustments to reflect any changes in economic conditions since the dates of transactions that occurred at those prices. The Group determines the net realisable value with reference to the valuation performed by an external valuer. Particulars of the properties under development and properties held for sale of the Group are set out in Notes 20 and 21, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.

## Estimation of total budgeted costs and costs to completion for buildings under construction, properties held for sale under development and properties under development

Total budgeted costs for buildings under construction, properties held for sale under development and properties under development comprise (i) prepaid land lease payments; (ii) building costs; and (iii) any other direct costs attributable to the development of the properties. In estimating the total budgeted costs, management makes reference to information such as (i) current offers from contractors and suppliers; (ii) recent offers agreed with contractors and suppliers; and (iii) professional estimation on construction and material costs.

## Estimation of fair value of investment properties

In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information from a variety of sources, including:

- (a) current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to reflect those differences;
- (b) recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in economic conditions since the date of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and/or
- (c) discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms of any existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as current market rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount rates that reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows.

Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value measurement and a sensitivity analysis, are given in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued) Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. The assessment requires an estimation on the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Further details are contained in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Land appreciation tax

Under the Provisional Regulations on land appreciation tax ('LAT') implemented upon the issuance of the Provisional Regulations of The PRC on 27 January 1995, all gains arising from the transfer of real estate properties in the PRC with effect from 1 January 1994 are subject to LAT at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value, being the proceeds from sales of properties less deductible expenditures including amortisation of land use rights, borrowing costs and all property development expenditures.

The subsidiaries of the Group engaging in the property development business in the PRC are subject to LAT, which has been included in income tax. However, the implementation of LAT varies amongst various PRC cities and the Group has not finalised certain of its LAT returns with various tax authorities. Accordingly, the assessment requires an estimation on the amount of land appreciation and its related taxes. The ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises these liabilities based on management's best estimates. When the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact on the income tax and provisions of LAT in the period in which such determination is made.

## Impairment of other receivables

The Group conducts impairment reviews of financial assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable in accordance with the relevant accounting standards. Determining whether an asset is impaired requires an estimation of the future cash flows and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected, the Group would be required to revise the basis of making the allowance and its future results would be affected.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group has a single reportable segment based on the location of the operations, which is property development and investment located in the PRC. Information reported to the Group's chief operating decision makers for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment focuses on the operating results of the Group as a whole as the Group's resources are integrated and no discrete operating segment financial information is available. Accordingly, no operating segment information is presented.

## Information about major customers

Rental income of HK$1,966,000 (2021: HK$2,966,000) was derived from the Group's two largest customers.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

An analysis of revenue and other income and gains is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers within HKFRS 15:  Sales of properties  8,942  4,733  Property management income  1,390  1,574  10,332  6,307  Revenue from other sources:  Gross rental income  2,214  3,711  Total revenue  12,546  10,018  Other income and gains:  Bank interest income  134  133  Others  366  374  500  507   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue from contracts with customers within HKFRS 15 is disaggregated as follows:

| Sales of  properties  Property  management  income  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Timing of revenue recognition:  At a point in time  8,942  -  8,942  Over time  -  1,390  1,390  8,942  1,390  10,332   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

| Sales of  properties  Property  management  income  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2021  Timing of revenue recognition:  At a point in time  4,733  -  4,733  Over time  -  1,574  1,574  4,733  1,574  6,307   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Finance charges on lease liabilities  65  64   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX

The Group's profit (loss) before tax is arrived at after charging (crediting):

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Staff costs (including directors' remuneration -  Note 8  )  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  11,128  12,516  Pension scheme contributions  1,079  1,082  12,207  13,598  Cost of properties sold  6,939  3,869  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (Note 13)  212  467  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (Note 14)  2,451  2,432  Auditor's remuneration  900  850  Direct operating expenses arising from investment properties that  generated rental income  539  563  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  (109)  -  Short-term lease payments  65  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there were no forfeited contribution which were available to reduce the Group's existing level of contributions to the MPF Scheme and the PRC pension scheme.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INFORMATION ABOUT THE BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS

The following disclosures are presented pursuant to the Listing Rules and section 383 of the Companies Ordinance.

## (i) Directors' remuneration

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fees  785  750  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  417  399  Pension scheme contributions  18  18  435  417  1,220  1,167   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In prior years, certain directors of the Company were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share option scheme of the Company, further details of which are set out in Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

## (a) Independent non-executive directors

The remuneration paid/payable to independent non-executive directors during the year is as follows:

| Fees  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Mr. Cheng Hong Kei  150  150  Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann  150  150  Mr. Lum Pak Sum  150  150  450  450   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INFORMATION ABOUT THE BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

## (i) Directors' remuneration (Continued)

## (a) Independent non-executive directors (Continued)

| Fees  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Mr. Cheng Hong Kei  150  150  Mr. Leung Kwan, Hermann  150  150  Mr. Lum Pak Sum  150  150  450  450   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Non-executive director

The remuneration paid/payable to a non-executive director during the year is as follows:

| Fees  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Mr. Li Xiaohua  35  35   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no non-executive director being appointed in 2021. Mr. Li Xiaohua was appointed as non-executive director on 6 October 2022.

## (c) Executive directors and the chief executive officer

The remuneration paid/payable to executive directors and the chief executive officer during the year is as follows:

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Executive directors:  Ms. Huang Wenxi (Chief  Executive Officer)  150  417  18  585  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  (Chairman)  150  -  -  150  300  417  18  735   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INFORMATION ABOUT THE BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

## (i) Directors' remuneration (Continued)

## (c) Executive directors and the chief executive officer (Continued)

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and benefits  in kind  Pension  scheme  contributions  Total  remuneration  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2021  Executive directors:  Ms. Huang Wenxi (Chief  Executive Officer)  150  399  18  567  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  (Chairman)  150  -  -  150  300  399  18  717   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year (2021: nil). In addition, no remuneration was paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as a compensation for loss of office (2021: nil).

## (ii) Loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors

There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors of the Company or their connected entities that were entered into or subsisted during the year (2021: nil).

## (iii) Directors' material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

After consideration, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that the following transactions, arrangements and contracts, which are entered into by the Company and in which a director of the Company or connected entity of the directors of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, are significant in relation to the Company's business and subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

## 2022

| Contractual party in addition  to the Company  Name of director  Nature of transactions  大中華國際集團 （中國） 有限公司  ('GCI')  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  Rental fee of office  being capitalised as  right-of-use assets of  HK$2,425,000  (Note)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INFORMATION ABOUT THE BENEFITS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

## (iii) Directors' material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts (Continued)

2021

| Contractual party in addition  to the Company  Name of director  Nature of transactions  GCI  Mr. Huang Shih Tsai  Rental fee of office  being capitalised as  right-of-use assets of  HK$2,353,000  (Note)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Group leased an office property from GCI since 1 May 2019 and renewed the lease ending on 31 August 2023. GCI is indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, the Chairman and a substantial shareholder of the Company. Mr. Huang Shih Tsai is also a director of GCI. The lease arrangement is recognised as right-ofuse assets and constitutes connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## 9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees during the year included one (2021: one) director, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. Details of the remuneration of the remaining four (2021: four) highest paid employees who are not directors of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  3,475  3,522  Pension scheme contributions  345  224  3,820  3,746   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)

The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  2  3  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  2  1  4  4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No emoluments were paid or payable by the Group to the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. There was no arrangement under which the five highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any remuneration for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CREDIT)

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made as the Group incurred a loss for taxation purposes during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the British Virgin Islands (the 'BVI'), the Group is not subject to any taxation under this jurisdiction.

The Group's entities established in the PRC are subject to Enterprise Income Tax ('EIT') of the PRC at a statutory rate of 25% for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, EIT has not been provided as the Group incurred a loss for taxation purpose.

The PRC LAT was provided in accordance with the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC laws and regulations. LAT has been provided at ranges of progressive rates of the appreciation value, with certain allowable deductions.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  (Note 29)  (286)  (209)  LAT in the PRC  1,535  -  Total income tax expenses (credit) for the year  1,249  (209)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 10. INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CREDIT) (Continued)

A reconciliation of the income tax expenses (credit) to profit (loss) before tax at the statutory rates of the countries/jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit (Loss) before tax  54,270  (47,882)  Tax at the statutory tax rate applicable to profits in respective countries  8,050  (9,236)  Income not subject to tax  (13,467)  (929)  Expenses not deductible for tax  2,734  6,205  Tax losses not recognised  3,715  3,003  LAT  1,535  -  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  (1)  (102)  Others  (1,317)  850  Income tax expense (credit)  1,249  (209)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. DIVIDENDS

The board of directors does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 12. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

The calculation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share is based on the following data:

| 2022  2021  Profit (Loss) for the year attributable to owners of the Company  (HK$ million)  53.02  (47.67)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares (Million)  3,975  3,975  Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share (HK cents per share)  1.33  (1.20)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Diluted earnings (loss) per share is the same as the basic earnings (loss) per share as the Company's share options have no dilutive effect for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 because the exercise prices of the Company's share options were higher than the average market price of the Company's shares for the years.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Leasehold  improvements  Machinery  Furniture and  fixtures  Computer  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Buildings  under  construction  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  At 1 January 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation  545  52  336  215  126  196,455  197,729  Additions  -  -  36  -  -  941  977  Depreciation  -  -  (45)  (167)  -  -  (212)  Exchange realignment  (43)  (4)  (24)  (11)  (10)  (15,467)  (15,559)  At 31 December 2022, net of  accumulated depreciation  502  48  303  37  116  181,929  182,935  At 31 December 2022  Cost  7,480  622  2,372  5,076  1,288  181,929  198,767  Accumulated depreciation  (6,978)  (574)  (2,069)  (5,039)  (1,172)  -  (15,832)  Net carrying amount  502  48  303  37  116  181,929  182,935  2021  At 1 January 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation  567  51  270  564  123  188,609  190,184  Additions  -  -  112  20  -  2,686  2,818  Depreciation  (37)  -  (53)  (377)  -  -  (467)  Exchange realignment  15  1  7  8  3  5,160  5,194  At 31 December 2021, net of  accumulated depreciation  545  52  336  215  126  196,455  197,729  At 31 December 2021  Cost  8,119  675  2,533  5,505  1,398  196,455  214,685  Accumulated depreciation  (7,574)  (623)  (2,197)  (5,290)  (1,272)  -  (16,956)  Net carrying amount  545  52  336  215  126  196,455  197,729   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022, the Group's buildings under construction, included prepaid land lease payments on lease of land in the PRC, with the remaining lease term of 25 years (2021: 26 years).

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES

Right-of-use assets

| Office  premises  Motor  vehicles  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  At 1 January 2022, net of accumulated depreciation  1,373  -  1,373  Additions  432  -  432  Contract modification  2,617  -  2,617  Depreciation  (2,451)  -  (2,451)  Exchange differences  (114)  -  (114)  At 31 December 2022, net of accumulated depreciation  1,857  -  1,857  At 31 December 2022  Cost  11,145  808  11,953  Accumulated depreciation  (9,288)  (808)  (10,096)  Net carrying amount  1,857  -  1,857  2021  At 1 January 2021, net of accumulated depreciation  1,420  -  1,420  Contract modification  2,353  -  2,353  Depreciation  (2,432)  -  (2,432)  Exchange differences  32  -  32  At 31 December 2021, net of accumulated depreciation  1,373  -  1,373  At 31 December 2021  Cost  8,870  808  9,678  Accumulated depreciation  (7,497)  (808)  (8,305)  Net carrying amount  1,373  -  1,373   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases various office premises and motor vehicles for its daily operations. The lease terms range from 13 months to 2 years (2021: 13 months).

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 14.

## RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued) Lease liabilities

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current  1,773  1,389  Non-current  105  -  1,878  1,389   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has recognised the following amounts for the year:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Total cash outflow for leases  2,575  2,499   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The interest expenses on lease liabilities are set out in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Completed  investment  properties at  fair value  Investment  properties  under  construction  at cost  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Carrying amount at 1 January  234,001  16,427  250,428  Exchange realignment  (18,422)  (1,293)  (19,715)  Carrying amount at 31 December  215,579  15,134  230,173  2021  Carrying amount at 1 January  227,772  15,464  243,236  Additions  -  531  531  Exchange realignment  6,229  432  6,661  Carrying amount at 31 December  234,001  16,427  250,428   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

The directors of the Company have determined that the completed investment properties are held to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation. The Group's completed investment properties were valued at the end of the reporting period by Ravia Global Appraisal Advisory Limited, an independent professionally qualified valuer, at HK$215,579,000 (2021: HK$234,001,000). Each year, the executive directors would select and appoint an external valuer for the external valuations of the Group's properties. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The Group's management has discussions with the valuer on the valuation assumptions and valuation results twice a year when the valuation is performed for interim and annual financial reporting.

Investment properties under construction are measured at cost until such time as fair value can be determined reliably or construction is completed. The Group has concluded that the fair value of these investment properties under construction cannot be measured reliably and were therefore measured at cost in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The Group leases out its completed investment properties to third parties under operating leases with average lease terms ranging from 2 to 10 years (2021: 3 to 10 years). The terms of the leases also require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the prevailing market conditions.

Below is a maturity analysis of undiscounted lease payments to be received from the leasing of investment properties.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year 1  1,817  3,723  Year 2  790  2,917  Year 3  789  1,906  Year 4  545  2,011  Year 5  470  1,676  After year 5  2,129  -  6,540  12,233   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further particulars of the Group's investment properties are included on page 115.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

## Fair value hierarchy

The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's completed investment properties:

Fair value measurement at 31 December 2022 using

Quoted prices in

active market

(Level 1)

HK$'000

-

Recurring fair value measurement for:

Commercial properties

Significant observable

inputs

(Level 2)

HK$'000

-

Significant unobservable

inputs

(Level 3)

HK$'000

215,579

Total

HK$'000

215,579

| Fair value measurement at 31 December 2021 using  Quoted  prices in  active market  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurement for:  Commercial properties  -  -  234,001  234,001   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3.

The fair value is estimated using a direct comparison approach. Under the direct comparison approach, fair value is estimated by the direct comparison method on the assumption of the sale of the property interest with the benefit of vacant possession and by making reference to comparable sales transactions as available in the market.

The valuation takes into account the characteristics of the investment properties, which include the location, size, shape, view, floor level, year of completion and other factors collectively, to arrive at the unit market price. The fair value measurement is based on the above properties' highest and best use, which does not differ from the current use.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

## Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

The following table gives information about how the fair values of the completed investment properties are determined (in particular, the valuation techniques and inputs used), as well as the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable. There has been no change from the valuation technique used in the prior year.

| Fair value at 31 December  Fair value  Valuation technique(s) and  Relationship of  unobservable  2021  2022  hierarchy  significant unobservable inputs  inputs to fair value  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investment properties in  Huizhou  144,123  132,777  Level 3  Direct comparison method - based on  estimated market price per square  meter, using market unobservable  comparable prices of similar  properties ranging from RMB15,333/  sq.m. to RMB15,707/sq.m.  (equivalent to HK$17,298/sq.m.  to HK$17,719/sq.m.) (2021: from  RMB14,464/sq.m. to RMB19,642/  sq.m. (equivalent to HK$17,711/  sq.m. to HK$24,051/sq.m)), and  adjusted taking into account  locations and other individual  factors such as size of property and  conditions of properties.  The higher the  estimated market  price, the higher  the fair value.  Investment properties in  Haifeng County  89,878  82,802  Level 3  Direct comparison method - based on  estimated market price per square  meter, using market unobservable  comparable prices of similar  properties ranging from RMB16,087/  sq.m. to RMB20,732/sq.m.  (equivalent to HK$18,148/sq.m. to  HK$23,387/sq.m.) (2021: around  RMB18,750/sq.m. (equivalent to  HK$22,959/sq.m)), and adjusted  taking into account locations and  other individual factors such as  road frontage, size of property and  conditions of properties.  The higher the  estimated market  price, the higher  the fair value.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The key unobservable input is the estimated market price per square meter. A significant increase/decrease in  the estimated market price will result in a significant increase/decrease in the fair value of the completed investment properties.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. GOODWILL

| Gold Coast  CGU  Shanwei  CGU  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note 16a)  (Note 16b)  2022  Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated impairment  -  220,528  220,528  Exchange realignment  -  (17,442)  (17,442)  Net carrying amount at 31 December 2022  -  203,086  203,086  At 31 December 2022  Cost  13,527  203,086  216,613  Accumulated impairment  (13,527)  -  (13,527)  Net carrying amount  -  203,086  203,086  2021  Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated impairment  -  214,629  214,629  Exchange realignment  -  5,899  5,899  Net carrying amount at 31 December 2021  -  220,528  220,528  At 31 December 2021  Cost  14,683  220,528  235,211  Accumulated impairment  (14,683)  -  (14,683)  Net carrying amount  -  220,528  220,528   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. GOODWILL (Continued)

## Impairment testing of goodwill

- 16(a) Goodwill arising from the acquisition of 100% equity interests in Gold Coast Tourism Development Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary involving 深圳市深汕特別合作區金麗灣度假村有限公司 (the 'Gold Coast CGU') in property development and investment businesses in February 2009 was fully impaired during the year ended 31 December 2011.
- 16(b) Goodwill arising from the acquisition of 100% equity interests in Prime Rosy Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiary comprising 汕尾大中華國際實業有限公司 with cash-generating units of Hong Hai Bay Project and Jin Bao Cheng Project (together referred to as the 'Shanwei CGU') in October 2013 in property development and investment businesses is subject to the impairment test.

At 31 December 2022, the Group assessed the recoverable amount of Hong Hai Bay Project and Jin Bao Cheng Project with reference to value in use calculations using cash flow projections based on financial budgets and forecasts covering a five-year period and the expected development project period approved by the board of directors. The post-tax discount rates applied to the cash flow projection are 12.5% (2021: 11.0%) and 12.1% (2021: 11.0%), respectively. The implied pre-tax discount rates for the cash flow projection are 15.4% (2021: 14.3%) and 18.1% (2021: 16.7%), respectively. An independent professionally qualified valuer, Ravia Global Appraisal Advisory Limited, was engaged to assist the Group in determining the estimated value in use.

Key assumptions used in the cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of the goodwill allocated to Shanwei CGU are as follows:

Budgeted gross margins - the budgeted gross margins of 35.6% and 24.1% (2021: 35.8% and 25.2%) based on the average gross margins expected to achieve from the development of Hong Hai Bay Project and Jin Bao Cheng Project, respectively.

Discount rates - the discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the Shanwei CGU.

The values assigned to key assumptions are consistent with external information sources.

The Group believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions on which recoverable amount is based would not cause the aggregate carrying amount of the Shanwei CGU to exceed its aggregate recoverable amount. Accordingly, no impairment of goodwill of Shanwei CGU was recognised during years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the subsidiaries at the end of each reporting period are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country/place of  incorporation and  operation  Particulars of issued  and paid-up share  capital/paid-up capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Directly  Indirectly  %  %  Mega Top Capital Resources Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100  -  Property investment  China Waytung Group Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100  -  Investment holding  Gold Coast Tourism Development Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100  Investment holding  深圳市深汕特別合作區金麗灣度假村  有限公司  #  (Note (i))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  United States Dollars  ('US$') 10,549,929  -  100  Operation of resort  business, property  development  滙通天下控股 （中國） 有限公司  #  (Note (i))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB50,000,000  100  -  Investment holding  Asiatic Talent Limited  #  BVI  US$1  100  -  Investment holding  Guo Rong Limited  #  BVI  US$1  -  100  Investment holding  Great China Property Group Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  100  Investment holding  大中華實業 （惠州） 有限公司  #  (Note (i))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB45,000,000  -  100  Property development  Great China Hotel management Limited  (Note (iii))  Hong Kong  HK$1  N/A  (2021:  100%)  N/A  Investment holding  Great China Properties (Shanghai) Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100  -  Investment holding  Stand Gold Limited  #  BVI  US$1  100  -  Investment holding  Prime Rosy Limited  #  BVI  US$1  -  100  Investment holding  Great China International Holding Group  Limited  Hong Kong  HK$30,000,000  -  100  Investment holding   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  Country/place of  incorporation and  operation  Particulars of issued  and paid-up share  capital/paid-up capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Directly  Indirectly  %  %  汕尾大中華國際實業有限公司  (  '  Shanwei GCI  '  )  #  (Note (i))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB50,000,000  -  100  Property development  汕尾市大中華實業有限公司  #  (Note (ii))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB10,000,000  -  100  Property development  唐⼭市曹妃甸區中泰信和房地產開發  有限公司  #  (Note (ii))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB10,000,000  -  99.99  Property development  惠州喜悅生活物業管理有限公司  #  (Note (i))  The PRC  Paid-up capital of  RMB500,000  -  100  Provision of  management  service to and  operation of  properties  YL Capital Partners Limited  Hong Kong  HK$3,534,000  -  100  Securities advisory  and asset  management  services (not yet  commenced)  # Auditor's reports not issued by Mazars CPA Limited or another member firm of the Mazars global network.  Notes:  (i)  Registered under the laws of the PRC as wholly-owned foreign enterprise.  (ii)  Registered under the laws of the PRC as domestic enterprise.  (iii) The subsidiary, Great China Hotel Management Limited, which is a dormant company has been disposed during the year ended 31 December 2022.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of net assets  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the associates at the end of each reporting period are as follows:

| Name  Country/place of  incorporation and  operation  Particulars of issued  and paid-up share  capital/paid-up capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to  the Company  Principal activities  Directly  Indirectly  %  %  Success Yield Group Limited  ('Success Yield')  #  BVI  US$200  50  -  Investment holding  Champion Delight Holdings Limited  ('Champion Delight')  #^  Hong Kong  HK$1  -  50  Investment holding  上海合茂房地產發展有限公司  （ 「上海合茂」 ）  #^  The PRC  Paid up capital of  RMB630,000,000  -  50  Property development   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Auditor's reports not issued by Mazars CPA Limited or another member firm of the Mazars global network.

^ Being a wholly-owned subsidiary of Success Yield.

All of above associates are private companies and there is no quoted market price available for the investments.

Pursuant to the cooperation agreement dated 16 December 2013 entered into between the Group and Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited ('Greenland') (the 'Agreement'), although the Group holds 50% equity interest of Success Yield, Greenland has the power and the ability to use its power to affect Success Yield's returns. Since the Group does not have joint control over Success Yield, it is accounted for by the Group as investments in associates. The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Success Yield and its subsidiaries (collectively known as 'Success Yield Group') adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current assets  2,580,683  2,777,539  Non-current assets  825  1,371  Current liabilities  (2,735,780)  (2,948,770)  Net liabilities  (154,272)  (169,860)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  33,682  48,900  Profit (Loss) for the year  2,287  (20,265)  Other comprehensive income (loss)  13,301  (4,295)  Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year  15,588  (24,560)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unrecognised share of profit (loss) of associates

The unrecognised share of profit of associates for the current year and cumulative losses up to the end of the reporting period amounted to HK$7,794,000 (2021: share of loss of HK$12,280,000) and HK$77,136,000 (2021: HK$84,930,000), respectively.

## 19. LOAN RECEIVABLE FROM AN ASSOCIATE, NET

The loan receivable from an associate is unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no fixed repayment term.

According to the Agreement, the Group and Greenland are each to provide shareholders' loans to Champion Delight, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Success Yield, for the joint development of a real estate project by 上海合茂 which is wholly-owned by Champion Delight. Success Yield is owned 50% each by the Group and Greenland.

Pursuant to the loan contribution schedule in the Agreement, the Group was to make shareholder's loans of RMB314,922,000 (equivalent to HK$385,622,000) to Champion Delight by April 2014. However, due to a disagreement over the execution and operation of the real estate project, the Group claimed that Greenland was in breach of the Agreement so it has only made aggregate loans of RMB123,922,000 (equivalent to HK$139,796,000) (2021: RMB123,922,000 (equivalent to HK$151,739,000)) at 31 December 2022, net of an impairment loss of RMB5,288,000 (equivalent to HK$5,966,000) (2021: RMB5,288,000 (equivalent to HK$6,477,000)) provided in prior year; while Greenland also alleged that the Group has breached the Agreement by not making the loans according to the schedule stipulated in the Agreement.

At 31 December 2022, Greenland had unilaterally made additional loans of RMB191,000,000 (equivalent to HK$215,467,000) which was originally payable by the Group to Champion Delight and claimed its alleged right under the Agreement to dilute the Group's shareholding in Success Yield according to the contributed loan balances. However, up to the date of this report, Greenland has not taken any steps to dilute the shareholding of the Group in Success Yield.

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, pending the resolution of the aforesaid disagreement, the Group is  not  obligated to make further loans to Champion Delight at present stage according to the Agreement. Accordingly, the amount of outstanding loan commitment of RMB191,000,000 (equivalent to HK$215,467,000) (2021: RMB191,000,000 (equivalent to HK$233,800,000)) is disclosed as a commitment of the Group (Note 32).

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

Further particulars of the Group's properties under development are included in 'Particulars of Major Properties' on page 116.

## 21. PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Completed properties held for sale  122,053  138,908  Properties held for sale under development  681,932  704,999  803,985  843,907  Properties held for sale under development expected to be recovered:  - After one year  681,932  704,999   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. TRADE RECEIVABLES

Trade receivables mainly represent sale proceeds in respect of sold properties and property management fee receivables. Sale proceeds in respect of sold properties are payable by the purchasers pursuant to the terms of sale and purchase agreements. Rental in respect of leased properties is payable in advance by the tenants pursuant to the terms of the tenancy agreements. Under normal circumstances, the Group does not grant credit terms to its customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances are regularly reviewed by the management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group's trade receivables relate to a certain number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing and unsecured. The carrying amounts of the trade receivables approximate to their fair values. An ageing analysis of the trade receivables at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 30 days  63  133  31 to 60 days  26  61  61 to 90 days  32  61  Over 90 days  1,641  518  1,762  773   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount of trade receivables that were past due but not impaired is the same as the above ageing analysis of trade receivables.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Receivables that were past due but not impaired relate to a number of diversified customers. Based on past experience, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that no provision for impairment is necessary in respect of these balances as there has not been a significant change in credit quality and the balances are still considered fully recoverable.

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9. To measure ECL, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics which is the days past due. Expected loss rate of the overall trade receivables is assessed to be 0.1%. Based on evaluation on expected loss rate and gross carrying amount, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that the ECL in respect of these balances is considered immaterial and therefore there has not been a provision of loss allowance.

## 23. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Prepayments  12,964  12,288  Deposits paid  186  114  Other receivables  11,148  12,294  24,298  24,696  Less: Loss allowance for other receivables  (1,435)  (1,558)  22,863  23,138   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Prepayments, deposits and other receivables are non-interest-bearing, unsecured and repayable within one year, except for a balance of RMB2,400,000 (equivalent to HK$2,707,440) (2021: RMB2,400,000 (equivalent to HK$2,939,000)) included in other receivables which is interest bearing at an interest rate in the corresponding period as published by the People's Bank of China.

The movements in the loss allowance for other receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the reporting period  1,558  1,516  Exchange realignment  (123)  42  At end of the reporting period  1,435  1,558   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loss allowance for other receivables represents a provision for individually impaired other receivable of RMB1,272,000 (equivalent to HK$1,435,000) (2021: RMB1,272,000 (equivalent to HK$1,558,000)) with an aggregate carrying amount of HK$1,435,000 (2021: HK$1,558,000). The individually impaired other receivables relate to a third party with outstanding balances which are not expected to be recovered.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 24. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and bank balances  19,741  22,271  Less: Pledged bank balances  (i)  (5,449)  (5,844)  Restricted bank balances  (ii)  (13,703)  (15,347)  Total cash and cash equivalents  (as stated in consolidated statement of cash flows)  589  1,080   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) At 31 December 2022 and 2021, certain bank balances were pledged for housing loans extended by the banks to the purchasers of the Group's properties for a period from the date the loans are granted to the purchasers up to the date of issuance of property title certificates to the purchasers.
- (ii) Restricted bank balances mainly comprise guaranteed funds to construction projects to meet local authorities' requirements.

At the end of the reporting period, cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi amounted to HK$19,578,000 (2021: HK$21,962,000) that were placed with banks in the PRC. Renminbi is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under the PRC's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange Renminbi for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

Cash and bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 25. TRADE PAYABLES

An ageing analysis of the trade creditors at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 30 days  1,832  25,720  31 to 60 days  27  -  61 to 90 days  25  23  Over 90 days  43,187  22,639  45,071  48,382   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deposits received  1,858  3,276  Contract liabilities  26(a)  60,336  53,938  Other taxes payables  22,397  22,874  Other payables and accruals  25,069  22,418  Provision for a legal claim  26(b)  15,834  17,187  125,494  119,693   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 26(a) The Group recognised the HKFRS 15 revenue-related contract liabilities as the Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedules as established in the property sale contracts. Payments are usually received in advance of the performance of the contracts which is mainly the sales of properties.

The revenue from sales of properties recognised related to brought-forward contract liabilities during the year is HK$7,420,000 (2021: HK$4,733,000).

At 31 December 2022, the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied related to sales of properties and expected to be satisfied within one year is HK$76,779,000 (2021: HK$71,965,000).

## 26(b) Provision for a legal claim

During the year ended 31 December 2020, a constructor of Shanwei GCI, a subsidiary of the Company, submitted an application for civil case proceedings at Shanwei Intermediate People's Court (the 'Court') for termination of a construction agreement ('Construction Agreement') and claiming approximately RMB48,457,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$59,336,000) for outstanding construction costs with accrued interests (the 'Outstanding Construction Cost'), losses due to the cessation of the construction and potential profits from the remaining construction work in accordance with the Construction Agreement. A land held by Shanwei GCI was seized by the Court due to the litigation.

Based on the legal opinion of the Group's lawyer in the PRC, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that an outflow of economic benefits may be required only for the Outstanding Construction Cost. Therefore, a provision for corresponding claim of RMB14,036,000 (equivalent to HK$15,834,000) (2021: RMB14,036,000 (equivalent to HK$17,187,000)) was provided at 31 December 2022. Up to the date of this report, there is no material update for the legal claim.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 27. AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES

The amounts due to related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and repayable on demand. Related companies represent companies in which Mr. Huang Shih Tsai, a substantial shareholder, has equity interests and/or directorships and over which Mr. Huang Shih Tsai is able to exercise control. The amounts represent advances to the Group for its working capital requirements.

## 28. AMOUNTS DUE TO SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

The amounts due to substantial shareholders are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand. The amounts represent advances to the Group for its working capital requirements.

## 29. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

The movements in deferred tax liabilities during the year are as follows:

## Deferred tax liabilities

| Investment  properties  Properties  held for sale  Properties  under  development  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  39,940  65,716  70,531  176,187  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  during the year  (Note 10)  -  (209)  -  (209)  Exchange realignment  1,092  1,794  1,930  4,816  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  41,032  67,301  72,461  180,794  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  during the year  (Note 10)  -  (286)  -  (286)  Exchange realignment  (3,229)  (5,291)  (5,704)  (14,224)  At 31 December 2022  37,803  61,724  66,757  166,284   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unrecognised tax losses of HK$81,820,000 (2021: HK$111,926,000) that are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose. Included in these tax losses, tax losses of HK$22,478,000 (2021: HK$22,478,000) arising in Hong Kong have no expiry date under current tax legislation, and tax losses of subsidiaries in the PRC have an utilisation period of 5 years as pre-determined by the tax rule and legislation of the PRC (2021: 5 to 8 years). At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following tax losses arising in the PRC that can be offset against future taxable profits of the respective subsidiaries for a maximum of 5 years (2021: 5 to 8 years) from the year in which the tax loss was incurred:

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (Continued)

Deferred tax liabilities (Continued)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year of expiry  2022  -  27,878  2023  12,697  15,870  2024  11,137  15,631  2025  12,198  13,686  2026  7,917  10,708  2027  15,393  1,473  2028  -  1,330  2029  -  2,872  59,342  89,448   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors from foreign investment enterprises established in the PRC. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

At 31 December 2022, there was no unremitted earnings of the Group's subsidiaries established in the PRC (2021: nil). There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its shareholders.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 30. SHARE CAPITAL

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Issued and fully paid:  3,975,233,406 (2021: 3,975,233,406) ordinary shares  983,266  983,266   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of movements in the Company's issued share capital is as follows:

| Number of  shares in issue  Issued capital  Capital  reduction  reserve  Total  '000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021,  1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022  3,975,233  983,266  265,505  1,248,771   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company adopted a share option scheme on 23 May 2011 (the '2011 Share Option Scheme'). The purpose of the 2011 Share Option Scheme is to reward participants who have contributed to the Group and to encourage participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and the shares for the benefit of the Company and the shareholders as a whole. The board of directors of the Company may, at its  sole  discretion, invite directors and employees of the Group and any advisors, consultants, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners, joint venture business partners, promoters, and service providers of any member of the Group to take up options to subscribe for shares in the Company. The participants need to remit HK$1 as consideration for the grant of an option.

The 2011 Share Option Scheme is adopted for a period of 10 years commencing on 23 May 2011. The option period shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of option.

The maximum number of shares which may be granted under the 2011 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the shares in issue at the date of adoption of the 2011 Share Option Scheme or the date of approval by the shareholders in general meeting where the limit is refreshed. The maximum number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted to each individual in any 12-month period up to and including the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares in issue at the date of grant unless approval from Company's shareholders has been obtained. Options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company in excess of 0.1% of the total number of shares in issue or with a value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved in advance by the Company's shareholders.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

Options may be exercised at any time during the specified option period. The exercise price shall be determined by the board of directors of the Company, and shall be at least the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company's shares on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Company's shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's shares. The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2011 Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the Company's shares in issue from time to time.

Details of the share options granted by the Company under the 2011 Share Option Scheme are as follows:

| Date of grant  Exercisable period  Number of  share options  granted  Exercise  price  Fair value at  grant date  HK$  HK$  23 January 2013  23 January 2015 to 22 January 2023  10,000,000  0.44  0.292   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the share options granted was HK$0.292 per option and the Group did not recognised any share-based payment expense for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The fair value of the share options granted at the date of grant was calculated using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

| Expected volatility  58.690%  Risk-free rate  0.975%  Expected life of option  8 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome. No other feature of the share options granted was incorporate into measurement of the fair value.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

Details of the movement of the Company's share options are as follows:

| Number of shares in respect of options  Name of participant  Date of  grant  Exercise  price per  share  Exercisable period  Outstanding  at 1 January  2022  Granted  during  the year  Exercised  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Outstanding  at 31  December  2022  HK$  2022  Directors:  Huang Shih Tsai  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Huang Wenxi  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Cheng Hong Kei  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Leung Kwan, Hermann  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Lum Pak Sum  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Subtotal  5,000,000  -  -  -  5,000,000  Employees:  In aggregate  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Total  5,500,000  -  -  -  5,500,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

| Number of shares in respect of options  Name of participant  Date of  grant  Exercise  price per  share  Exercisable period  Outstanding  at 1 January  2021  Granted  during  the year  Exercised  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Outstanding  at 31  December  2021  HK$  2021  Directors:  Huang Shih Tsai  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Huang Wenxi  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Cheng Hong Kei  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Leung Kwan, Hermann  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Lum Pak Sum  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  1,000,000  -  -  -  1,000,000  Subtotal  5,000,000  -  -  -  5,000,000  Employees:  In aggregate  23/1/2013  0.44  23/1/2015 - 22/1/2023  500,000  -  -  -  500,000  Total  5,500,000  -  -  -  5,500,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Subsequent to the year end, the exercisable period has lapsed without extension. None of the participants have exercised the Company's share options and the unexercised share options were then forfeited.

## 32. COMMITMENTS

The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contracted, but not provided for:  Construction and development of properties  245,114  173,680  Loan contributions payable to an associate  (Note 19)  215,467  233,880  460,581  407,560   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 33. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At 31 December 2022, the Group has contingent liabilities of RMB71,482,000 (equivalent to HK$80,639,000) (2021: RMB71,182,000 (equivalent to HK$87,162,000)) of which the Group has given guarantees of RMB71,382,000 (equivalent to HK$80,639,000) (2021: RMB71,182,000 (equivalent to HK$87,162,000)) to banks for housing loans extended by the banks to the purchasers of the Group's properties for a period from the date the loans are granted to the purchasers up to the date of issuance of property title certificates to the purchasers.

The fair value of the guarantees is not significant and the directors of the Company consider that, in case of default in payments by the purchasers, the net realisable value of the related properties will be sufficient to cover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage principals together with the accrued interests and penalties and therefore the guarantees have not been recognised in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Save as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, during the year, the Group had the following transactions with related parties:

Compensation of key management personnel, including amounts paid/payable to the Company's directors, of the Group:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  1,202  1,149  Pension scheme contributions  18  18  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  1,220  1,167   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of directors' emoluments are included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 35. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Financial assets at  amortised cost  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Loan receivable from an associate, net  133,830  145,262  Trade receivables  1,762  773  Financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and  other receivables*  (Note 23)  9,899  10,850  Cash and bank balances  19,741  22,271  165,232  179,156   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding prepayments

| Financial liabilities at  amortised cost  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial liabilities  Trade payables  45,071  48,382  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals*  (Note 26)  26,927  25,694  Lease liabilities  1,878  1,389  Amounts due to related companies  173,751  158,107  Amounts due to substantial shareholders  799,748  862,696  1,047,375  1,096,268   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excluding contract liabilities, other taxes payables and provision for a legal claim

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 36. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON CASH FLOWS

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group signed new lease agreements and renewed its lease arrangements in respect of office premises with a total capital value at the inception of the leases of HK$432,000 and HK$2,617,000 respectively (2021: HK$Nil and HK$2,353,000 respectively).

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

The movements during the years in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities are as follows:

| Non-cash changes  At 1  January  2022  Net cash  flow  New lease  Contract  modification  Foreign  exchange  movement  At 31  December  2022  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2022  Amounts due to substantial  shareholders  862,696  4,145  -  -  (67,093)  799,748  Amounts due to related  companies  158,107  28,960  -  -  (13,316)  173,751  Lease liabilities  1,389  (2,445)  432  2,617  (115)  1,878  1,022,192  30,660  432  2,617  (80,524)  975,377   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Non-cash changes  At 1  January  2021  Net cash  flow  New lease  Contract  modification  Foreign  exchange  movement  At 31  December  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Year ended 31 December 2021  Amounts due to substantial  shareholders  812,035  28,679  -  -  21,982  862,696  Amounts due to related  companies  148,061  5,996  -  -  4,050  158,107  Lease liabilities  1,439  (2,435)  -  2,353  32  1,389  961,535  32,240  -  2,353  26,064  1,022,192   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies and substantial shareholders and cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities, such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations. The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

## Foreign currency risk

The majority of the subsidiaries of the Group are operated in the PRC and most of their transactions are denominated in RMB. The exchange rate of RMB against HK$ is subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government. The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through amounts due to related companies and substantial shareholders that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the group entities/Company. The Group did not have significant exposure to foreign exchange risk arising from daily operating activities of the subsidiaries because their main operations are conducted in their functional currency.

At the end of the reporting period, if the exchange rates of RMB/HK$ had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2021: 5%) with all other variables held constant, the Group's profit for the year would have been HK$41,737,000 lower/higher (2021: loss for the year HK$45,303,000 higher/lower).

The sensitivity analysis has been determined assuming that the change in foreign exchange rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to Group's exposure to currency risk for all financial instruments in existence at that date, and that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant.

The stated changes in foreign currency represent management's assessment of reasonably possible changes in foreign exchange rates over the period until the next annual end of the reporting period.

## Credit risk

The Group trades only with and provide services only to recognised and creditworthy third parties and receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

The credit risk of the Group's other financial assets, which comprise cash and bank balances, deposits and other receivables and loan receivable from an associate arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments have low credit risk as the directors of the Company consider the credit risk in respect of cash and bank balances is minimal because the counter-parties are authorised financial institution with high credit ratings. In respect of deposits and other receivables and loan receivable from an associate, the directors of the Company consider the counter-parties with strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and low risk of default.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

In estimating the ECL, the Group has taken into account the historical actual credit loss experience over the past three years and available press information, adjusted for forward-looking factors that are specific to the debtors and general economic conditions of the industry in which the counterparties operate, in estimating the probability of default of these financial assets, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The directors of the Company consider the ECL of these financial assets to be insignificant after taking into account the financial position and credit quality of the counterparties.

There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group's trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors. The Group does not hold any collateral over trade receivables.

Further quantitative data in respect of the Group's exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are disclosed in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity of its financial instruments and projected cash flows from operations.

The maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period, based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| Total  carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Less than  1 year or  on demand  1 - 2 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2022  Trade payables  45,071  45,071  45,071  -  Other payables and accruals  26,927  26,927  26,927  -  Amounts due to related companies  (Note)  173,751  173,751  173,751  -  Amounts due to substantial  shareholders  (Note)  799,748  799,748  799,748  -  Lease liabilities  1,878  1,912  1,806  106  Guarantees given to banks in respect  of mortgage facilities granted to  certain purchasers of the Group's  properties  126,699  126,699  126,699  -  1,174,074  1,174,108  1,174,002  106   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 37. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

Liquidity risk (Continued)

| Total  carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Less than  1 year or  on demand  1 - 2 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2021  Trade payables  48,382  48,382  48,382  -  Other payables and accruals  25,694  25,694  25,694  -  Amounts due to related companies  (Note)  158,107  158,107  158,107  -  Amounts due to substantial  shareholders  (Note)  862,696  862,696  862,696  -  Lease liabilities  1,389  1,411  1,411  -  Guarantees given to banks in respect  of mortgage facilities granted to  certain purchasers of the Group's  properties  87,162  87,162  87,162  -  1,183,430  1,183,452  1,183,452  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: A substantial shareholder has confirmed that he will not demand repayment of the amounts due to him of HK$779,693,000 (2021: HK$844,671,000) and due to companies controlled by him of HK$173,751,000 (2021: HK$158,107,000) until the Group is in a position to do so.

## Capital management

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders' value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio calculated on the basis of interest-bearing bank borrowings over total equity. The Group targets to maintain a gearing ratio of 70% or below.

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Pursuant to the Companies Ordinance, the statement of financial position of the Company and the movements in its reserves are set out below:

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Investments in subsidiaries  17  1,715,745  1,873,089  Right-of-use assets  222  -  Total non-current assets  1,715,967  1,873,089  CURRENT ASSETS  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  485  460  Cash and bank balances  80  56  Total current assets  565  516  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payables and accruals  5,450  4,109  Amounts due to a subsidiary  9,469  9,486  Amounts due to substantial shareholders  806,024  868,987  Lease liabilities  190  -  Total current liabilities  821,133  882,582  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES  (820,568)  (882,066)  Total assets less current liabilities  895,399  991,023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  33  -  Net assets  895,366  991,023  EQUITY  Share capital  30  983,266  983,266  Reserves  38(a)  (87,900)  7,757  Total equity  895,366  991,023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 April 2023 and signed on its behalf by

Huang Shih Tsai

Director

Huang Wenxi Director

## NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

## (a) Movements of the reserves

| Capital  reduction  reserve  (Note i)  Share-based  payment  reserve  (Note ii)  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  265,505  1,607  (266,313)  799  Profit for the year and  total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  6,958  6,958  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  265,505  1,607  (259,355)  7,757  Loss for the year and  total comprehensive loss  for the year  -  -  (95,657)  (95,657)  At 31 December 2022  265,505  1,607  (355,012)  (87,900)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The capital reduction reserve represents the surplus arising from capital reduction transaction, and the reserve is non-distributable.
- (ii) The share-based payment reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payment transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
- (iii) No reserves of the Company at 31 December 2022 and 2021, calculated under Part 6 of the Company Ordinance, is available for distribution.

## FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  RESULT  REVENUE  12,546  10,018  47,316  28,270  87,228  PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR  53,021  (47,673)  (82,479)  (3,549)  41,712  At 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  TOTAL ASSETS  2,208,158  2,362,698  2,259,933  2,108,768  2,108,466  TOTAL LIABILITIES  (1,312,792)  (1,371,675)  (1,275,868)  (1,166,772)  (1,208,278)  NET ASSETS  895,366  991,023  984,065  941,996  900,188   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURES PURSUANT TO SECTION 436 OF THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE (THE 'CO')

The above financial information relating to the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 does not constitute the Company's specified financial statements for those years as defined in section 436 of the CO but is derived therefrom.

The Company has delivered the specified financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 to the Registrar of Companies (Cap.622) and will deliver the specified financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 in due course.

Auditor's reports have been prepared on the specified financial statements for both years.

For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the auditor's reports were not qualified or otherwise modified; did not refer to any matter to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying the reports; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or (3) of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.622).

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Location  Intended Use  Category of  lease term  Group's interest (%)  Jinliwan Resort Complex located in  Baian Peninsula, Houmen Town,  Haifeng County, Shanwei City,  Guangdong Province, The PRC  Commercial use  Medium  100%  Great China Eastern New World  Square located at  No. 1 Zhongxing Zhong Road,  Aotou Town, Daya Bay, Huizhou City,  Guangdong Province, The PRC  Commercial use  Medium  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROPERTIES HELD FOR SALE

| Location  Intended Use  Category of  lease term  Group's interest (%)  Residential units of Block 1 and Block 2  Great China Eastern New World  Square located at  No. 1 Zhongxing Zhong Road,  Aotou Town,  Daya Bay, Huizhou City,  Guangdong Province, The PRC  Residential use  Medium  100%  Four completed residential blocks and  various residential blocks under  construction located at Honghai Main road,  Shanwei City,  Guangdong Province, the PRC  Residential use  Long  100%  Five residential blocks under construction  located in Baian Peninsular, Houmen Town,  Haifeng County, Shanwei City,  Guangdong Province, the PRC  Residential use  Long  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PARTICULARS OF MAJOR PROPERTIES

## PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

| Location  Gross Floor  Area  (square  meter)  Stage of  Completion  Lease Expiry  Group's  Interest  Anticipated  completion  Two land parcels beside the  Jinliwan Rxesort Complex located in  Baian Peninsula, Houmen Town,  Haifeng County Shanwei City,  Guangdong Province, the PRC  87,444  Developing Stage  2052 for  commercial use  2082 for  residential use  100%  2023  No. 2 Island &amp; No.3 Island  inside Tonggang Reservoir of  the Seventh Farm,  Tanghai County, Tangshan City,  Hebei Province, the PRC  189,661  Pending for Stage  2048 for  commercial use  99.99%  A parcels of land located on  the eastern side of Wuzishan,  Zhelang Nanao Tourist Area;  a parcel of land located on  Gongqian Nanao Road East,  Zhelangjiedao and two parcels  of land located in Wantankeng,  Zhelangjiedao Nanao Tourist Area,  Shanwei City,  Guangdong Province, the PRC  273,534  Developing Stage  2054  100%  2027   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|