<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd.

(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)

3689

<!-- image -->

2022 年報 Annual Report

## Contents 目錄

- 2 Corporate Information 公司資料
- 4 Financial Highlights 財務概覽
- 6 The Chief Executive Officer's Statement 行政總裁報告
- 14 Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析
- 60 Report of the Board 董事會報告
- 82 Report of the Supervisory Committee 監事會報告
- 83 Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告
- 105 Environmental, Social and Governance Report 環境、社會及管治報告
- 154 Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management 董事、監事及高級管理層
- 167 Independent Auditor's Report 獨立核數師報告
- 174 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 綜合損益及其他全面收益表
- 175 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 綜合財務狀況表
- 177 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 綜合權益變動表
- 178 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 綜合現金流量表
- 181 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 綜合財務報表附註
- 289 Financial Summary 財務概要

290

Definitions

釋義

## Corporate Information

公司資料

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Junyang  (Chairman) Mr. Chen Wangzhi  (Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Wong Wai Hung  (Vice Chairman) Ms. Wang Aiqin

Non-executive Director

Mr. Lv Yubo

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yeung Ming Lai Dr. Chen Keji Mr. Chan Sing Nun

Audit Committee

Mr. Chan Sing Nun  (Chairman) Dr. Chen Keji Mr. Yeung Ming Lai

Remuneration Committee

Mr. Chan Sing Nun  (Chairman) Ms. Wang Aiqin Mr. Yeung Ming Lai

Nomination Committee

Mr. Wang Junyang  (Chairman) Dr. Chen Keji Mr. Yeung Ming Lai

## SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

Mr. Chen Shaoming  (Chairman) Mr. Wang Shaofeng Mr. Yue Chunyang

## JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky Ms. Chau Hing Ling

## SECRETARY TO THE BOARD

Ms. Wang Yingda

## 董事會

執行董事

王君揚先生 （主席） 陳旺枝先生 （行政總裁） 王偉雄先生 （副主席） 王愛勤女士

非執行董事

呂玉波先生

獨立非執行董事

楊銘澧先生 陳可冀醫生 陳星能先生

審核委員會

陳星能先生 （主席） 陳可冀醫生 楊銘澧先生

薪酬委員會

陳星能先生 （主席） 王愛勤女士 楊銘澧先生

提名委員會

王君揚先生 （主席） 陳可冀醫生 楊銘澧先生

## 監事會

陳少明先生 （主席） 王少鋒先生 岳春陽先生

## 聯席公司秘書

黃偉恒先生 周慶齡女士

## 董事會秘書

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Information

公司資料

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Wong Wai Hung Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky

## AUDITOR

Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

## LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAWS

Allen &amp; Overy

## LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO PRC LAWS

Commerce &amp; Finance Law Offices

## REGISTERED OFFICE

3/F, Outpatient Zone One Dongguan Kanghua Hospital Nancheng Street Road Dongguan Guangdong Province PRC

## HEAD OFFICE IN THE PRC

1000 Dongguan Avenue Dongguan Guangdong Province PRC

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Unit 3207, Metroplaza Tower 2 223 Hing Fong Road Kwai Fong, New Territories Hong Kong

## H SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Wanchai Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

3689

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

http://www.kanghuagp.com

## 授權代表

王偉雄先生 黃偉恒先生

## 核數師

天職香港會計師事務所有限公司 執業會計師 註冊公眾利益實體核數師

## 香港法律顧問

安理國際律師事務所

## 中國法律顧問

通商律師事務所

## 註冊辦事處

中國 廣東省 東莞市 南城街道 東莞康華醫院 門診一區 3 樓

## 中國總部

中國 廣東省 東莞市 東莞大道 1000 號

## 香港主要營業地點

香港 新界葵芳 興芳路 223 號 新都會廣場第二座 3207 室

## H 股證券登記處

香港中央證券登記有限公司 香港 灣仔 皇后大道東 183 號 合和中心 17 樓 1712-1716 號舖

## 股份代號

3689

## 公司網站

http://www.kanghuagp.com

## KEY FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 主要財務表現

| For the year ended 31 December  截至十二月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  YoY Change  RMB'000  RMB'000  按年變動  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue  收益  -5.5%  1,845,633  1,953,944  Gross profit  毛利  -25.9%  261,350  352,748  Gross profit margin  毛利率  -3.9 b.p.  14.2%  18.1%  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  -46.4%  69,309  129,209  Profit for the year  年內溢利  -58.6%  27,736  66,925  Profit for the year attributable to owners of  the Company  本公司擁有人應佔  年內溢利  -35.3%  61,032  94,307  Adjusted EBITDA #  經調整  EBITDA #  -30%  215,811  308,113  Earnings per share - basic  (RMB cents)  每股盈利－基本  （人民幣分）  -35.3%  18.3  28.2  Total assets  總資產  0.5%  2,719,334  2,704,602  Total liabilities  總負債  -1.1%  1,216,827  1,230,175  Equity attributable to owners of the  Company  本公司擁有人  應佔權益  4.3%  1,487,869  1,426,837  Net gearing ratio  淨資產負債率  -2.4 b.p.  18.7%  21.1%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain/loss and investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL'), net exchange gain/loss and impairment loss on goodwill.

#

經調整 EBITDA 為除銀行及其他利息收入、 利息開支、稅項、折舊及攤銷、公平值收 益╱虧損及按公平值計入損益（ 「按公平值 計入損益」 ） 的金融資產投資收入、匯兌收 益╱虧損淨額及商譽減值虧損前的盈利。

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Financial Highlights

ৌਕ฿ᚎ

## REVENUE PROPORTION BY MAJOR HEALTHCARE DISCIPLINES *

## 主要科室收益佔比*

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2

0

6

The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

## Chen Wangzhi 陳旺枝

## Chief Executive Officer 行政總裁

Recognising that the happiness and health of the citizens are 'essential', the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China has strategically positioned the guarantee of  people's  health  as  part  of  its  priority development initiatives. It indicates that the Communist Party of China has paid high attention to the health of 1.4 billion citizens, by proffering Chinese solutions focused on the 'people-oriented and life-oriented' principle to safeguard the life and health of the citizens. In close pursuit of the hospital's mission of 'caring for the people and practicing medicine with integrity', all  medical workers of the Group and Kanghua Hospital take practical actions to deliver the original aspiration to 'patientcentered' services, and demonstrate a high sense of responsibility and courage in the mission of saving the dead and healing the wounded. In the face of ongoing adjustments to pandemic prevention and control policies, the Group has risen to tremendous challenges in various assignments over the last year. As Kanghua Hospital deepened its fourth fiveyear development plan with the efforts of all employees, we overcame various difficulties including manpower shortage, heavy workload, and severe pandemic prevention and control conditions. As the world ushered in another 'tsunami' of pandemic outbreaks amidst the rapid spread of COVID-19 variants in 2022, the Group continued to improve medical quality control, and improve diagnosis and treatment service standards, safeguarding medical safety.

人民幸福，健康為 「要」 。中國共產黨的二十 大把保障人民健康放在優先發展的戰略位置。 這是中國共產黨對 14 億人民健康的高度關注， 為守護人民生命健康給出「人民至上、生命 至上」的中國方案。本集團及康華醫院的全 體醫務人員緊緊圍繞 「蒼生為念，厚德載醫」 的辦院宗旨，用實際行動踐行 「以患者為中心」 的初心，用高度的責任感勇擔救死扶傷的使 命。面對疫情防控政策的不斷調整，過去的 一年，本集團各項工作受到巨大挑戰，但得 到全體員工的努力，在康華醫院第四個五年 發展規劃的深化推動下，克服了人員少、任 務重、疫情防控形勢嚴峻等種種困難。二零 二二年，隨著新冠變異毒的迅速蔓延，全球 迎來了又一波疫情 「海嘯」 ，本集團不斷完善 醫療品質管制，提升診療服務水準，保證醫 療安全。

Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd. Annual Report 2022

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Company, I sincerely express my gratitude to all Shareholders and other stakeholders from different parts of the community for your continuous support to the Group.

The year 2022 was a challenging one; the economic environment was uncertain and emergencies, such as the resurging pandemic, affected our business development and operations. For most of the year, the coronavirus ('COVID-19') pandemic persisted and the operation of our hospitals and medical facilities faced some business interruptions as the local healthcare authorities imposed strict  controls on healthcare services. The mass COVID-19 testing and strict lockdowns in parts of Guangzhou and many other cities around China, in an effort to uphold the zero-COVID policy, led to significant economic and social disruption. Isolated cases identified at our medical facilities also resulted in temporary access restrictions that impacted our operations.

<!-- image -->

## 致股東：

本人謹代表本公司衷心感謝全體股東及社會 各界其他利益相關人士對本集團的持續支持。

二零二二年是充滿挑戰的一年，不確定的經 濟環境和疫情反覆等突發因素對我們的業 務發展和運營造成了困難。於二零二二年的 大部分時間，二零一九年新型冠狀病毒病 （ 「 COVID-19 」 ） 疫情仍在持續蔓延，由於當地 衛生主管部門對醫療服務實施了嚴格的管控， 因此，我們的醫院和醫療設施都遭受了一定 程度的業務中斷。為堅持新型冠狀病毒清零 政策，廣州部分地區以及中國周邊多個其他 城市進行大規模 COVID-19 檢測及嚴格封控措 施，導致對經濟及社會帶來較大影響。我們 醫療設施發現的隔離病例亦導致臨時就診 受限，影響了我們的業務運營。

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

## The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

Towards the end of the year, China announced relaxations of its COVID-19 controls and the intention of reopening its borders in 2023. In December 2022, the government announced, people infected with COVID-19, including those who were asymptomatic or with minor symptoms, could isolate at home or in a dedicated facility. However, the relaxation raised concerns of a potential wave of confirmed cases, which would overwhelm the country's medical system and disrupt production and supply chains. The National Health Commission (NHC) released multiple circulars to provide guidance on home quarantine and medical treatment processes for the COVID-19 confirmed cases. The surge of confirmed cases towards the end of the year, the lack of resources for COVID-19 treatment and the imbalance between supply and demand presented both threats and opportunities to our operations.

In late December 2022, China made a remarkable turnaround from its zeroCOVID policy and most provinces in China announced that asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic employees in both public and private sectors would be permitted to head to work as usual if their health conditions allowed so. Hospitals also urged medical workers whom contracted COVID-19 to resume normal work amid the surge of COVID-19 cases. This policy shift was widely expected to boost the Chinese economy after March 2023, when the first wave of COVID-19 case surges were expected to subside. However, in the short-term, the sudden change in COVID-19 strategy and the spike in infections might continue to disrupt the supply chain and business operations. Nevertheless, the COVID-19 pandemic over the past three years has raised the overall public health awareness in China.

In 2022, Kanghua Hospital's medical staff upheld the hospital's mission of 'caring for the people and practicing medicine with integrity', and prioritized the needs and interests of the patients in their work. The medical teams demonstrated professionalism and dedication in saving lives and treating those who were ill, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic. Kanghua Hospital also improved its management efficiency in 2022 by reinforcing various mechanisms and ensuring that all management tasks followed clear and rational rules and principles. This provided a solid institutional basis for standardizing and scientizing hospital management. In terms of information technology construction, Kanghua Hospital introduced the DRGs hospital management system, the single-disease management system, and the VTE prevention management system in 2022 to build an internal control information system, which effectively improved the hospital's management efficiency, enhanced the level of medical quality control, increased the utilization rate of internal control information, and improved the patients' medical experience. Kanghua Hospital has enhanced its standardized management of medical technology applications by reviewing the new technologies and projects proposed by various departments, strictly controlling quality, and tracking and following up on the case volume, medical quality, and safety monitoring indicators of the implemented new technologies and

於二零二二年年底，中國宣佈放寬 COVID-19 管控措施，並計劃於二零二三年恢復通關。 政府於二零二二年十二月公佈， COVID-19 感 染者（無癥狀或屬輕癥人士）可選擇居家隔 離或入住專用設施進行隔離。然而，此舉引 發人們對於確診病例激增可能壓垮國家醫 療系統，以及對生產和供應鏈造成影響的擔 憂。國家衛生健康委員會（國家衛健委）發 佈多份通知，對 COVID-19 確診病例的居家隔 離及醫療流程作出指引。隨著二零二二年底 確診病例激增、 COVID-19 治療資源短缺及供 需失衡，我們的業務運營既面臨挑戰亦有機 遇。

於二零二二年十二月底，中國的新型冠狀病 毒清零政策發生重大轉變，中國大多數省份 宣佈， COVID-19 檢測呈陽性的公營及私營界 別僱員如無癥狀或屬輕癥，於健康狀況允許 的情況下可正常上班。於 COVID-19 病例激增 期間，醫院亦呼籲感染的醫務人員繼續正常 工作。人們普遍認為，於第一波 COVID-19 病 例得到控制後，中國經濟將於二零二三年三 月後開始好轉。然而， COVID-19 政策的突然 轉向及病例的激增可能會短期內繼續影響 供應鏈及商業運營。然而，可以肯定的是， 過往三年的 COVID-19 疫情提高了中國公眾的 健康意識。

於二零二二年，康華醫院的醫務人員秉承醫 院「蒼生為念，厚德載醫」的使命，以患者 的需求與利益為工作的核心。醫療團隊於 COVID-19 疫情期間面臨著以專業的奉獻精神 拯救生命及治癒傷員的挑戰。於二零二二年， 康華醫院透過強化各項機制，確保各項管理 工作遵守清晰合理的規章制度與原則，持續 提高管理效能。這為醫院管理的規範化與科 學化奠定了堅實的制度基礎。在資訊科技建 設方面，康華醫院引進了疾病診斷相關群組 (DRGS) 醫院管理系統、單病種管理系統、靜 脈血栓栓塞症 (VTE) 預防管理系統，以建立內 控資訊系統，有效地提升了醫院管理效能， 提高了醫療質控水準，增加了內控資訊的利 用率，並改善了患者的就醫體驗。康華醫院 亦加強醫療技術應用的標準化管理，對各部 門上報的新技術與新項目進行審核，嚴格控 管質量，並對已開展的新技術與新項目的病 例數、醫療質量與安全監測指標進行追蹤與

<!-- image -->

## The Chief Executive Officer's Statement

行政總裁報告

跟進，進一步保障醫療安全，提高醫療質量。 康華醫院將全面加大檢查督導力度，規範診 療行為，並持續建立醫院的良好聲譽。於二 零二三年，康華醫院將繼續貫徹 「三精管理， 從我做起」的戰略主題，對管理提出品質、 效率、服務的要求。康華醫院亦於二零二二 年啟動了醫院分級復評的工作，評估工作側 重於醫院管理、醫療管理、醫療服務、醫療 安全、臨床結果、技術水平及持續改進等七 個方面。康華醫院的目標是在二零二三年年 底順利通過三級甲等復評。

仁康醫院於二零二二年，面對疫情挑戰，堅 持常態化防控，同時積極推進二甲創建和日 常診療工作。本著「以評促建、以評促改、 評建並舉、重在內涵」的方針，不斷提升醫 療品質和診療水準，確保醫療安全。仁康醫 院狠抓醫療質量控制，提高醫療技術水平， 引進科學學科質控帶頭人，明確崗位職責， 完善組織架構，建立健全醫院醫療服務能力 和質量安全監測數據管理制度，加強單病種 管理、臨床路徑管理等科室質控，推進質控 制度應用，規範病歷書寫，提高醫療質量水 平。於二零二二年，仁康醫院亦加大信息化 建設和設備設施建設，提升管理質量。於二 零二三年，仁康醫院將加強中長期發展願景 和戰略目標，以精細化管理、精准醫療、精 誠服務，著力打造 「名院、名科、名醫」 建設。 為了更好地實施 「重內涵、樹口碑」 戰略，齊 心協力，推動醫院 「安全、品質、服務、管理、 績效」 邁上新台階。

康心醫院秉持以患者為中心的理念，年內 積極培養人才，不斷拓展業務領域。面對 COVID-19 疫情的嚴峻影響，康心醫院全體員 工勇敢承擔，迎難而上，積極配合政府防疫 措施，有效開展各項抗疫工作。於二零二二 年，醫院針對發展中的問題，綜合分析市場 形勢，強化經營，以大專科為基礎，逐步發 展小綜合特色，進一步提升服務意識，以醫 療質量和安全建設為重點，實現良好的社會 效益和經濟效益，推動醫院綜合發展邁向新

projects, thus ensuring medical safety and improving medical quality. Kanghua Hospital will intensify its inspection and supervision, standardize its diagnosis and treatment practices, and continue to develop a distinguished reputation for the hospital. In 2023, Kanghua Hospital will continue to align with the strategic theme of 'three-precision management, starting from me', and further improve its quality, efficiency, and service through management. Kanghua Hospital also launched the hospital classification re-evaluation work in 2022, which covers seven aspects: hospital management, medical management, medical service, medical safety, clinical outcome, technical level and continuous improvement. Kanghua Hospital aims to pass the Class III Grade A re-evaluation by the end of 2023.

Throughout 2022, Renkang Hospital simultaneously faced the challenges of the pandemic, pursued the Class II accreditation, and maintained daily diagnosis and treatment services. The hospital adhered to the normalized pandemic prevention and control measures, and followed the working principle of 'improving and advancing through evaluation, integrating evaluation and construction, and emphasizing integrity'. The hospital vigorously promoted its Class II accreditation work, enhanced its medical quality control, raised the standard of diagnosis and treatments, and ensured medical safety. Renkang Hospital paid close attention to medical quality control, upgraded its medical technology levels, recruited quality control leaders in scientific disciplines, defined job responsibilities and optimized the organizational structure, established and improved the hospital's medical service capacity and quality safety monitoring data management system, reinforced departmental quality control management such as single disease management and clinical pathway management, applied the quality control system and standardized medical record writing, and elevated the medical quality level. Throughout the year, Renkang Hospital also invested in information construction, equipment and facilities construction to improve management quality. In 2023, Renkang Hospital will reinforce the medium and long-term development vision and strategic goals, and focus on building 'reputable hospital, reputable departments, reputable doctors' with refined management, precise medical care and sincere service. To better implement the strategy of 'focusing on integrity and building reputation', the hospital staff will work together to promote the hospital's 'safety, quality, service, management and performance' to the next level.

Throughout the year, Kangxin Hospital upheld the patient-centered principle, vigorously developed its talent team, and continuously expanded its business scope. Facing the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, all staff of Kangxin Hospital assumed responsibility and rose up to the challenge, actively following the government's guidance, and effectively carried out various anti-pandemic and prevention measures. In 2022, the hospital comprehensively analyzed the market situation, strengthened its operation, and built on the solid foundation of its major disciplines to gradually develop smaller comprehensive disciplines. It also further improved its service awareness, and focused on medical quality and safety construction, achieving respectable social and economic benefits, taking

## The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

the hospital's comprehensive development to new heights. During the year, the management arrangements with Silver Mountain brought Kangxin Hospital the management experience of international hospitals and an international team of medical experts in the cardiovascular field, thus accelerating the standardization of the hospital. The management arrangements will leverage the network, resources and healthcare capability of Silver Mountain to improve and optimize the operations of Kangxin Hospital. The Board considers the management arrangements a good opportunity to leverage Silver Mountain's network and resources to ramp up and optimize the operations of Kangxin Hospital in a shorter timeframe, and minimize further loss the Group may incur in connection with Kangxin Hospital. In 2023, Kangxin Hospital will focus on 'optimizing clinical cooperation, improving technical levels, strengthening talent cultivation, promoting hospital construction, and strictly managing various aspects', and also enhancing the hospital's reputation, further improving the hospital's medical technical standards, streamlining the hospital's organizational structure, and strictly controlling the hospital's operating costs, and strive to achieve the hospital's sustainable development.

The pandemic prevention and control measures in the region significantly restricted the admission of patients to our rehabilitation hospital for most of 2022, affecting our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment. Our children's rehabilitation centers also faced challenges due to the Anhui Provincial Disabled Persons' Federation's requirements, and the centers had to suspend classes at least four times, with the longest closure lasting 71 days. Despite the pandemic impact in 2022, our business showed resilience, with each rehabilitation center and hospital achieving different levels of growth. Among them, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital had the highest growth rate of business income, while both rehabilitation hospitals saw substantial increase in outpatient and inpatient volumes, courtesy to factors such as our enhanced brand influence, team cooperation, patient satisfaction, and improved transportation and residential facilities nearby. In 2023, Anhui Hualin Group adhered to the 'rehabilitation' principle and followed the 'differentiated' development approach. We ensured the stability of our existing rehabilitation business, while forming an innovation team to develop new projects and maintain our technological edge and industry leadership in rehabilitation. We also continued to strengthen our standards, improve our management system, perfect our Kanghua Smart Rehabilitation System, enhance our internal inspection management, and provide guidance and training, ensuring all our staff and institutions focus on the standards that ensure safety and sustainability.

階段。年內，醫院與銀山資本所訂立的管理 安排，為醫院引入國際醫院的管理經驗和心 血管領域的國際專家團隊，加快了醫院的規 範化建設。管理安排將利用銀山資本的網絡、 資源和醫療保健能力，改善和優化醫院的運 營。董事會認為，管理安排是利用銀山資本 的網絡和資源，縮短提升和優化醫院運營的 時間，並將集團因康心醫院可能造成的進一 步損失降至最低的良機。於二零二三年，康 心醫院將以 「優化診療合作，提高技術水準， 強化人才培養，推進醫院建設，嚴格各項管 理」為工作思路，提高醫院知名度，進一步 提升醫療技術水準，完善醫院組織架構，嚴 控醫院的經營成本，以更大的決心和更強的 舉措實現醫院的可持續發展。

本集團的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部，於 二零二二年大部分時間內，受到區域疫情防 控的嚴格規範，我們的康復醫院病人收治受 到嚴重限制。安徽省殘疾人聯合會的疫情防 控規定，導致我們的兒童康復中心受到不同 程度的影響。學校至少停課四次，其中最長 的一次停課達 71 天。但即便受到疫情影響， 二零二二年，該業務仍有所反彈，各康復中 心及醫院均實現了不同程度的增長。其中， 合肥康華康復醫院的營業收入增長最快。 這得益於醫院品牌影響力、團隊合作及患者 滿意度的提升，以及交通設施的進一步完善 和周邊居民數量的增加等因素，使得兩家康 復醫院的門診及住院人次大幅增加。於二零 二三年，安徽樺霖集團秉承「康復」原則並 堅持「差異化」發展方針。在確保現有康復 業務的穩定的同時，我們將組建創新團隊， 開發新項目，並確保安徽樺霖集團的康復項 目始終處於技術領先和行業領先的水平。我 們將持續加強標準建設、不斷完善管理體系、 優化康華智慧康復系統，加強內部檢驗管理， 並提供指導和培訓，使所有人員和機構都重 視標準建設，以確保安全和可持續發展。

<!-- image -->

## The Chief Executive Officer's Statement

行政總裁報告

本集團的老年醫療服務分部，即仁康護理院， 隨著運營日臻成熟，已在當地老年醫療服務 領域贏得良好聲譽。二零二二年，該護理院 已加強其管理能力，嚴格遵守指定醫療保險 機構制度規定，按照國家醫療保障資訊平台 要求，規範登記入住長者資訊，及時更新檢 驗、檢查、藥品及耗材等資訊和管理，按醫 療保險定點機構標準提供健康諮詢、健康檢 查、健康管理干預、藥物管理服務、日常照 護服務等，並完成在院長者的常見病診治、 慢病管理治療和急救。二零二三年，仁康護 理院將積極準備並迎接市衛健委的「東莞市 2022 年醫養結合機構服務品質評價」現場檢 查，並通過東莞市民政局委託的合作供應機 構進行的二零二一年全市養老服務工作現 場評估，從而進一步規範仁康護理院各項管 理制度的執行，達到以檢促改、以檢提質的 目標。於二零二三年，仁康護理院亦將積極 申請廣東省老年友善醫療機構資質。

我們深信，老年醫療保健作為大健康醫療服 務產業的重要組成部分，必將成為未來的發 展趨勢。我們在東莞市清溪鎮的康華 · 清溪 分院是本集團的新型老年醫療保健綜合體 項目，其主要設施已於二零二一年動工。這 也是我們未來幾年的重點投資項目之一。該 項目將打造一個綜合性的老年醫療中心，專 注於老年患者和康復服務，並將進一步提升 本集團在高端綜合醫療護理服務方面的實力， 以應對中國廣東省不斷增長的醫療需求。項 目總建築面積逾 130,000 平方米，規劃建築 內容包括數棟醫技樓、住院樓及護理樓，其 中住院床位 500 張，護理康復床位約 800 張。 項目一期預計於二零二四年四月前完成主 體結構建設和驗收，二零二五年二月前完成 室內裝修和驗收，並於二零二五年三月前投 入運營。

本集團於二零二二年錄得綜合收入人民幣 1,845.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,953.9 百萬元） ，按年下降 5.5% ，主因自有醫院業 務整體就診人次減少，導致醫院服務分部收 入下跌 6.4% 。此項下跌由康復及其他醫療服 務及老年醫療服務分部收入上升所部分抵銷， 該兩個分部的收入分別增長 10.1% 及 1.8% 。

The Renkang Elderly Care Centre, the Group's elderly healthcare service segment, has maintained its good reputation in local elderly care services as it continues to mature in its operations. It also standardized the information of the elderly residents according to the criteria of the designated medical insurance institutions, as required by the National Medical Security Information Platform, and updated the information and management of laboratory tests, examinations, drugs and consumables in a timely manner. The centre also provided health consultation, health examination, health management intervention, drug management service, daily care service, and so on, and handled diagnosis and treatment, chronic disease management and treatment, and emergency care of the common diseases of the elderly residents. In 2023, Renkang Elderly Care Centre will proactively prepare for and participate in the 'Dongguan City 2022 Medical and Nursing Integration Service Quality Evaluation' on-site inspection by the Municipal Health Commission, and complete the on-site evaluation of the city's elderly care service work in 2021 organized by the Dongguan Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau and its cooperative service providers. This will help the center further standardize the implementation of various management systems, and achieve the goal of improving and enhancing quality continuously through inspection. The center will also actively apply for the qualification of Guangdong Province's Elderly-Friendly Medical Institution in 2023.

We believe that the continued growth of the healthcare industry for the elderly is  poised to be a major trend in the future. Our Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex, located in Qingxi Town, Dongguan, is the Group's new development project for elderly medical and healthcare services. Construction work of the main facilities began in 2021 and the project is one of our key investments for the next few years. The development features a comprehensive elderly healthcare medical facility that specializes in geriatric and rehabilitation care, and will further enhance the Group's ability to provide high-end integrated medical care to meet the growing demand for such services in Guangdong Province, the PRC. The complex has a total construction area of over 130,000 square meters, and the planned architectural design includes several medical technology buildings, inpatient buildings, and nursing buildings, with a total of 500 inpatient beds and around 800 nursing and rehabilitation beds. The first phase of the construction project is expected to complete and pass the main structure inspection by April 2024; finish and pass the interior decoration inspection by February 2025; and commence its first phrase of operation by March 2025.

In  2022,  the  Group's  consolidated revenue for the year amounted was RMB1,845.6 million (2021: RMB1,953.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.5%, mainly due to the 6.4% drop in revenue from our hospital services segment as a result of lower overall patient visits to our self-owned hospital operations. The decrease was partly offset by the revenue growth from our rehabilitation and other healthcare services and elderly healthcare services segments, which both increased by 10.1% and 1.8% respectively.

## The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

The revenue of our hospital services segment was RMB1,721.5 million for the year, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.4% from RMB1,839.5 million in 2021. Both Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital saw their revenue decline by 8.0% and 4.2% respectively, mainly due to lower patient visits. However, Kangxin Hospital achieved a 41.8% increase in revenue compared with 2021, reaching RMB53.6 million. Kangxin Hospital's operational performance improved significantly in 2022, with more outpatient, inpatient and physical examination visits. Despite still operating at a loss, Kangxin Hospital reduced its deficit during the Reporting Period.

Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment generated a revenue of RMB111.7 million (2021: RMB101.5 million) for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%. Our revenue from rehabilitation hospital operations (comprising Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu Hospital, Bengbu Renkang Hospital (a class I general hospital) and an out-patient centre) rose by 30.0%. However, this was offset by a 3.4% decrease in revenue from our rehabilitation centre services and other healthcare services (including thirteen rehabilitation centres and one vocational training school). The overall revenue growth was mainly driven by higher patient intake at our rehabilitation hospitals, the expansion of our rehabilitation centre network and increased collaboration with the local Disabled Persons Federation, as well as gradual recovery from the impacts caused by the pandemic.

Our elderly healthcare services segment primarily represents the operations of our Renkang Elderly Care Centre, which is located inside Renkang Hospital and provides quality high-end elderly care services to local residents in Houjie Town, Dongguan City, the PRC. This segment recorded a revenue of RMB12.5 million for the year (2021: RMB12.2 million), a year-on-year increase of 1.8%, mainly due to the gradual improvement of the elderly centre's operation since its official opening in 2019.

The Group's consolidated profit for the Reporting Period was RMB27.7 million (2021: RMB66.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 58.6%. The decrease was mainly attributable to: (i) lower revenue and profit from Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital, which were affected by a series of factors, including the decline in inpatient and outpatient visits and the business disruptions caused by isolated COVID-19 cases identified within Kanghua Hospital that led to temporary closures of our outpatient department during the Reporting Period; (ii) Kangxin Hospital continued to operate at a loss, despite a significant increase in revenue, during the Reporting Period; and (iii) the drop in overall operating margin from 18.1% to 14.2% for the Reporting Period.

我們的醫院服務分部，錄得年度收益人民幣 1,721.5 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,839.5 百萬元） ，同比下降 6.4% 。康華醫院及仁康 醫院均錄得收益分別減少 8.0% 及 4.2% ，主 要原因是就診人次減少。然而，康心醫院的 收益較二零二一年增長了 41.8% 。康心醫院 的營運表現顯著提升，門診、住院和體檢的 人數都有所上升。雖然康心醫院仍處於虧 損狀態，但在報告期內，收益達到了人民幣 53.6 百萬元。

我們的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部，錄得 年度收益人民幣 111.7 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 101.5 百萬元） ，按年同比增長 10.1% 。 其中，我們的康復醫院服務（包括合肥康華 康復醫院及合肥金谷醫院、蚌埠仁康醫院 （即 一級綜合醫院）及一個門診中心）收益較去 年增加 30.0% ；而我們的康復中心服務及其 他醫療服務（包括十三間康復中心及一間職 業培訓學校）收益則下降了 3.4% ，抵銷了部 分增長。收益的整體提升，主要得益於我們 的康復醫院收治患者的情況有所好轉，我們 的康復中心網絡擴展並與當地殘疾人聯合 會的合作加強，以及我們的業務逐步從疫情 的影響中恢復。

我們的老年醫療服務分部主要指負責仁康 護理院的營運，該院設於仁康醫院內，為中 國東莞市厚街鎮的社區居民提供優質的高 端老年護理服務。本年度，我們的老年醫療 服務分部實現收入人民幣 12.5 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 12.2 百萬元） ，同比增長 1.8% ， 這主要得益於護理院自二零一九年正式開 業以來營運日趨成熟。

本集團於報告期間的綜合溢利為人民幣 27.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 66.9 百萬元） ， 按年跌幅達 58.6% ，主要原因如下： (i) 報告 期間，康華醫院及仁康醫院的營收及盈利均 有所下滑，這主要受到多方面因素的影響， 包括住院及門診人次減少，以及康華醫院發 現個別 COVID-19 病例而導致業務中斷，致使 我們的門診部暫停服務； (ii) 儘管於報告期間 收入大幅增加，康心醫院仍持續虧損經營； 及 (iii) 報告期間，本集團的整體經營利潤率 由 18.1% 降至 14.2% 。

<!-- image -->

## The Chief Executive OfGLYPH&lt;31&gt;cer's Statement

行政總裁報告

本集團的經調整 EBITDA （經調整 EBITDA 為除 利息、稅項、折舊、攤銷及其他項目前的盈利） 按年同比下降 30.0% ，至人民幣 215.8 百萬元 （二零二一年為人民幣 308.1 百萬元） ，反映 出本集團的核心業務在剔除融資、投資相關 收入、投資公平值變動、匯率影響、資本支 出及重大非現金相關虧損等因素後，仍能保 持整體盈利。

於二零二二年，隨著醫療改革不斷深化，醫 療行業推出了一系列政策，以解決供需矛盾， 並圍繞醫院高質量發展的戰略目標，涵蓋醫 院專科建設、醫療保險改革、醫療器械國產 化、醫療數字化、分級診療、集中採購、放 寬醫療資格並推廣民營醫療服務等方面。這 些措施將逐步縮小醫療資源的供需差距、提 高醫療保險資金的使用效率、體現醫療服務 價值及提升醫療科技能力。二零二三年是中 國市場向「後疫情」時代轉型的關鍵之年， 亦是醫藥衞生行業重塑、轉型及升級的重要 契機期。

隨著二零二二年年底放寬 COVID-19 管控措 施，本土經濟將於二零二三年因疫情限制及 邊境管制解除後流動性及活動增加而出現 反彈，這將有利於推動我們的業務運營。於 二零二三年，本集團將以疫情後的恢復計劃 為運營和執行的重點戰略，加強醫院和老年 醫療設施的升級工作。

未來，本集團將加強智慧醫院建設，完善互 聯網醫療服務，提升互聯網 + 醫療的特色， 並逐步擴大服務範圍，使患者在線諮詢及就 診更為便利順暢；推進國家╱省╱市「互聯 網 + 護理服務」的試點工作，探索發展互聯 網 + 健康諮詢服務，豐富服務內容，提高患 者滿意度。展望二零二三年，本集團將繼續 努力優化醫療服務及提升醫療服務業務的 運營效率。此外，本集團將發揮優勢，專注 主要業務，提高管理標準，並不斷加強與患 者、員工等利益相關者的關係。

陳旺枝 行政總裁

二零二三年三月三十一日

The Group's core operation as a whole remained profitable after excluding the impacts of financing, investment income, fair value changes of investments, exchange rate fluctuations, capital spending and exceptional non-cash losses. This is shown by its Adjusted EBITDA, which measures earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortisation and other items, dropping by 30.0% year-onyear to RMB215.8 million (2021: RMB308.1 million).

As medical reform progressed in 2022, the medical industry adopted a series of policies to address the supply-demand imbalance, aiming for high-quality hospital development. These policies included building hospital specialties, reforming medical insurance, localizing medical devices, digitizing medical services, implementing hierarchical diagnosis and treatment, conducting centralized procurement, easing medical qualifications and boosting private medical services. These measures will gradually reduce the shortage of medical resources, enhance the efficiency of medical insurance funds, reflect the value of medical services and improve medical technology capabilities. 2023 is a pivotal year for the Chinese market to enter the 'post-pandemic' era, and also a key opportunity for the medical and healthcare industry to reshape, transform and upgrade itself.

With COVID-19 controls easing in late 2022, the local economy is poised to bounce back in 2023 as mobility and activity resume after the lifting of pandemic restrictions and border controls, creating a favorable environment for our business operations. In 2023, the Group will stick to the strategy of focusing on operation and execution of our post-pandemic recovery plans, and intensify our efforts to upgrade our hospitals and elderly healthcare medical facilities.

In the future, the Group will continue to build smart hospitals, enhance our internet medical services, and highlight our internet + medical care features. We will also expand our service range to make online consultations and treatments more accessible and seamless for patients. We will advance the pilot work of 'Internet + Nursing service' at the national, provincial, and municipal levels, and develop internet + health consultation services to diversify our service offerings and increase patient satisfaction. By 2023, the Group will strive to optimize our medical services and boost our medical service business efficiency. Moreover, the Group will leverage our strengths to focus on our core businesses, raise our management standards, and continue to strengthen our ongoing relationships with our stakeholders, including both patients and employees.

Chen Wangzhi Chief Executive Officer

31 March 2023

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

## Business Overview for 2022

The year 2022 was a year filled with challenges; the uncertainties in the economic environment and emergencies, such as the resurging pandemic, posed challenges to our business development and operations. For the most of year 2022, the coronavirus disease 2019 ('COVID-19') pandemic continued and the operation of our hospitals and medical facilities have experienced a certain degree of business interruptions as the local healthcare administrative authorities have imposed strict controls on healthcare services. The mass COVID-19 testing and strict lockdowns in parts of Guangzhou and many other cities around China, in an effort to uphold zero-COVID policy, have resulted in substantial economic and social disruption. Isolated cases identified at our medical facilities have also resulted in temporary access restriction which in turn had an adverse impact on our operations. Patients generally avoided visiting medical institutions and pharmacies to minimize the risk of infection. In addition, the government's control over business activities have materially and adversely affected customer demand for our healthcare services.

Towards the end of year 2022, China announced relaxations of its COVID-19 controls and the intention of reopening of its borders in 2023. In December 2022, the government announced, people infected with COVID-19, including those who were asymptomatic or with minor symptoms, could isolate at home or in a dedicated facility. However, the relaxation had raised concerns of a potential wave of confirmed cases, which overwhelmed the country's medical system and resulted in disruptions to production and supply chains. The National Health Commission ('NHC') released multiple circulars to provide guidance on home quarantine and medical treatment processes for the COVID-19 confirmed cases. The NHC also released guidelines for hospitals to properly handle the potential surge of COVID-19 cases.

## 業務回顧和展望

二零二二年業務概覽

二零二二年是充滿挑戰的一年，經濟環境充 滿不確定性且疫情捲土重來等突發事件為 我們的業務發展及運營帶來挑戰。於二零 二二年的大部分時間，二零一九年新型冠狀 病毒病 （ 「 COVID-19 」 ） 疫情仍在持續，由於當 地醫療行政部門對醫療服務實施嚴格控制， 因此，我們的醫院及醫療設施的運營經歷一 定程度的業務中斷。為堅持新型冠狀病毒清 零政策，廣州部分地區以及中國周邊多個其 他城市進行的大規模 COVID-19 檢測及嚴格封 控措施，導致對經濟及社會帶來較大影響。 我們的醫療設施發現個別病例，亦導致實施 臨時出入限制，進而對我們的業務產生不利 影響。患者通常會避免前往醫療機構及藥店， 以將感染風險降至最低。此外，政府對商業 活動的管控令客戶對我們的醫療服務的需 求產生重大不利影響。

於二零二二年年底，中國宣佈放寬 COVID-19 管控措施，並擬於二零二三年恢復通關。二 零二二年十二月，政府宣佈， COVID-19 感染 者（包括無癥狀或屬輕癥人士）可居家隔離 或於專用設施進行隔離。然而，此放寬政策 引發人們對潛在確診病例浪潮導致國家的醫 療系統不堪重負以及影響生產及供應鏈的擔 憂。國家衛生健康委員會 （ 「國家衛健委」 ） 發 佈多份通知，對 COVID-19 確診病例的居家隔 離及醫療流程作出指引。國家衛健委亦發佈 指導意見，以便醫院妥善處理潛在 COVID-19 病例激增情況。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

The surge of confirmed cases towards the end of year 2022, the lack of resources for  COVID-19 treatment and the imbalance between supply and demand presented both threats and opportunities to our operations. The Chinese government had taken measures to shore up capacity, with increase in medical clinics and supplies for COVID-19 patients. The Chinese government required all primary and secondary-level hospitals to open fever clinics for COVID-19 patients. In addition, the government promoted the use of online medical services for COVID-19 patients in order to reduce peak demand and crowds at hospitals and clinics. The NHC also required medical institutions to provide 24-hour online consultation and medical guidance for patients, as well as appointment services.

In late December 2022, most provinces in China announced that employees in the public and private sectors tested positive for COVID-19 with no symptoms or mild symptoms were permitted to go to work as normal if their health situations permit. Hospitals were also calling for normal work of infected medical workers amid the surge of COVID-19 cases. It is considered as a remarkable turnaround for China considering the zero-COVID policy was still strictly implemented in November 2022. It is widely believed that the Chinese economy will start to improve after March 2023, after the first wave of COVID-19 case surge subsides. However, in the short term, the sudden pivot in COVID-19 policy and the surge in cases may continue to disrupt the supply chain and business operations. However, it is certain that the COVID-19 pandemic over the past three years has improved the public health awareness in China.

In 2022, the Group's consolidated revenue for the year amounted to RMB1,845.6 million (2021: RMB1,953.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.5%, mainly attributable to the decrease in revenue from our hospital services segment of 6.4% caused by the decrease in overall patient visits of our self-owned hospital operations. The decrease was partly offset by the increase in revenue from our rehabilitation and other healthcare services and elderly healthcare services segments, which recorded an increase in revenue of 10.1% and 1.8%, respectively.

Our hospital services segment has recorded a revenue for the year of RMB1,721.5 million (2021: RMB1,839.5 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.4%. Our Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital have both recorded a decrease in revenue of 8.0% and 4.2%, respectively. However, our Kangxin Hospital, has recorded an increase in revenue of 41.8% as compared with year 2021.

隨著二零二二年底確診病例激增、 COVID-19 治療資源短缺及供需失衡，我們的業務運營 既受到威脅亦面臨機遇。中國政府已採取措 施提升能力，並增設醫療門診及增加供應 COVID-19 患者的生活必需品。中國政府要求 所有一、二級醫院為 COVID-19 患者開設發熱 門診。此外，政府向 COVID-19 患者推廣使用 線上醫療服務，以減少醫院及門診的高峰需 求及擁擠情況。國家衛健委亦要求醫療機構 為患者提供 24 小時在線諮詢與醫療指導以 及預約服務。

於二零二二年十二月底，中國大多數省份宣 佈， COVID-19 檢測呈陽性的公營及私營界別 僱員如無癥狀或屬輕癥，於健康狀況允許的 情況下可正常上班。於 COVID-19 病例激增期 間，醫院亦呼籲感染的醫務人員正常工作。 對中國而言，此舉被認為是一個重要轉折點， 考慮到中國於二零二二年十一月仍然嚴格 實施新型冠狀病毒清零政策。人們普遍認為， 於第一波 COVID-19 病例激增得到控制後，中 國經濟將於二零二三年三月後開始好轉。然 而， COVID-19 政策突然轉向及病例激增於短 期內可能會繼續影響供應鏈及商業運營。然 而，可以肯定的是，過往三年的 COVID-19 疫 情提高了中國公眾的健康意識。

於二零二二年，本集團年內的綜合收入為 人民幣 1,845.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,953.9 百萬元） ，同比減少 5.5% ，此乃主要 由於我們的自有醫院業務的整體就診人次減 少導致我們的醫院服務部門的收入減少 6.4% 所致。有關減少被我們的康復及其他醫療服 務及老年醫療服務部門的收入增加所部分抵 銷，此兩個部門的收入分別錄得 10.1% 及 1.8% 的增長。

我們的醫院服務部門於年內錄得收入人民 幣 1,721.5 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 1,839.5 百萬元，同比減少 6.4% 。康華醫院及仁康醫 院均錄得收益分別減少 8.0% 及 4.2% 。然而， 我們的康心醫院錄得收入較二零二一年增 加 41.8% 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment, through our ownership of 57% equity interest in Anhui Hualin (Anhui Hualin directly and indirectly (through its wholly-owned subsidiaries) holds sponsor interests in the managed and controlled entities, certain of which are private non-enterprise entities in Anhui Province, the PRC), has recorded a revenue for the year of RMB111.7 million (2021: RMB101.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%. Our rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment mainly consist of our two major rehabilitation hospitals, namely, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu Hospital, Bengbu Renkang Hospital (a class I general hospital) and an out-patient centre (these hospitals and outpatient centre represent our rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services operation), and thirteen rehabilitation centres and one vocational training school (representing our rehabilitation centre services and other services operation). Revenue from our rehabilitation hospitals and other healthcare services operation increased by 30.0%, however, this is offset by a decrease in revenue from our rehabilitation centre services and other services of 3.4%. The overall increase in revenue was primarily due to improvement in the patient intake of our rehabilitation hospitals, the expansion of our rehabilitation centres network and increased collaboration with local Disabled Persons Federation as well as gradual recovery from the impact of the pandemic.

Our elderly healthcare services segment primarily represents the operation of Renkang Elderly Care Centre. Our comprehensive elderly healthcare centre with a capacity of 108 (2021: 108) elderly beds located inside Renkang Hospital aims to provide high-end quality elderly care services to local residents in Houjie Town, Dongguan City, the PRC. Our elderly healthcare services segment has recorded a revenue for the year of RMB12.5 million (2021: RMB12.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 1.8%, primarily due to the gradual maturity of the elderly centre operation since its official opening in 2019.

我們的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部（透過 我們擁有安徽樺霖 57% 的股本權益，安徽 樺霖直接及間接（透過其全資附屬公司）持 有受管理及控制實體的保薦人權益（部份為 中國安徽省的私營非企業實體）錄得年度收 益人民幣 111.7 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 101.5 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加 10.1% 。我們 的康復及其他相關醫療服務分部主要由兩 個主要康復醫院（即合肥康華康復醫院及合 肥金谷醫院） 、蚌埠仁康醫院 （一級綜合醫院） 及一個門診中心（該等醫院及門診中心指康 復醫院及其他醫療服務運營） 、十三間康復 中心及一間職業培訓學校（指我們的康復中 心服務及其他服務運營） 。我們來自康復醫 院及其他醫療服務運營的收益增加 30.0% ， 但被來自我們康復中心服務及其他服務收 益減少 3.4% 所抵銷。收入整體增加乃主要 由於我們的康復醫院收容患者的情況有所 改善，我們的康復中心網絡擴大且與當地殘 疾人聯合會的合作增加以及從疫情的影響 中逐漸恢復所致。

我們的老年醫療服務部門指主要仁康護理院 的運營。我們的綜合性護理院位於仁康醫院 內，可容納 108 張 （二零二一年： 108 張） 老年 床位，旨在為中國東莞市厚街鎮的當地居民 提供優質的高端老年護理服務。我們的老年 醫療服務部門於本年度錄得收入人民幣 12.5 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 12.2 百萬元） ， 同比增長 1.8% ，主要由於護理院自二零一九 年正式開業以來營運逐漸成熟所致。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

本集團於報告期間的綜合溢利為人民幣 27.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 66.9 百萬元） ； 同比減少 58.6% ，有關減少乃主要由於： (i) 於報告期間，康華醫院及仁康醫院的收益及 溢利減少，此乃主要受到一系列因素的影響， 包括住院及門診就診人次下降，以及因康華 醫院發現個別 COVID-19 病例導致業務中斷， 從而引致我們門診部臨時關閉； (ii) 儘管於報 告期間收入大幅增加，康心醫院仍持續虧 損經營；及 (iii) 報告期間整體經營利潤率由 18.1% 下降至 14.2% 。

本集團的經調整 EBITDA （經調整 EBITDA 為除 銀行及其他利息收入、融資成本、稅項、折 舊及攤銷、公平值收益╱ （虧損） 及按公平值 計入損益（ 「按公平值計入損益」 ）的金融資 產投資收入、匯兌收益╱ （虧損） 淨額及商譽 減值虧損前的盈利）按年計同比減少 30.0% 至人民幣 215.8 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 308.1 百萬元） ，表明本集團的核心業務於撇 除融資、投資相關收入、投資公平值變動、 匯率影響、資本支出及重大非現金相關虧損 後，整體保持盈利。

隨著二零二二年年底放寬 COVID-19 管控措 施，本土經濟將於二零二三年因疫情限制及 邊境管制解除後流動性及活動增加而出現 反彈，此將可能會推動我們的業務運營。於 二零二三年，本集團堅持以疫情後恢復計劃 的運營及執行作為重點的戰略，加大醫院及 老年醫療設施升級力度。

The Group's consolidated profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB27.7 million (2021: RMB66.9 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 58.6%; the decrease was mainly attributable to: (i) the decrease in revenue and profit recorded at Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital, which were primarily affected by a series of factors including the fall in number of inpatient and outpatient visits as well as business interruptions due to isolated COVID-19 cases identified within Kanghua Hospital that caused temporary closures of our outpatient department during the Reporting Period; (ii) Kangxin Hospital continued to operate at a loss, despite a significant increase in revenue, during the Reporting Period; and (iii) the drop in overall operating margin from 18.1% for to 14.2% for the Reporting Period.

The Group's Adjusted EBITDA (Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, finance costs, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain/(loss) and investment income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL'), net exchange gain/(loss) and impairment loss on goodwill) recorded a year-on-year decrease of 30.0% to RMB215.8 million (2021: RMB308.1 million), which indicates that the Group's core operation as a whole remained profitable, after eliminating the effects of financing, investmentrelated income, fair value changes of investments, effects of exchange rates, capital expenditures and extraordinary non-cash related losses.

With the relaxation of COVID-19 controls in late 2022, the local economy is set to rebound in year 2023 as mobility and activity pick up after the lifting of pandemic restrictions and border controls, providing a potential boost to our business operations. In 2023, the Group adhered to the strategy of focusing on operation and execution of our post-pandemic recovery plans, and extend our efforts to upgrade our hospitals and elderly healthcare medical facilities.

## Hospital Services

The Group's self-owned hospitals, namely, Kanghua Hospital (our approved Grade A Class III standard general hospital), Renkang Hospital (our general hospital operating based on Grade A Class II standard) and Kangxin Hospital (our private hospital specializing in cardiovascular discipline), represented our Group's hospital services segment. During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a drop in most of our key performance indicators. Our key operating performance indicators were as follows: (i) the total number of inpatient visits decreased to 63,053 (2021: 67,546), representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.7%; (ii) the overall average spending per inpatient visit amounted to RMB14,703.3 (2021: RMB15,983.7), representing a year-on-year decline of 8.0%; (iii) the overall bed utilisation rate declined to 62.2% (2021: 72.1%), primarily attributable to the decrease in number of inpatient visits; (iv) the average length of stay decreased to 6.6 days (2021: 7.1 days); (v) the total number of outpatient visits decreased to 1,456,072 (2021: 1,487,674), representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.1%; (vi) the overall average spending per outpatient visit amounted to RMB440.0 (2021: RMB414.6), representing a year-on-year increase of 6.1%; (vii) the total number of physical examination visits slightly increased to 174,143 (2021: 170,702), representing a year-on-year increase of 2.0%; and (viii) the total number of surgical operations decreased to 42,346 (2021: 46,647), representing a year-onyear decrease of 9.2%.

The table below sets forth certain key operational data of the Group's self-owned hospitals of the hospital services segment for the years indicated:

## 醫院服務

本集團自有的醫院，即康華醫院（我們獲批 准的三級甲等標準綜合醫院） 、仁康醫院 （我 們按二級甲等標準營運的綜合醫院）及康心 醫院（專攻心血管科的私立醫院）代表本集 團的醫院服務部門。於報告期間，本集團的 大多數主要業績指標均錄得跌幅。我們的 主要運營績效指標如下 (i) 住院人次總數減至 63,053 名（二零二一年： 67,546 名） ，按年計 同比減少 6.7% ； (ii) 每名住院病人的整體平均 支出為人民幣 14,703.3 元 （二零二一年：人民 幣 15,983.7 元） ，按年計同比下降 8.0% ； (iii) 主要因住院人次數目減少導致病床的整體 利用率下降至 62.2% （二零二一年： 72.1% ） ； (iv) 平均住院時間降至 6.6 天 （二零二一年： 7.1 天） ； (v) 門診人次總數下降至 1,456,072 名 （二 零二一年： 1,487,674 名） ，按年計同比減少 2.1% ； (vi) 每個門診病人的整體平均支出為人 民幣 440.0 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 414.6 元） ， 按年計同比增長 6.1% ； (vii) 體檢人次略增至 174,143 名（二零二一年： 170,702 名） ，按年 計同比增長 2.0% ；及 (viii) 外科手術總數減少 至 42,346 宗（二零二一年： 46,647 宗） ，按年 計同比減少 9.2% 。

下表載列本集團自有的醫院服務分部的醫 院於所示年度的若干主要營運數據：

## For the year ended 31 December

| 截至十二月三十一日止年度  Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Inpatient healthcare services  住院醫療服務  Inpatient visits  住院人次  -6.7%  63,053  67,546  Average length of stay (days)  平均住院日數 （天）  -0.5  6.6  7.1  Average spending per visit (RMB)  每人次平均開支 （人民幣元）  -8.0%  14,703.3  15,983.7  Outpatient healthcare services  門診醫療服務  Outpatient visits  門診人次  -2.1%  1,456,072  1,487,674  Average spending per visit (RMB)  每人次平均開支 （人民幣元）  +6.1%  440.0  414.6  Physical examination services  體檢服務  Physical examination visits  體檢人次  +2.0%  174,143  170,702  Average spending per visit (RMB)  每人次平均開支 （人民幣元）  +5.3%  882.5  838.1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Kanghua Hospital

In 2022, Kanghua Hospital's medical staff adhered to the hospital's mission of  'caring for the people and practicing medicine with integrity', and put the patients' needs and interests as top priority in their work. The medical teams faced the challenges of saving lives and healing the wounded with professionalism and dedication during the COVID-19 outbreak. As the pandemic prevention and control policies changed frequently, the hospital had to cope with many challenges, such as staff shortage, heavy workload and strict pandemic measures. However, under the guidance of the Board and the alignment with the hospital's fourth five-year development plan, all the departments and units of the hospital managed to overcome these obstacles and complete the annual missions.

During the Reporting Period, Kanghua Hospital recorded a revenue of RMB1,403.9 million (2021: RMB1,526.0 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.0%. Kanghua Hospital had 1,031,835 (2021: 1,091,737) outpatient and emergency outpatient visits, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.5% and 50,575 (2021: 53,115) discharged inpatient visits, a year-on-year decrease of 4.8%.

Kanghua Hospital continued to improve its management efficiency in 2022 by strengthening various mechanisms and ensuring that all management tasks followed clear and rational rules and principles. This provided a solid institutional foundation for standardizing and scientizing hospital management. The human resources department updated the KPI assessment system and criteria for the whole hospital, which helped each department to prioritize quality and safety management and to enhance the medical and service quality significantly. Kanghua Hospital also initiated the hospital classification re-evaluation work in 2022, applying the 'Class III Hospital Evaluation Standards (2022 Edition)' and its implementation rules. Kanghua Hospital has established a Class III Grade A re-evaluation working group, seven professional inspection groups, and internal audit teams for each specialty. It held meetings for the whole hospital and instructed each department to conduct evaluation work according to the relevant standards. The evaluation work focused on seven aspects: hospital management, medical management, medical service, medical safety, clinical outcome, technical level and continuous improvement. Kanghua Hospital aims to pass the Class III Grade A re-evaluation by the end of 2023.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

康華醫院

於二零二二年，康華醫院的醫務人員秉承醫 院 「蒼生為念，厚德載醫」 的使命，將患者需 求與利益作為工作的重中之重。醫療團隊於 COVID-19 疫情期間面臨著以專業的奉獻精神 拯救生命及治癒傷員的挑戰。隨著疫情防控 政策的頻繁變動，醫院不得不應對諸多挑戰， 如人員短缺、工作量大及嚴格的防疫措施。 然而，於董事會的指導下，結合醫院第四個 五年計劃，醫院所有部門及單位設法克服該 等障礙，完成年度任務。

於報告期間，康華醫院錄得收入人民幣 1,403.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,526.0 百萬元） ，按年計同比減少 8.0% 。康華醫院 門診及急診人次為 1,031,835 名 （二零二一年： 1,091,737 名） ，按年計同比減少 5.5% ；出院 人次為 50,575 名（二零二一年： 53,115 名） ， 按年計同比減少 4.8% 。

於二零二二年，康華醫院透過強化各項機制， 確保各項管理任務遵循明確合理的規章制 度及原則，持續提升管理效率。此為醫院管 理的規範化、科學化提供堅實的制度基礎。 人力資源部已更新全院的 KPI 考核制度及標 準，協助各科室優先重視質量安全管理及大 力提升醫療及服務質量。康華醫院亦於二零 二二年啟動醫院分級復估工作，應用《三級 醫院評審標準（ 2022 年版） 》 及其實施細則。 康華醫院已成立三級甲等復評工作組、七個 專業檢查組，且各專科均設有內部審計團隊。 召開全院會議，指導各科室按相關標準開展 評估工作。評估工作側重於醫院管理、醫療 管理、醫療服務、醫療安全、臨床結果、技 術水平及持續改進等七個方面。康華醫院的 目標是在二零二三年年底順利通過三級甲 等復評。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

In terms of information technology construction in 2022, Kanghua Hospital introduced the Diagnosis Related Groups (DRGs) hospital management system, the single-disease management system, and the venous thromboembolism (VTE) prevention management system to build an internal control information system, which effectively improved the hospital's management efficiency, enhanced the level of medical quality control, increased the utilization rate of internal control information, and improved the patient's medical experience. During the year, Kanghua Hospital upgraded its online electronic invoice, social security settlement, report and other functions, enhancing patient satisfaction. It applied information technology to improve the patient's medical experience, meeting the new model of online and offline integrated smart medical services before, during, and after diagnosis. Adopting the construction of electronic medical records with high standardization as the work focus, it accelerated the process of 'smart hospital', promoted digital transformation, continuously strengthened medical service supervision, and provided more convenient and high-quality smart medical services for patients. It strengthened the characteristics of Internet+Medical Care, reduced the workload of medical staff, met the patients' online needs in various aspects, and promoted Internet medical services.

In  2022, Kanghua Hospital strengthened the standardized management of  medical technology application. According to the requirements of the Implementation Rules for Clinical Application of Medical Technology in Guangdong Province, the management team timely completed and updated the filing of restricted technologies in Kanghua Hospital, urged the departments to report the relevant data of the restricted technologies that have been carried out regularly, and completed the filing of the national restricted technologies ECMO (extracorporeal membrane oxygenation) and allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation technology with the health department. At the same time, it visited and reviewed each department and each item for the provincial-level restricted technologies that have been carried out and planned to be updated, and preliminarily completed the tracking and updating of the provincial-level restricted technologies. According to the Measures for the Management of Clinical Application of Medical Technology, it revised the new technology and new project access system of Kanghua Hospital, reviewed each new technology and new project reported by the departments, strictly controlled the quality, and tracked and followed up the number of cases, medical quality and safety monitoring indicators of the new technologies and new projects that have been carried out, further ensuring medical safety and improving medical quality.

於二零二二年，於資訊科技建設方面，康華 醫院引入診斷相關分組 (DRGs) 醫院管理系統、 單病種管理系統、靜脈血栓栓塞症 (VTE) 預防 管理系統以構建內控資訊系統，此舉有效提 升醫院管理效率，提高醫療質控水平，提高 內控資訊利用率及改善患者就醫體驗。年內， 康華醫院已升級線上開具電子發票、社保結 算、上報等功能，提升患者滿意度。康華醫 院應用資訊技術改善患者的就醫體驗，滿足 診斷前、診斷中及診斷後線上線下一體化智 慧醫療服務的新模式。以建設高標準電子病 歷作為工作重點，加快 「智慧醫院」 進程，推 進數字化轉型，不斷加強醫療服務監管，為 患者提供更便捷的優質智慧醫療服務。強化 互聯網 + 醫療特色，減輕醫護人員工作量， 滿足患者多方面的線上需求，推動互聯網醫 療服務。

於二零二二年，康華醫院加強醫療技術應用 的標準化管理。管理團隊根據《廣東省醫療 技術臨床應用實施細則》的規定，及時完成 並更新康華醫院限制類技術的備案工作，督 促各部門上報定期實施限制類技術的相關 數據，並完成國家限制類技術體外膜肺氧合 (ECMO) 及異基因造血幹細胞移植技術向衛生 部門的備案工作。同時，針對已開展且計劃 更新的省級限制類技術對各部門、各項目進 行走訪複核，並已初步完成省級限制類技術 的跟蹤更新。根據《醫療技術臨床應用管理 辦法》 ，修訂康華醫院新技術及新項目準入 制度，對各部門上報的各項新技術、新項目 進行審核，嚴格把控質量，而對已開展的新 技術、新項目的病例數目、醫療質量及安全 監測指標進行跟蹤及跟進，進一步保障醫療 安全，提高醫療質量。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

於二零二三年，康華醫院繼續貫徹「三精管 理，從我做起」 戰略主題，對管理提出品質、 效率、服務要求。康華醫院以「等級醫院複 審」 、 「 JCI 輔導培訓及認證工作」 、 「中國非 公醫療機構協會國家行業評價續評」 為重點， 圍繞精細化管理、精準治療及真誠服務開展 工作，進一步創新工作思路，優化管理模式， 緊緊圍繞不斷加強醫院內涵建設的中心，團 結敬業，奮發進取。康華醫院將全面加大檢 查督導力度，規範診療行為，並樹立醫院良 好聲譽。康華醫院將嚴格執行醫保政策，加 強醫保精細化管理，提高醫保基金使用效率。 自二零二二年一月起，實施按病種分值付費 (DIP) 支付方式。新醫保政策取消醫院年度服 務量，增設輔助目錄庫，調整偏差病歷標準 等評分修正機制，而定點醫療機構面臨種種 新挑戰及機遇。同時，康華醫院將積極完善 智慧醫院建設，推進互聯網醫療服務。

In 2023, Kanghua Hospital continued to integrate the strategic theme of 'threeprecision management, starting from me', and further demanded quality, efficiency, and service from management. Adopting the 'hospital classification reevaluation', 'JCI coaching training and certification work', and 'national industry evaluation of the China Non-public Medical Institutions Association' as the focus, it had carried out work around fine management, precise treatment, and sincere service, further innovated the work ideas, optimized the management mode, and closely focused on the center of continuously strengthening the hospital's connotation construction, and worked hard to forge ahead with unity and dedication. Kanghua Hospital will comprehensively increase the inspection and supervision efforts, standardize the diagnosis and treatment behavior, and create a good reputation for the hospital. Kanghua Hospital will strictly implement the medical insurance policies, strengthen the fine management of medical insurance, and improve the efficiency of medical insurance fund use. Starting from January 2022, the Diagnosis-Intervention Packet (DIP) payment method was implemented. The new medical insurance policy canceled the annual service volume of the hospital and added the auxiliary catalog library, adjusted the deviation medical record standard and other score correction mechanisms, and the designated medical institutions faced new challenges and opportunities. At the same time, Kanghua Hospital will actively improve the construction of smart hospital and promote Internet medical services.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Renkang Hospital

In 2022, Renkang Hospital persevered in fighting the pandemic, striving for the Class II accreditation, and carrying out daily diagnosis and treatment at the same time. While implementing normalized pandemic prevention and control, Renkang Hospital followed the working principle of 'promoting construction and improvement through evaluation, advancing evaluation and construction simultaneously, and focusing on integrity', and vigorously promoted the Class II accreditation work, constantly improved the medical quality control, enhanced the diagnosis and treatment service level, and ensured medical safety. Striving for the Class II accreditation was the top priority of Renkang Hospital's work in 2022, and all the staff actively participated in the accreditation evaluation work. The hospital, according to the latest requirements of the Dongguan Municipal Health Commission, reorganized the clauses, revised the evaluation working group, and in accordance with the requirements of the Municipal Hospital Association, aims to pass the Class II accreditation evaluation by the end of 2023.

During the Reporting Period, Renkang Hospital recorded a revenue of RMB263.9 million (2021: RMB275.6 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.2%. Renkang Hospital had 394,190 (2021: 373,384) outpatient and emergency outpatient visits, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.6%, and 10,442 (2021: 12,746) discharged inpatient visits, a year-on-year decrease of 18.1%.

In 2022, Renkang Hospital had received several government requests and promptly formulated and implemented inspection plans in accordance with the relevant requirements and the operating circumstances of the hospital, and from time to time carried out self-inspection, supervision and summary analysis according to the implementation plans. Renkang Hospital had paid close attention to medical quality control, improved the level of medical technology, introduced quality control leaders in scientific disciplines, clarified job responsibilities and improved the organizational structure, established and improved the hospital's medical service capacity and quality safety monitoring data management system, strengthened departmental quality control management such as single disease management and clinical pathway management, promoted the application of

仁康醫院

於二零二二年，仁康醫院堅持抗擊疫情，爭 取二級資質及同步開展日常診療。仁康醫院 在實施常態化疫情防控的同時，遵從「以評 促建、以評促改、評建並舉、重在內涵」的 工作原則，大力推進二級資質認定工作，不 斷提升醫療質量控制，提升診療服務水平， 保障醫療安全。爭取二級資質認定是仁康醫 院二零二二年工作的重中之重，全體員工積 極參與資質認定評審工作。醫院根據東莞市 衛生健康局的最新要求，重新梳理條款，修 改評審工作組，並按照市醫院協會的要求旨 在二零二三年底前通過二級資質評審。

於報告期間，仁康醫院錄得收益人民幣 263.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 275.6 百 萬元） ，按年計同比減少 4.2% 。仁康醫院的 門診及急診人次為 394,190 名 （二零二一年： 373,384 名） ，按年計同比增長 5.6% ，而出院 人次為 10,442 名（二零二一年： 12,746 名） ， 按年計同比下降 18.1% 。

於二零二二年，仁康醫院曾多次接獲政府通 知，並根據相關要求及醫院經營情況及時制 定和實施檢查方案，且根據實施計劃不定期 開展自查、督導及總結分析。仁康醫院狠抓 醫療質量控制，提升醫療技術水平，引進科 學學科質量控制帶頭人，明確崗位職責並完 善組織架構，建立健全醫院醫療服務能力和 質量安全監測數據管理制度，加強單病種管 理、臨床路徑管理等科室質控管理，推進質 控制度應用及規範病歷書寫，並提高醫療質 量水平。年內，仁康醫院推進 「創傷中心」 建

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

設，在康華醫院指導下率先實施 ECMO 技術， 不斷提升醫院急救和重症監護能力及多科 室協作能力，確保醫療質量與安全。在醫務 人員培訓方面，仁康醫院修訂了核心醫療制 度，加強醫務人員的培訓、教育及考核，病 歷書寫嚴肅性和病歷質量控制；臨界值處理 及時性；諮詢的及時性及有效性；疑難病例 討論規範化；進一步持續完善大手術審批等 關鍵環節，確保核心醫療質量及安全制度有 效實施，大力提升醫療服務能力。

quality control system and standardized medical record writing, and improved the level of medical quality. During the year, Renkang Hospital moved forward with the 'Trauma Center' construction, implemented the first ECMO technology under the guidance of Kanghua Hospital, continuously improved the hospital's emergency and critical care capability and multidisciplinary collaboration, and ensured medical quality and safety. In terms of medical staff training, Renkang Hospital revised the core medical system, strengthened the training, education and assessment of medical staff, the seriousness of medical record writing and medical record quality control; the timeliness of critical value handling; the timeliness and effectiveness of consultation; the standardization of difficult case discussion; the approval process of major surgery and other key links were further continuously improved, ensuring the effective implementation of the core medical quality and safety system, and vigorously improving the medical service capability.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

During the year, Renkang Hospital increased the construction of informatization, equipment and facilities, and improved the quality of management. The hospital invested more in the information system construction, such as HIS server, information disaster recovery room, electronic medical record quality control and clinical pathway, DRGs system, etc., with an increase of 60% in spending as compared with 2021. In 2022, the hospital introduced endoscopic photography system and energy platform, mobile flat-panel C-arm X-ray machine, electronic endoscope, X-ray machine, hemodialysis filtration device and other equipment, which significantly upgraded the hospital's service capabilities.

In  2023,  Renkang Hospital will strengthen the medium and long-term development vision and strategic goals, and focus on creating the 'reputable hospital, reputable departments, reputable doctors' construction with refined management, precise medical care and sincere service. In order to better implement the strategy of 'focusing on integrity and building reputation', the hospital staff will work together to promote the hospital's 'safety, quality, service, management and performance' to the next level.

## Kangxin Hospital

In 2022, Kangxin Hospital adhered to the patient-centered principle, vigorously developed its talent team, and continuously expanded its business scope. Facing the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, all staff of Kangxin Hospital courageously took on the responsibility, rose to the challenge, actively responded to the government's call, and effectively carried out various anti-pandemic and prevention work. At the same time, in light of the obstacles  encountered in the hospital's development, the hospital comprehensively analyzed the market situation, strengthened its operation, gradually developed smaller comprehensive disciplines on the back of a solid foundation of major disciplines, further improved its service awareness, and focused on medical quality and safety development, achieving decent social and economic benefits, and taking the hospital's comprehensive development to the next level.

In 2022, the operational performance of Kangxin Hospital had significantly improved and recorded a rise in the number of outpatient, inpatient and physical examination visits. Although still operating at loss, during the Reporting Period, Kangxin Hospital has recorded a revenue of RMB53.6 million (2021: RMB37.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 41.8%. Kangxin Hospital had 30,047 (2021: 22,553) outpatient and emergency outpatient visits, a year-on-year increase of 33.2%, and 2,036 (2021: 1,685) discharged inpatient visits, a yearon-year increase of 20.8%; completed 76 cases of various cardiac operations, with a success rate of 98.7%; and conducted 694 interventional surgeries with an increase of 56.3% over 2021. The heart function room has completed 16,747 examinations of various types, an increase of 40% over 2021.

年內，仁康醫院加大信息化建設及設備設施 建設，提升管理質量。醫院在 HIS 服務器、 信息災備機房、電子病歷質控及臨床路徑、 DRGs 系統等信息化系統建設上的投入較二 零二一年增加 60% 。二零二二年，醫院引進 內窺鏡攝影系統以及能量平台、移動式平板 C 型臂 X 射線機、電子內窺鏡、 X 射線機、血 透析濾過裝置等設備，顯著提升了醫院的服 務能力。

於二零二三年，仁康醫院將強化中長期發展 願景及戰略目標，著力打造「名院、名科、 名醫」建設，落實精細化管理、精準醫療及 真誠服務。為更好地實施 「重內涵、樹口碑」 戰略，全院上下齊心協力，全力推進醫院將 「安全、品質、服務、管理、績效」 邁向新台階。

康心醫院

於二零二二年，康心醫院堅持以患者為中心 的原則，大力發展人才隊伍，不斷擴大業務 範圍。面對 COVID-19 疫情的嚴峻影響，康心 醫院全體員工勇於擔當，迎難而上，積極響 應政府號召，切實開展各項抗疫預防工作。 同時，針對醫院發展中遇到的問題，醫院綜 合分析市場形勢，加強經營，在務實主要科 室基礎的前提下，逐步發展規模較小的綜合 科室，進一步提高服務意識，以醫療質量及 安全建設為重點，實現可觀的社會效益及經 濟效益，使醫院綜合發展邁上新台階。

於二零二二年，康心醫院的經營業績顯著 改善，門診、住院及體檢人數均有所增長。 儘管康心醫院仍處於虧損狀態，但於報告 期間錄得收益人民幣 53.6 百萬元（二零二一 年：人民幣 37.8 百萬元） ，按年計同比增長 41.8% 。康心醫院門急診人次為 30,047 名 （二 零二一年： 22,553 名），按年計同比增長 33.2% ，出院人次為 2,036 名（二零二一年： 1,685 名） ，按年計同比增長 20.8% ；完成各 類心臟手術 76 例，成功率 98.7% ；及實施介 入手術 694 例，較二零二一年增長 56.3% 。 心功能室完成各類檢查 16,747 例，較二零 二一年增長 40% 。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

於二零二二年五月，康心醫院與銀山資本訂 立管理安排（進一步詳情載於本公司日期為 二零二二年五月二十三日的公告） ，據此， 銀山資本已承擔康心醫院的日常運營管理 工作，並與德國醫療集團 Artemed 建立醫療 合作。管理安排將利用銀山資本的網絡、資 源及醫療保健能力以改善及優化康心醫院 的運營。董事會認為，管理安排乃利用銀山 資本的網絡及資源在更短的時限內提升及 優化康心醫院的運營並將本集團可能因康 心醫院而招致的進一步損失降至最低的良 機。二零二二年六月開始的管理安排已向康 心醫院引進國際醫院的管理經驗及心血管 領域的國際化醫學專家團隊，因而加快了醫 院的規範化進程。

In May 2022, Kangxin Hospital entered into the management arrangements with Silver Mountain (further details as set out in the Company's announcement dated 23 May 2022), pursuant to which Silver Mountain has assumed management of the day-to-day operations of Kangxin Hospital and established a medical cooperation with a German medical group - 'Artemed'. The management arrangements will leverage the network, resources and healthcare capability of Silver Mountain to improve and optimize the operations of Kangxin Hospital. The Board considers the management arrangements a good opportunity to leverage Silver Mountain's network and resources to ramp up and optimize the operations of Kangxin Hospital in a shorter timeframe, and minimize further loss the Group may incur in connection with Kangxin Hospital. The management arrangements, which commenced in June 2022, has introduced to Kangxin Hospital management experience of international hospitals and an international team of medical experts in the cardiovascular field, thus accelerating the standardization of the hospital.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

In 2022, Kangxin Hospital continued to strengthen the organizational leadership of medical quality and safety management, and established a hospital-level medical quality control committee chaired by the hospital president, which was mainly responsible for the establishment of the medical quality control management system, the approval of work plans, and the decision of major issues arising from medical quality control. At the department level, there were medical quality control groups composed of department heads, deputy heads, and head nurses, which were responsible for the medical quality control work within their responsible areas. Each medical staff member acted as the first quality controller of their work and was accountable for their own work. This system built a quality control system covering all levels from the frontline to the leadership, which is conducive to improving the quality management of prevention, control, and improvement before, during, and after the processes, ensuring that there are responsible personnel for each juncture, and that each quality requirement was implemented.

According to the hospital's development plans, Kangxin Hospital timely revised and organized training for relevant systems, organized several special training sessions on the knowledge of the 120-emergency system, formulated the fever clinic system and process, improved the outpatient quality control, medical dispute handling process, and doctor consultation and other systems. It  strengthened the management of anesthetic drugs and psychotropic drugs, and revised various management systems for anesthetic and psychotropic drugs. Kangxin Hospital continued to develop new technologies and projects, having applied for three new technologies and projects this year. The ultrasound department and the anesthesia department cooperated to carry out painless transesophageal echocardiography, and pioneered in Chongqing to carry out transesophageal echocardiography combined with right heart acoustic contrast, which improved the diagnostic accuracy of patients with congenital heart disease.

Kangxin Hospital also strengthened cooperation and exchange during the year, laying the foundation for the hospital's sustainable development, deepening the cooperation with the Heart Alliance, and strengthening international cooperation. This year, the cardiology system held an academic forum, namely the Chongqing Kangxin Hospital Cardiovascular Disease Forum, and invited local and international experts to participate, which was a huge success. At the same time, it carried out 'hypertension+whole-process pharmaceutical care', which promoted home pharmaceutical services and innovated pharmaceutical service models by following the concept of whole-process management inside and outside the hospital, exploring new chargeable service models, and gradually promoting VIP annual card services, family pharmacist, family nursing and other family health management services. It created a PCCM (Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine) cough and asthma pharmaceutical clinic (CWPC project), completed the project acceptance, and obtained the PCCM cough and asthma pharmaceutical clinic certificate. It ensured the quality and quantity of the evaluation indicators and monitored the medical quality throughout the process. The laboratory participated in the inter-laboratory quality assessment of the NHC's Clinical Laboratory Center and the Chongqing Clinical Laboratory Center in 2022, including clinical biochemistry, immunology, hematology, and blood bank testing. All quality control scores were excellent, and it once again achieved the relevant industry standards at the national and provincial/municipal levels with excellent results.

於二零二二年，康心醫院繼續加強醫療質量 安全管理的組織領導，成立了以院長為主任 委員的院級醫療質量控制委員會，主要負責 醫療質量控制管理制度的建設、工作計劃審 批及醫療質量控制相關重大問題的決策。在 科室層級上，設有醫療質量控制小組，由科 室主任、副主任及護士長組成，負責其職責 範圍內的醫療質量控制工作。每名醫護人員 均為其工作的第一質量控制員，對自身的工 作負責。該制度構建了從一線到領導層層覆 蓋的質量控制制度，有利於完善流程前、流 程中及流程後在預防、控制及改善方面提升 質量管理，確保每個環節設有責任人，並確 保實施各個質量要求。

康心醫院根據醫院發展規劃及時修訂及組 織相關制度培訓，多次組織 120 急救系統知 識專題培訓，制定發熱門診制度和流程，完 善門診質量控制、醫療糾紛處理流程、醫生 諮詢等制度。康心醫院加強麻醉藥品和精神 藥品管理，修訂麻醉藥品和精神藥品各項管 理制度。康心醫院不斷開發新技術及新項目， 今年已申請了三項新技術及項目。超聲科與 麻醉科合作開展無痛經食道超聲心動圖檢 查，在重慶率先開展經食道超聲聯合右心聲 學造影，提高了先心病患者的診斷準確率。

年內，康心醫院亦加強合作交流，為醫院的 可持續發展奠定了基礎，深化與心臟聯盟的 合作，並加強了國際合作。今年，心血管系 統舉辦了學術論壇，即重慶康心醫院心血管 病論壇，邀請國內外專家參與，取得了巨大 成功。同時，康心醫院開展「高血壓 + 全流 程藥學監護」 ，秉持院內外全流程管理理念， 探索收費服務新模式並逐步推廣 VIP 年卡服 務、家庭藥師、家庭護理等家庭健康管理服 務，藉此推廣居家藥學服務及創新藥學服務 模式。其創立了 PCCM （呼吸與危重症醫學科） 咳喘藥學門診 （ CWPC 項目） ，完成項目驗收， 並取得 PCCM 咳喘藥學門診證書。其對評價 指標進行保質保量，全程監控醫療質量。實 驗室參加了二零二二年國家衛健委臨檢中 心及重慶市臨檢中心的實驗室間質量評價， 包括臨床生化、免疫學、血液學及血庫檢測。 各項質控成績優秀，以優異成績再次達到國 家及省市級相關行業標準。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

於二零二三年，康心醫院將圍繞「優化診療 合作，提高技術水準，強化人才培養，推進 醫院建設，嚴格各項管理」的工作思路，提 高醫院知名度，進一步提升醫療技術水平， 完善醫院組織架構，嚴控各種風險隱患，發 奮為雄，採取強有力措施，因勢利導，紮實 工作，努力實現醫院的「社會效益及經濟效 益」 ，為醫院的發展開創新局面。

下表載列於所示年度按醫院服務分部的醫 學專科劃分的收益貢獻：

## For the year ended 31 December 截至十二月三十一日止年度

| Healthcare disciplines  醫學專科  Change  變動  2022  二零二二年  % of  revenue of  the Group's  owned  hospitals  分佔本集團  擁有醫院的  收益百分比  2021  二零二一年  % of  revenue of  the Group's  owned  hospitals  分佔本集團  擁有醫院的  收益百分比  RMB'000  人民幣千元  RMB'000  人民幣千元  O&amp;G related disciplines  (  婦產科有關科室  )  婦產科有關科室  -12.9%  230,402  13.4  264,436  14.4  Cardiovascular related disciplines  (  心血管有關科室  )  心血管有關科室  +0.9%  206,477  12.0  204,550  11.1  Internal medicine related disciplines  (  內科有關科室  )  內科有關科室  -8.0%  193,127  11.2  209,894  11.4  General surgery related disciplines  (  普通外科有關科室  )  普通外科有關科室  -9.7%  120,944  7.0  133,923  7.3  Neurology related disciplines  (  神經醫學有關科室  )  神經醫學有關科室  -5.4%  117,593  6.8  124,301  6.8  Orthopaedics related disciplines  (  骨科有關科室  )  骨科有關科室  -17.7%  87,888  5.1  106,851  5.8  Emergency medicine related disciplines  (  急診有關科室  )  急診有關科室  -21.6%  87,094  5.1  111,153  6.0  Oncology related disciplines  (  腫瘤科有關科室  )  腫瘤科有關科室  -2.9%  66,198  3.8  68,189  3.7  Nephrology related disciplines  (  腎臟科有關科室  )  腎臟科有關科室  +4.4%  65,335  3.8  62,574  3.4  Medical aesthetic related disciplines  (  醫學美容有關科室  )  醫學美容有關科室  -19.8%  42,725  2.5  53,283  2.9  Paediatrics related disciplines  (  兒童醫學有關科室  )  兒童醫學有關科室  -17.5%  35,128  2.0  42,581  2.3  Physical examination  (  體檢科  )  體檢科  +7.4%  153,678  8.9  143,068  7.8  Other disciplines  (  其他臨床科室  )  其他臨床科室  +0.1%  314,873  18.3  314,672  17.1  Total  總計  1,721,462  100.0  1,839,475  100.0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2023, Kangxin Hospital will focus on the work idea of 'optimizing clinical cooperation, improving technical level, strengthening talent cultivation, promoting hospital construction, and strictly managing various aspects', improve the hospital's reputation, further enhance the medical technical level, improve the hospital's organizational structure, strictly control various potential risks, and with greater determination and stronger measures, act in accordance with the situation, work solidly, and strive to achieve the 'social and economic benefits' of the hospital, and create a new horizon for the hospital's development.

The table below sets forth the revenue contribution by healthcare disciplines of our hospital services segment for the years indicated:

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

Note: The Group's healthcare disciplines can generally be classified into clinical disciplines and medical technology disciplines. Medical technology disciplines provide diagnostic and treatment support according to the requirements of clinical disciplines from time to time. Revenue derived from services delivered through medical technology disciplines is generally recognised in the relevant clinical disciplines that utilised such services.

In 2022, the Group performed a total of 42,346 surgeries (2021: 46,647), including 16,107 surgeries (2021: 13,687) with level 3 or level 4 complexities. The decrease is primarily attributable to a drop in the overall number of patient visits, which was partly caused by the temporary closures of our medical facilities at Kanghua Hospital during the Reporting Period.

O&amp;G related disciplines, cardiovascular related disciplines, internal medicine related disciplines, general surgery related disciplines and neurology related disciplines were the top five revenue-generating disciplines from the Group's hospital services segment for both years, accounting for approximately 50.4% of the Group's revenue from the hospital services segment (2021: 51.0%).

During the Reporting Period, although our O&amp;G related disciplines remained our largest medical discipline, it recorded a year-on-year decrease in revenue of  12.9%. Our cardiovascular related disciplines recorded an increase in revenue of 0.9%, mainly caused by the improvement in performance of Kangxin Hospital. Revenue from orthopaedics related disciplines, emergency medicine related disciplines, medical aesthetic related disciplines and paediatrics related disciplines have recorded a considerable drop of 17.7%, 21.6%, 19.8% and 17.5%, respectively, primarily attributable to the fall in the number of patient visits during the temporary closures of Kanghua Hospital during Reporting Period.

## VIP Special Services

The Group's special services are high-end healthcare services that extend beyond basic medical services and are specifically catered for more affluent patients who are willing to pay a premium for higher quality and customised services that are not generally available in public hospitals. The Group's special services consist of VIP healthcare services, reproductive medicine, plastic and aesthetic surgery and laser treatment. In 2022, the total revenue derived from special services amounted to RMB156.1 million (2021: RMB173.6 million), representing a year-onyear decrease of 10.1%.

附註：

本集團的醫學專科一般可分為臨床專 科和醫療技術專科。醫療技術專科根 據臨床專科的要求不時提供診斷和治 療支援。通過醫療技術專科提供服務 產生的收益通常在使用這些服務的相 關臨床專科中確認。

於二零二二年，本集團已施行合共 42,346 例 （二零二一年： 46,647 例）手術，包括 16,107 例（二零二一年： 13,687 例）三、四級複雜手 術。該減少主要是由於該減少主要歸因於整 體患者就診次數減少，部分由於報告期間康 華醫院的醫療設施臨時關閉所致。

婦產科有關科室、心血管科有關科室、內科 有關科室、普通外科有關科室及神經醫學有 關科室為該兩個年度本集團醫院服務分部 產生收益的五大專科，佔本集團來自醫院 服務分部的總收益約 50.4% （二零二一年： 51.0% ） 。

於報告期間，儘管婦產科有關科室仍然為 我們最大的醫學專科，錄得收益同比下降 12.9% 。心血管有關科室的收益增長 0.9% ， 主要由於康心醫院的表現改善所致。骨科有 關科室、急診有關科室、醫學美容有關科室、 兒童醫學有關科室所得收益分別錄得大幅 下跌 17.7% 、 21.6% 、 19.8% 及 17.5% ，主要歸 因於報告期間康華醫院臨時關閉期間患者 就診人數下降。

VIP 特殊服務

本集團的特殊服務是超出基本醫療服務的 高端化醫療服務，主要針對高收入患者，彼 等願意為普通公立醫院難以提供的高品質 及定制化服務支付額外費用。本集團的特殊 服務包括貴賓醫療服務、生殖醫學、整形及 美容手術及激光治療。於二零二二年，來自 特殊服務的總收益為人民幣 156.1 百萬元（二 零二一年：人民幣 173.6 百萬元） ，同比減少 10.1% 。

<!-- image -->

The table below sets forth the revenue contribution for the Group's special services for the years indicated:

下表列出本集團特殊服務於所示年度的收 益貢獻：

| For the year ended 31 December  截至十二月三十一日止年度  Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  VIP healthcare services  貴賓醫療服務  -13.5%  86,932  100,467  Reproductive medicine  生殖醫學  -3.8%  45,133  46,900  Laser treatment  激光治療  -8.4%  19,840  21,659  Plastic and aesthetic surgery  整形美容外科  -9.4%  4,159  4,591  Total revenue from special services  特殊服務的總收益  156,064  173,617   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The operation of our VIP healthcare services was adversely affected by the impact of the pandemic in year 2022, whilst the number of VIP inpatient and outpatient visits has decreased as compared with last year. The demand for our service offerings from Huaxin Building (a complex in Kanghua Hospital dedicated to VIP healthcare services) has dopped mainly caused by the occasional access restrictions at Kanghua Hospital and lockdown during the year. Our revenue from VIP healthcare services (included VIP inpatient and outpatient services and VIP O&amp;G services) recorded RMB86.9 million (2021: RMB100.5 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 13.5%.

## Rehabilitation and other Healthcare Services

During the Reporting Period, the Group's rehabilitation and other related healthcare services segment, through its ownership of 57% equity interest in Anhui Hualin, recorded a revenue of RMB111.7 million (2021: RMB101.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%. Anhui Hualin directly and indirectly (through its wholly-owned subsidiaries) holds sponsor interests in the managed and controlled entities, certain of which are private non-enterprise entities in Anhui Province, the PRC. At 31 December 2022, it mainly operates two rehabilitation hospitals, a general hospital, an outpatient centre, thirteen rehabilitation centres and one vocational training school.

於二零二二年大部分時候，我們貴賓醫療服 務業務受到疫情的不利影響，而貴賓住院及 門診人次較去年有所減少。華心樓（康華醫 院專門用於貴賓醫療服務的綜合大樓）對我 們提供服務的需求下降，主要是由於年內康 華醫院不時的訪問限制及封控所致。貴賓醫 療服務（包括貴賓住院及門診服務以及貴賓 婦產科服務） 的收益為人民幣 86.9 百萬元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 100.5 百萬元） ，同比下降 13.5% 。

## 康復及其他醫療服務

於報告期間，本集團的康復及其他相關醫療 服務分部（透過其擁有安徽樺霖 57% 的股本 權益） 錄得收益人民幣 111.7 百萬元 （二零二一 年：人民幣 101.5 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加 10.1% 。安徽樺霖透過其全資附屬公司直接 及間接在中國安徽省若干私營非企業實體 於管理及受控制實體中持有保薦人權益。於 二零二二年十二月三十一日，其主要運營兩 間康復醫院、一間綜合醫院、一個門診中心、 十三間康復中心及一間職業培訓學校。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

Anhui Hualin Group currently employs more than 950 (2021: 840) staff and has a stable cooperation with the Anhui Disabled Persons Federation ( 安徽省殘疾 人聯合會 )  and local governments in the provision of training services for the disabled. The Anhui Hualin Group is also a major organisation offering children rehabilitation services in Auhui Province, the PRC. Our two major rehabilitation hospitals operated by Anhui Hualin Group, namely, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu Hospital, have a total of 200 (2021: 200) registered beds. During the Reporting Period, the two rehabilitation hospitals had 30,688 (2021: 28,761) outpatient visits and 2,380 (2021: 2,255) inpatient visits.

In 2022, revenue from rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services has recorded a year-on-year increase of 30.0% to RMB53.1 million (2021: RMB40.8 million) mainly caused by the significant growth in rehabilitation patient visits at Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital as the operation gradually matures since its official opening in 2018. Revenue from rehabilitation centres services and other services (in particular our children rehabilitation operations) has recorded a slight year-on-year decrease of 3.4% to RMB58.6 million (2021: RMB60.7 million).

安徽樺霖集團目前擁有 950 （二零二一年： 840 ）多名員工，且與安徽省殘疾人聯合會 及當地政府在向殘疾人提供培訓服務方面 有著穩定的合作關係。安徽樺霖集團亦為中 國安徽省提供兒童康復服務的主要機構。安 徽樺霖集團經營的兩間主要康復醫院（即合 肥康華康復醫院及合肥金谷醫院）共有 200 張（二零二一年： 200 張）註冊床位。於報告 期間，兩間康復醫院的門診人次及住院人次 分別有 30,688 名（二零二一年： 28,761 名）及 2,380 名 （二零二一年： 2,255 ） 名。

於二零二二年，康復醫院及其他醫療服務收 入錄得按年計同比增加 30.0% 至人民幣 53.1 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 40.8 百萬元） ， 主要是由於自二零一八年正式開業以來，隨 著業務逐步成熟，合肥康華康復醫院的康復 患者就診人次大幅增長所致。康復中心服務 及其他服務（尤其是我們的兒童康復業務） 的收入錄得按年計同比輕微減少 3.4% 至人 民幣 58.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 60.7 百萬元） 。

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

For the most of 2022, due to the overall requirements of regional pandemic prevention and control, the admission of patients to Hefei Jingu Hospital and Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital was significantly restricted. During 2022, the 13 children's rehabilitation centers were affected to varying degrees as a result of the pandemic prevention and control requirements of the Anhui Provincial Disabled Persons' Federation. There were at least four instances of school suspension, with the longest one lasting for 71 days. However, even under the impact of the pandemic, the business still showed resilience, with each rehabilitation center and hospital achieving different degrees of growth. Among them, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital had the highest growth rate of business income. Both rehabilitation hospitals had relatively large increases in outpatient and inpatient volumes, due to factors such as the enhancement of hospital brand influence, team cooperation, patient satisfaction, and the further improvement of transportation facilities and the increase in number of surrounding residents.

In 2022, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital and Hefei Jingu Hospital were awarded the '2021 Hefei Advanced Units in Respect for the Elderly Activities' in appreciation for their efforts of enrichment in the cultural life of the elderly and promotion of various forms of old-age filial piety for the elderly in the region. In 2022, Anhui Hualin Group continued to deploy its resources in promoting the Kanghua rehabilitation brand name in the Hefei region and participate in numerous social and charity activities.

In January 2022, Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital passed the expert group review and renewed various ISO certifications, including quality management system certification, occupational health and safety management system certification, and environmental management system certification. In September 2022, Hefei Jingu Hospital successfully passed the special inspection of private hospitals in Hefei. The development of the rehabilitation sector expanded further in 2022, according to the planning and layout of the children's rehabilitation business, and won the bids for the rehabilitation centers of Hanshan County in Ma'anshan City and Mingguang City in Chuzhou City in July and August respectively, expanding the children's rehabilitation business to 13 rehabilitation centers in five regions of Anhui Province.

In  2023, Anhui Hualin Group adhered to the 'rehabilitation' principle and followed the 'differentiated' development approach. While ensuring the stability of the existing rehabilitation business, it formed an innovation team, developed new projects, and ensured that the rehabilitation projects of Anhui Hualin Group always maintained technological advancement and industry leadership. It continued to strengthen the development of standards, constantly improved the management system, refined the Kanghua Smart Rehabilitation System, enhanced the internal inspection management, and provided guidance and teaching, making all personnel and institutions pay attention to the development of standards with a view to ensuring safety and sustainability.

於二零二二年大部分時間，由於區域疫情防 控的總體規定，合肥金谷醫院及合肥康華康 復醫院的病人收治嚴重受限。二零二二年， 安徽省殘疾人聯合會的疫情防控規定導致 13 家兒童康復中心受到不同程度的影響。學校 至少有四次停課，其中最長的一次停課持續 71 天。然而，即使受疫情的影響，該業務仍 出現反彈，各康復中心及醫院均實現不同程 度的增長。其中，合肥康華康復醫院的營業 收入增速最高。由於醫院品牌影響力、團隊 合作及患者滿意度的提高，以及交通設施進 一步改善及周邊居民數量的增加等因素，兩 家康復醫院的門診及住院人次增幅較大。

於二零二二年，合肥康華康復醫院及合肥金 谷醫院獲評「 2021 年合肥市敬老月活動先進 單位」以表彰其於豐富老年人文化生活及促 進全區多種形式的養老孝道方面所做的努 力。於二零二二年，安徽樺霖集團繼續調配 資源，以在合肥地區推廣康華康復品牌並參 與眾多社會及慈善活動。

於二零二二年一月，合肥康華康復醫院通過 專家組評審並換發各項 ISO 認證，包括質量 管理體系認證、職業健康及安全管理體系認 證及環境管理體系認證。二零二二年九月， 合肥金谷醫院順利通過合肥市民營醫院的 專項檢查。二零二二年，根據兒童康復業務 的規劃及佈局，康復領域的發展進一步擴大， 並於七月及八月分別中標馬鞍山市含山縣 康復中心及滁州市明光市康復中心，將兒童 康復業務擴展至安徽省五個地區的 13 個康 復中心。

於二零二三年，安徽樺霖集團秉承「康復」 原則並堅持「差異化」發展方針。在確保現 有康復業務穩定的同時，組建創新團隊，開 發新項目並確保安徽樺霖集團的康復項目 始終保持技術領先及及行業領先。安徽樺霖 集團持續加強標準建設、不斷完善管理體系、 精進康華智慧康復系統，加強內部檢驗管理， 並提供指導及教學，使所有人員及機構均重 視標準建設，以確保安全及可持續發展。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Elderly Healthcare Services

The Group's elderly healthcare services segment comprised our comprehensive elderly healthcare centre located inside Renkang Hospital, namely, Renkang Elderly Care Centre with the vision of providing high-end quality elderly care services to local residents in Houjie Town, Dongguan City, the PRC. In view of the accelerating aging population issue in the PRC that leads to the high development potential of the healthcare and elderly care industry, Renkang Elderly Care Centre signifies our Group's presence and extension of our big health concept business development.

In 2022, Renkang Elderly Care Centre had a total of 108 (2021: 108) beds with a daily average elderly inpatient of 93 (2021: 93) persons and achieved an average annual bed utilisation rate of 86.1% (2021: 86.2%). Revenue from provision of elderly healthcare services for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB12.5 million (2021: RMB12.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 1.8%. As the operation matures, Renkang Elderly Care Centre continued to gain reputation for its elderly healthcare services in the district. In 2022, the centre had strengthened its management capability and firmly implemented the requirements issued by the social insurance system in Dongguan.

In 2022, Renkang Elderly Care Centre, in accordance with the requirements of the National Medical Security Information Platform, standardized the information of the elderly residents according to the standards of the designated medical insurance institutions, and timely updated the information and management of laboratory tests, examinations, drugs and consumables. It carried out health consultation, health examination, health management intervention, drug management service, daily care service, etc., and completed the diagnosis and treatment, chronic disease management and treatment, and emergency care of the common diseases of the elderly residents. It established and improved the green channel for the elderly residents to seek medical treatment, and exerted the characteristic advantages of the nursing home. It conducted comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA) for each elderly resident, and based on the analysis results, formulated scientific, reasonable and effective prevention, healthcare, treatment, rehabilitation and nursing plans, and orderly promoted the improvement of various functional status of the elderly, thereby improving their quality of life and self-care ability. Renkang Elderly Care Centre also began to admit elderly people requiring professional nursing care such as hemodialysis, insulin injection, tracheal intubation care, central venous catheter care, urinary catheter care, nasogastric feeding, etc. The diseases were also diversified, and there were elderly people who needed care after vegetative state, cerebral infarction/hemorrhage sequelae, dementia, fracture, etc., which fully reflected the professional capability of the nurses in the elderly nursing work.

老年醫療服務

本集團的老年醫療服務，包括在仁康醫院綜 合性的老年保健中心，即仁康護理院，旨在 向中國東莞市厚街鎮的當地居民提供優質 高端養老服務。鑑於中國人口加速老齡化問 題導致醫療保健及老年護理行業出現巨大 發展潛力，仁康護理院標誌本集團亮相及擴 展我們的大型保健概念業務發展。

於二零二二年，仁康護理院共有床位 108 張 （二零二一年： 108 張） ，老年患者日均 93 人 （二零二一年： 93 人）且獲得床位年均利用 率達到 86.1% （二零二一年： 86.2% ） 。報告期 間提供老年醫療服務的收入為人民幣 12.5 百 萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 12.2 百萬元） ，同 比增長 1.8% 。隨著運營的成熟，仁康護理院 持續在當地的老年醫療服務方面享有盛譽。 二零二二年，該護理院已加強其管理能力， 並嚴格執行東莞市社會保險制度的規定。

於二零二二年，根據國家醫療保障信息平台 的要求，仁康護理院醫保定點機構的標準規 範住院長者的資料，並及時更新化驗、檢查、 藥品及耗材等資料及管理。該護理院開展健 康諮詢、健康檢查、健康管理介入、藥物管 理服務、日常護理服務等，完善住院長者常 見疾病的診斷及治療、慢性病的管理及治療 以及急救。建立健全住院長者就醫綠色通道， 發揮養老院特色。該護理院為每名住院長者 進行綜合功能醫學評估 (CGA) ，並根據分析 結果制定科學、合理及有效預防、保健、治 療、康復及護理計劃，有序地促進長者各項 身體機能的改善，從而提高長者的生活質量 及自理能力。仁康護理院亦開始接納需要專 業護理的長者，如血液透析、胰島素注射、 氣管插管護理、中心靜脈導管護理、導尿管 護理、鼻飼等。疾病亦多樣化，有植物狀態、 腦梗塞╱出血後遺症、癡呆、骨折等需要護 理的長者，充分體現了護士在老年護理工作 中的專業能力。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

In 2023, Renkang Elderly Care Centre will proactively prepare for and welcome the on-site inspection of the 'Dongguan City 2022 Medical and Nursing Integration Service Quality Evaluation' conducted by the Municipal Health Commission, and complete the on-site evaluation of the city's elderly care service work in 2021 organized by the Dongguan Municipal Civil Affairs Bureau and its cooperative service providers, thereby further standardizing the implementation of various management systems in Renkang Elderly Care Centre, and achieving the purpose of promoting improvement and continuous quality improvement through inspection. It will also actively apply for the qualification of Guangdong Province's Elderly-Friendly Medical Institution.

Furthermore, in 2022, the development project of the third phase elderly centre building within Renkang Hospital (construction cost will be provided by the landlord of Renkang Hospital) continued, the construction and development plans have been submitted to the relevant government authority with the aim to obtain approval in 2023. The third phase development of the Renkang Elderly Care Centre aims to provide the best in the class elderly healthcare services and satisfy the overwhelming demand for elderly healthcare services in the district.

## Sales of Pharmaceutical Products

In 2021, the Group had retrenched the operation of this segment and gradually integrated it with our hospital services segment. No revenue was recorded for this segment during the Reporting Period (2021: RMB0.7 million).

## Industry Outlook and Strategy

In 2022, as the medical reform continued to deepen, the medical industry introduced a number of policies to address the supply and demand relationship, focusing on the strategic goal of high-quality development of hospitals, including hospital specialty development, medical insurance reform, domestic substitution of medical devices, medical digitalization, tiered diagnosis and treatment, centralized procurement, relaxation of medical qualifications, and promotion of private medical services. These measures will gradually narrow the gap between medical resources supply and demand, improve the efficiency of medical insurance fund utilization, reflect the value of medical services, and enhance the medical science and technology capabilities.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a huge impact on the medical industry in the past three years, such as the surge in market demand for medical protective products, disinfection products, nucleic acids testing, vaccines and COVID-19 drugs. Relevant enterprises have expanded their production capacity and increased their investment in product research and development in these three years. With the announcement issued by the NHC in December 2022, COVID-19 infection was adjusted from 'Class B with Class A management' to 'Class B with Class B management'. This was another major adjustment of the pandemic prevention and control policy since China began to implement strict Class A infectious disease prevention and control measures in January 2020. Year 2023 is a key year for the Chinese healthcare market to transition to the 'postpandemic' era, as well as an important window of opportunity for the reshaping, transformation and upgrading of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry.

二零二三年，仁康護理院將積極籌備並迎接 市衛健委開展的 「東莞市 2022 年醫養結合機 構服務品質評價」現場檢查，並完成東莞市 民政局組織協力廠商機構組織的二零二一 年全市養老服務工作現場評估，從而進一步 規範仁康護理院各項管理制度的落實，達到 以檢促改、以檢提質的目的。該護理院亦將 積極申請廣東省老年友善醫療機構資質。

此外，於二零二二年，將繼續仁康醫院內護 理院三期大樓（建設費用由仁康醫院業主承 擔）的發展項目，已向相關政府機構提交建 設及發展計劃，以期於二零二三年獲得批准。 仁康護理院三期旨在提供一流的長者醫療 服務，滿足該地區對長者醫療服務的巨大需 求。

## 銷售藥品

於二零二一年，本集團縮減該分部的營運， 並逐步與我們的醫院服務分部整合。於報告 期間，該分部並無錄得收益（二零二一年： 人民幣 0.7 百萬元） 。

## 行業前景及策略

於 2022 年，隨著醫療改革持續深化，醫療 行業出台一系列政策解決供需關係，圍繞醫 院高質量發展的戰略目標，包括醫院專科建 設、醫療保險改革、醫療器械國產化、醫療 數字化、分級診療、集中採購、放寬醫療資 格並推廣民營醫療服務。該等措施將逐步縮 小醫療資源的供需差距、提高醫療保險資金 的利用效率、體現醫療服務價值及提高醫療 科技能力。

過往三年， COVID-19 疫情對醫療行業產生巨 大影響，如醫療防護產品、消毒產品、核酸 檢測、疫苗及 COVID-19 藥物的市場需求激增。 三年來，相關企業擴大產能並加大對產品研 發的投資。隨著衛健委於二零二二年十二月 發佈的公告， COVID-19 感染由 「乙類甲管」 調 整為「乙類乙管」 。這是中國自二零二零年 一月開始實施嚴格的 A 類傳染病防控措施以 來，疫情防控政策的又一次重大調整。二零 二三年是中國醫療市場向「後疫情」時代轉 型的關鍵一年，亦是醫藥及醫療行業重塑、 轉型及升級的重要契機窗口。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Aging population and awareness of health management

The aging population and the increasing awareness of health management drive the growth of medical demand, while the penetration rate of disease diagnosis and treatment still needs to be improved, and the medical service scenarios become more diversified. According to the National Population Development Plan (2016-2030), the number of elderly people aged 60 and above in China grows steadily, and the growth rate will accelerate more significantly from 2021 to 2030. The proportion of elderly people will reach about 25% by 2030, and the total number and proportion of the elderly aged 80 and above will continue to increase. The middle-aged and elderly population is a high-risk group for diseases, and the prevalence of diseases related to tumors, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular, autoimmune, ophthalmology and dentistry is high, driving up huge medical demand. The diagnosis and treatment rate of various diseases needs to be improved in the future.

## Digitalisation of healthcare services

Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the healthcare insurance consumption approach of Chinese consumers and patients has gradually shifted from offline to online, with digital touchpoints opening up in every juncture. Medical service activities such as appointment registration, consultation, prescription refill, doctor-patient interaction and self-health management can be accomplished through digital means, and benefit from further catalysis and maturity under backdrop of the pandemic. According to studies, more than 70% of Chinese patients are receptive to the digital healthcare services provided by tech giants. Among them, about 50% of patients are willing to pay extra fees for the advantages of convenience and other benefits of digitalization, and China ranks first in both willingness indicators among the surveyed countries. In addition to the open attitude of consumers towards digital healthcare, the accumulation of medical big data, the extension of digital application scenarios and the collaboration of more relevant parties such as the government have enabled China's healthcare services to extend and expand from post-disease treatment to pre-disease prevention and health management. In the future, more innovative business models will emerge in digital healthcare services, bringing consumers a universal, precise and fullcycle digital healthcare journey experience.

## 人口老齡化與健康管理意識

人口老齡化及健康管理意識的不斷提高將推 動醫療需求的增長，而疾病診斷及治療的滲 透率仍亟待提高，醫療服務場景變得更加多 樣化。根據《國家人口發展規劃（二零一六 年－二零三零年） 》 ，中國 60 歲及以上老年 人口的數量穩步增長，二零二一年至二零三 零年間增長速度將更加顯著。到二零三零年， 老年人口比例將達到 25% 左右， 80 歲及以上 老年人口的總數及比例將持續增加。中老年 人是疾病的高發群體，腫瘤、心腦血管、自 身免疫、眼科、牙科等相關疾病的患病率較 高，推動巨大的醫療需求。日後各種疾病的 診治率有待提高。

## 醫療服務數字化

自 COVID-19 疫情爆發以來，中國消費者及患 者的醫療保險消費方式已逐漸從線下轉向 線上，數字化接觸點無時無刻不在開放。預 約掛號、諮詢、配藥、醫患互動及自我健康 管理等醫療服務活動可以透過數字化手段 得以實現，並受益於疫情背景下的進一步發 展及成熟。研究表明，超過 70% 的中國患者 接受科技巨頭提供的數字醫療服務。其中， 約 50% 的患者願意為數字化帶來的便利及其 他好處支付額外費用，而中國在這兩項意願 指標上均位居受訪國家首位。除消費者對數 字醫療的開放態度外，醫療大數據的累積、 數字化應用場景的延伸以及政府等更多相 關方的合作，使得中國的醫療服務能夠從病 後治療延伸至病前預防及健康管理。未來， 數字醫療服務將會出現更多創新的商業模式， 為消費者帶來通用、精準、全週期的數字醫 療之旅體驗。

<!-- image -->

## Medical payment reform

Medical payment still faces pressure, and structural optimization of the payment end is imperative. By the end of 2021, the National Healthcare Security Administration issued the 'Three-Year Action Plan for DRG/DIP Payment Method Reform', proposing that by the end of 2024, all regions with unified healthcare security in China will carry out DRG/DIP payment method reform, and by the end of 2025, the healthcare security fund and disease categories will be fully covered. Since the simulation of DRG/DIP in pilot cities, combined with the gradual implementation of volume-based procurement, the pressure on China's healthcare security fund has been effectively alleviated, and the surplus of the healthcare security fund has achieved continuous growth since 2021. However, there are still structural shortcomings in the supply end of China's medical payment, and the proportion of commercial health insurance claims in direct medical expenditure is less than 5%. More payment pressure is still borne by patients themselves. Riding on the trend of rapid development, more relevant parties such as the government, pharmaceutical and medical device enterprises, and third-party service organizations have actively entered the field, bringing many supports such as channels, credit endorsement, value-added services, etc. for commercial health insurance to further achieve product innovation, quality improvement and expanded coverage.

## Medical infrastructure at a rapid development stage

Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, China's new medical infrastructure has entered a rapid development stage, to make up for the structural shortcomings of the supply of medical resources. Under the guidance and support of a series of policies, such as the Implementation Plan for Building a High-quality and Efficient Medical and Health Service System in the 14th FiveYear Plan Period, the number of new medical infrastructure projects, such as expanding the capacity of tertiary hospitals and improving the quality of primary hospitals, has significantly increased compared to previous years. In September 2022, the Notice on Carrying Out Fiscal Subsidy Loans to Update and Renovate Medical Equipment by the NHC was officially issued, which is expected to bring more than RMB200 billion of financial support, effectively alleviating the fiscal pressure of various levels of government and the funding pressure of medical institutions, and further accelerating the development of new medical infrastructure. As a result, in addition to the early-stage construction work, the demand for medical equipment required for the mid-term construction of operating rooms, ICUs, radiology departments, pathology departments, laboratory departments and pharmacies, as well as the related demand for medical informatization projects in the later stage, will continue to increase.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

醫療支付改革

醫療支付仍面臨壓力，支付端的結構優化 勢在必行。二零二一年底，國家醫保局印發 《 DRG/DIP 支付方式改革三年行動計劃》 ，當 中明確，到二零二四年底，全國所有醫保統 籌地區全部開展 DRG/DIP 付費方式改革工作， 到二零二五年底，實現醫保基金及病種全覆 蓋。自試點城市模擬 DRG/DIP 以來，結合批 量投保的逐步實施，中國的醫保基金的壓力 得到有效緩解，二零二一年以來醫保基金的 盈餘持續增長。然而，中國醫療支付的供給 端仍存在結構性缺陷，商業健康保險索賠在 直接醫療支出中所佔的比例不到 5% 。更多 的支付壓力仍然由患者自行承擔。順應快速 發展的趨勢，政府、製藥及醫療器械企業、 第三方服務機構等更多相關方積極進入該 領域，為商業健康保險帶來渠道、信用背書、 增值服務等多方面支持，進一步實現產品創 新，質量改進及覆蓋範圍擴大。

## 醫療基礎設施處於快速發展階段

自二零二零年 COVID-19 疫情爆發以來，中國 新型醫療基礎設施已進入快速發展階段， 從而彌補醫療資源供給的結構性不足。在 《 「十四五」 優質高效醫療衛生服務體系建設 實施方案》等一系列政策的指導及支持下， 三級醫院擴容及基層醫院質量提升等新的醫 療基礎設施項目的數量較過往數年大幅增加。 於二零二二年九月，正式下發《國家衛健委 開展財政貼息貸款更新改造醫療設備的通 知》 ，預計將帶來人民幣 2,000 億元的財政支 持，有效緩解各級政府的財政壓力及醫療機 構的資金壓力，並進一步加快新型醫療基礎 設施的發展。因此，除前期建設工作外，手 術室、重症監護室、放射科、病理科、檢驗 科及藥房的中期建設所需的醫療設備需求， 以及後期對醫療信息化項目的相關需求，將 繼續增加。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Rapid development of Chinese medicine industry

Consumption health, the irreversible trend of population aging, and the huge number of middle-aged and elderly people and chronic disease patients shape the demand base for the consumption health market. Under the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, consumers' health awareness has increased, further driving the market expansion. Among them, sub-sectors such as ophthalmology, medical aesthetics, home care, and nutrition and health care will further release their development potential. Traditional Chinese medicine: The '14th Five-Year Plan for Pharmaceutical Development' was issued, which proposed 15 specific quantitative development indicators for the traditional Chinese medicine industry, such as the number of traditional Chinese medical institutions, the number of public traditional Chinese hospital beds per thousand population, etc. At the same time, the pilot sales of traditional Chinese medicine granules ended, and the sales scope expanded to all medical institutions with traditional Chinese medicine practice, and they were included in the standard medical insurance category B list. Under the relatively small risk of centralized procurement and leading enterprises leading the way, the traditional Chinese medicine industry will exhibit a continuous and rapid growth trend.

## Our Strategy

Healthcare reform has been one of the key topics on the government agenda in China. Due to the rise in the cost of healthcare, more than 10% of the income is  spent on healthcare, which is greater than that spent on education and transportation. The rise in the cost in healthcare would likely have an outcome of the high cost of the drugs. At present, the social healthcare insurance is under reforms to control the increasing healthcare costs. The development of commercial healthcare insurance in China lags behind. But the commercial healthcare insurance market has ample growth potential. Today, China has the largest healthcare market in the world. The Chinese healthcare industry is one of the fastest-growing sectors in China, growing at double digit rate each year.

中醫藥產業的快速發展

消費健康、不可逆轉的人口老齡化趨勢，以 及大量的中老年人及慢性病患者，塑造了消 費健康市場的需求基礎。在 COVID-19 疫情的 背景下，消費者健康意識增強，進一步推動 市場的發展。其中，眼科、醫美、家庭護理、 營養保健等細分行業將進一步釋放其發展 潛力。中醫藥：印發《 「十四五」製藥發展規 劃》 ，規劃提出中醫藥行業 15 個具體的量化 發展指標，如中醫醫療機構的數量、每千人 公立中醫醫院床位數量等。與此同時，結束 中藥顆粒製劑的試點銷售，將銷售範圍擴大 至所有具有中醫執業資質的醫療機構，並將 其納入標準醫保乙類目錄。在集中採購風險 相對較低及龍頭企業引領發展的情況下，中 醫藥行業將呈現出持續快速增長的態勢。

我們的策略

醫療改革一直是中國政府議程上的關鍵議 題之一。由於醫療成本的上升，超過 10% 的 收入用於醫療保健，高於教育及交通方面的 支出。醫療保健成本上升可能是藥物成本高 的產物。目前，社會醫療保險正在進行改革， 以控制不斷上漲的醫療成本。中國商業醫療 保險發展滯後，但商業醫療保險市場具有巨 大的增長潛力。目前，中國擁有世界上最大 的醫療保健市場。中國的醫療保健行業是中 國增長最快的行業之一，每年以雙位數的速 度增長。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

In the future, the Group will improve the construction of smart hospitals, promote the improvement of internet-based medical services, enhance the characteristics of internet plus medical care, and gradually expand the scope of services, making it more convenient and smooth for patients to consult and visit online; advance the pilot work of the national/provincial/municipal 'internet plus nursing services', explore the development of internet plus health consultation services, enrich the service content, and increase patient satisfaction.

Looking ahead into 2023, the Group will continue to strive to optimise our medical services and improve the operational efficiency of our medical service business. Furthermore, the Group will capitalize on our strengths, focus on our main businesses and improve our management standards as well as strengthen our relationship with our stakeholders including our patients and employees.

## Future Plans for Material Investments and Capital Assets

The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex

The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex is the Group's new elderly medical and healthcare complex development in Qingxi Town, Dongguan City (the land use rights of a land parcel which was acquired in year 2020), construction work of the main facilities had commenced in 2021. The development involves a comprehensive elderly healthcare medical facility with a particular focus on geriatric patients and rehabilitation, and will further enhance the Group's capability in providing high-end integrated medical care to meet the increasing demand for such services in Guangdong Province, the PRC.

未來，本集團將改善智慧醫院建設，推動互 聯網醫療服務的不斷完善，提升互聯網 + 醫 療的特色，並逐步擴大服務範圍，使患者在 線諮詢及就診更為便利順暢；推進國家╱ 省╱市 「互聯網 + 護理服務」 的試點工作，探 索發展互聯網 + 健康諮詢服務，豐富服務內 容，提高患者滿意度。

展望二零二三年，本集團將繼續努力優化我 們的醫療服務及提高我們醫療服務業務的 運營效率。此外，本集團將利用我們的優勢， 專注於我們的主要業務，提高我們的管理標 準並加強我們與包括患者及員工在內的利 益相關者的關係。

重大投資及資本資產之未來計劃

康華 · 清溪分院

康華 · 清溪分院是本集團位於東莞市清溪鎮 的新老年醫療保健綜合體開發項目（於二零 二零年收購該幅地塊的土地使用權） ，主要 設施的建設工作已於二零二一年開始。項目 發展包括一個綜合性老年醫療設施，特別關 注老年患者及康復，並將進一步提高本集團 提供高端綜合醫療護理服務的能力，以滿足 中國廣東省日益增長的醫療服務需求。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

The Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex has a total construction area of more than 130,000 square meters, and the planned architectural content includes several medical technology buildings, inpatient buildings, and nursing buildings, among which we expect there will be 500 inpatient beds and about 800 nursing and rehabilitation beds. The first phase of construction covers the medical technology building, the inpatient building, and the rehabilitation building, with a total construction area of approximately 44,000 square meters. We expect the construction and inspection of the main structure of the buildings for the first phase of the construct to complete by April 2024, the relevant interior decoration to complete by February 2025, and aim to put the first phase of the project into operation by March 2025.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other plans for material investments or capital assets as of the date of this report.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Segment Revenue

The Group generates revenue primarily from: (i) hospital services - providing healthcare services through its self-owned hospitals, namely Kanghua Hospital, Renkang Hospital and Kangxin Hospital, comprising inpatient healthcare services, outpatient healthcare services and physical examination services; (ii) rehabilitation and other healthcare services - providing rehabilitation services to patients with physical or mental disabilities and other healthcare-related services including elderly care and training service for the disabled; (iii) elderly healthcare services - provision of elderly healthcare services, including assisted living, adult daycare, long-term care, residential care and hospice care to the aged patients; and (iv) sale of pharmaceutical products and medical consumables to patients of the Group's hospitals and walk-in customers who may not be patients of the Group's hospitals.

康華 · 清溪分院總建築面積逾 130,000 平方 米，規劃建築內容包括數棟醫技樓、住院樓 及護理樓，其中我們預計將有住院床位 500 張，護理康復床位約 800 張。一期工程包括 醫技樓、住院樓及康復樓，總建築面積約 44,000 平方米。我們預期一期建設項目將於 二零二四年四月前完成建築主體結構建設 及驗收，並於二零二五年二月前完成相關室 內裝修，旨在於二零二五年三月前將項目一 期投入運營。

除本年報披露者外，本集團於本年報日期並 無其他重大投資計劃或資本資產計劃。

## 財務回顧

分部收益

本集團主要從以下各項賺取收益： (i) 醫院服 務－通過其本身擁有的醫院（即康華醫院、 仁康醫院及康心醫院）提供醫療服務，包括 住院醫療服務、門診醫療服務及體檢服務； (ii) 康復及其他醫療服務－為身體或精神殘疾 病人提供康復服務及其他醫療相關服務，包 括老年護理及殘疾人訓練服務； (iii) 老年醫 療服務－提供老年醫療服務，包括生活輔助、 成人日托、長期護理、住院護理及老年病人 的臨終關懷；及 (iv) 向本集團醫院的病人及 未必為本集團醫院病人的步入式客戶銷售 藥品及醫療耗材。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

下表載列所示年度本集團按分部劃分的收益、 收益成本、毛利及毛利率：

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

The following tables below set forth the revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin of the Group by segment for the years indicated:

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Hospital  services  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  Elderly  healthcare  services  Total  醫院服務  康復及其他  醫療服務  老年  醫療服務  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue  收益  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633  Cost of revenue  收益成本  (1,482,929)  (92,952)  (8,402)  (1,584,283)  Gross profit  毛利  238,533  18,762  4,055  261,350  Gross profit margin  毛利率  13.9%  16.8%  32.6%  14.2%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2021

截至二零二一年十二月三十一日止年度

| Hospital  services  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  Elderly  healthcare  services  Sale of  pharmaceutical  products  Total  醫院服務  康復及其他  醫療服務  老年  醫療服務  銷售藥品  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue  收益  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944  Cost of revenue  收益成本  (1,507,294)  (85,234)  (8,058)  (610)  (1,601,196)  Gross profit  毛利  332,181  16,273  4,178  116  352,748  Gross profit margin  毛利率  18.1%  16.0%  34.1%  16.0%  18.1%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from the Group's hospital services amounted to RMB1,721.5 million (2021: RMB1,839.5 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.4% and accounting for 93.3% (2021: 94.1%) of the total revenue of the Group.

本集團醫院服務的收益為人民幣 1,721.5 百萬 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 1,839.5 百萬元） ，按 年計同比下降 6.4% ，佔本集團總收益 93.3% （二零二一年： 94.1% ） 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

Revenue from hospital services comprised (i) revenue from inpatient healthcare services amounted to RMB927.1 million (2021: RMB1,079.6 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.1%, accounting for 50.2% (2021: 55.3%) of the total revenue of the Group; (ii) revenue from outpatient healthcare services amounted to RMB640.7 million (2021: RMB616.8 million), representing a yearon-year increase of 3.9%, accounting for 34.7% (2021: 31.6%) of the total revenue of the Group; and (iii) revenue from physical examination services amounted to RMB153.7 million (2021: RMB143.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 7.4%, accounting for 8.3% (2021: 7.3%) of the total revenue of the Group. The decrease in revenue from hospital services is mainly due to (i) the decrease in the number of inpatient visits at both Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital during the Reporting Period which contributed most of the drop in revenue of our inpatient healthcare services; (ii) the drop in patient average spending of our inpatient healthcare services; (iii) the decrease in revenue in a number of our major medical disciplines and our special services; and (iv) several incidents of temporary closure of our outpatient department due to COVID-19 cases identified at Kanghua Hospital during the Reporting Period. However, revenue of our outpatient healthcare services and physical examination had increased during the Reporting Period, and was primarily due to (i) the increase in outpatient visits at Renkang Hospital and an overall increase in patient average spending of our outpatient healthcare services; (ii) the increase in the number of patient visits and increase in patient average spending of our physical examination services; and (iii) the increase in number of COVID-19 tests and related medical treatment performed at our hospitals during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, the revenue from our special services amounted to RMB156.1 million (2021: RMB173.6 million), accounted for approximately 8.5% (2021: 8.9%) of the Group's total revenue and 9.1% (2021: 9.4%) of the Group's revenue from our hospital services segment. The decrease in revenue from our hospital services was mainly due to the operational disruptions of our hospitals during the most severe times of the pandemic. The Board is of the view that the decrease in number of patient visits in year 2022 is largely temporary. As the relaxations of COVID-19 controls announced in December 2022, business operations and medical services have substantially returned to normal level. The Board is of the view that the fundamental demand for our services remained strong and stable.

醫院服務的收益包括： (i) 住院醫療服務的收 益人民幣 927.1 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,079.6 百萬元） ，按年計同比下降 14.1% ，佔 本集團總收益 50.2% （二零二一年： 55.3% ） ； (ii) 門診醫療服務的收益人民幣 640.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 616.8 百萬元） ，按年 計同比增加 3.9% ，佔本集團總收益 34.7% （二 零二一年： 31.6% ） ；及 (iii) 體檢服務的收益人 民幣 153.7 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 143.1 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加 7.4% ，佔本集團 總收益 8.3% （二零二一年： 7.3% ） 。醫院服務 的收益減少主要由於： (i) 報告期間康華醫院 及仁康醫院的住院人次數量減少，此乃導致 我們住院醫療服務的收益下降的主要原因； (ii) 患者於住院醫療服務的平均開支降低； (iii) 若干主要科室及特殊服務的收益下降；及 (iv) 報告期間康華醫院發現的 COVID-19 病例導致 門診部暫時關閉。然而，報告期間，我們門 診醫療服務及體檢收益有所增長，主要是由 於報告期間 (i) 仁康醫院的門診人次數量增加， 以及患者於我們門診醫療服務的平均開支 整體增加； (ii) 我們體檢服務的患者人次數量 增加及患者平均開支增加；及 (iii) 在我們醫 院進行的 COVID-19 檢測及相關醫療服務的次 數增加。

於報告期間，特殊服務收益為人民幣 156.1 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 173.6 百萬元） ， 佔本集團總收益的約 8.5% （二零二一年： 8.9% ）及佔本集團醫院服務分部收益的 9.1% （二零二一年： 9.4% ） 。醫院服務收益減少主 要是由於我們醫院在疫情最嚴重時期的運營 中斷。董事會認為二零二二年度患者人次數 量減少很大程度上屬暫時性。隨著二零二二 年十二月宣佈放寬 COVID-19 管控，商業運營 及醫療服務已基本恢復至正常水平。董事會 認為，對我們服務的基本需求仍然強勁穩定。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

Revenue from rehabilitation and other healthcare services amounted to RMB111.7 million (2021: RMB101.5 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1%, accounting for 6.1% (2021: 5.2%) of the total revenue of the Group. Revenue from rehabilitation and other healthcare services comprised (i) revenue from rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services amounted to RMB53.1 million (2021: RMB40.8 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 30.0% and (ii) revenue from rehabilitation centres services and other services (in particular our children rehabilitation operations) amounted to RMB58.6 million (2021: RMB60.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.4%. The increase in revenue of our rehabilitation hospital and other healthcare services was mainly attributable to  the  significant  growth in rehabilitation patient visits at Hefei Kanghua Rehabilitation Hospital as the operation gradually matures since its official opening in 2018. However, the decrease in revenue of our rehabilitation centres services and other services was mainly attributable to business interruptions and suspensions of our children's rehabilitation centers as a result of the pandemic prevention and control during the year.

Revenue from elderly healthcare services represented the provision of elderly healthcare services at Renkang Elderly Care Centre, which amounted to RMB12.5 million (2021: RMB12.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 1.8%, accounting for 0.7% (2021: 0.6%) of the total revenue of the Group. The relatively stable revenue level was mainly attributable to the maturing business operation of Renkang Elderly Care Centre which is already operating at our maximum capacity.

No revenue from sales of pharmaceutical products and medical consumables was recorded during the Reporting Period (2021: RMB0.7 million). In 2021, the Group had retrenched the operation of this segment and gradually integrated such operation into our hospital services segment.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue of the Group's hospital services segment (consisting of inpatient healthcare services, outpatient healthcare services and physical examination services) primarily consisted of cost of pharmaceuticals and medical consumables, staff cost, depreciation and amortisation, service expenses, utilities expenses, rental expenses and other costs. Cost of revenue of the Group's hospital services segment decreased to RMB1,482.9 million (2021: RMB1,507.3 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.6%. The decrease in cost of revenue for hospital services segment was mainly attributable to drop in business operations at Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital, which corresponded with the decrease in variable costs such as cost of pharmaceuticals and medical consumables, as well as the fall in the number of inpatient visits of both hospitals during the Reporting Period. Whereas, Kangxin Hospital recorded an increase in cost of revenue due to improvement in business operation; however, Kangxin Hospital was still at its stage of ramping up its operation and running at negative gross margin during the Reporting Period.

康復及其他醫療服務的收益為人民幣 111.7 百 萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 101.5 百萬元） ， 按年計同比增加 10.1% ，佔本集團總收益 6.1% （二零二一年： 5.2% ） 。康復及其他醫療服務 的收益包括 (i) 來自康復醫院及其他醫療服務 的收益人民幣 53.1 百萬元（二零二一年：人 民幣 40.8 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加 30.0% ； 及 (ii) 康復中心服務及其他服務（尤其是我們 的兒童康復業務）的收益人民幣 58.6 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 60.7 百萬元） ，按年計 同比減少 3.4% 。康復醫院及醫療其他服務收 益增加主要歸因於自二零一八年正式開業 以來，隨著業務逐步成熟，合肥康華康復醫 院的康復患者就診人次大幅增長。然而，康 復中心服務及其他服務的收益減少主要歸 因於年內疫情防控導致兒童康復中心的業 務中斷及暫停。

來自老年醫療服務的收益指在仁康護理院 提供老年醫療服務的收益人民幣 12.5 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 12.2 百萬元） ，按年計 同比增長 1.8% ，佔本集團總收益的 0.7% （二 零二一年： 0.6% ） 。收益水平相對穩定，主 要歸因於仁康護理院業務運營日趨成熟，已 達到我們的最大運營能力。

報告期間未錄得銷售藥品及醫療消耗品收 益（二零二一年：人民幣 0.7 百萬元） 。二零 二一年，本集團縮減該分部的營運，並逐步 與我們的醫院服務分部整合。

收益成本

本集團醫院服務分部（包括住院醫療服務、 門診醫療服務及體檢服務）的收益成本主要 包括藥品及醫療消耗品成本、員工成本、折 舊及攤銷、服務開支、水電費、租金開支和 其他成本。本集團醫院服務分部的收益成本 減少至人民幣 1,482.9 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 1,507.3 百萬元） ，按年計同比減少 1.6 % 。我們醫院服務分部的收益成本減少乃主 要由於報告期間康華醫院及仁康醫院的業 務營運下降，與可變成本（例如藥品及醫療 耗材成本）的下降以及兩家醫院的住院人次 數量下降相對應。而康心醫院錄得收益成本 增長，乃由於業務營運改善；然而，康心醫 院仍處於擴大運營階段，於報告期間，其毛 利率為負。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

Cost of revenue of the Group's rehabilitation and other healthcare services segment amounted to RMB93.0 million (2021: RMB85.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 9.1%, and primarily consisted of staff costs, medical consumables, depreciation, utilities and rental expenses. The increase in cost of revenue was in line with the increase in revenue for the year, mainly as a result of increase in operation of our rehabilitation hospitals and increase in number of direct staff headcounts, as well as departmental direct costs including direct consumables and office expenses.

Cost of revenue of the Group's elderly healthcare services represents direct operating costs at Renkang Elderly Care Centre, which amounted to RMB8.4 million (2021: RMB8.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 4.3%, which mainly consisted of the cost of services including direct staff cost and consumables incurred at the elderly care centre. There was no significant increase in cost of revenue primarily due to the full operation of the centre and full deployment of its services since 2020. The increase was mainly due to the increase in staff headcounts.

For the Reporting Period, costs of pharmaceuticals, costs of medical consumables and staff cost accounted for approximately 25.7% (2021: 26.2%), 25.7% (2021: 28.5%) and 34.2% (2021: 30.8%), respectively, of the total cost of revenue of the Group. The proportion of cost of pharmaceuticals as percentage of total cost of revenue had declined during the Reporting period, which was mainly attributable to the continuing downward adjustment on cost of pharmaceutical consumptions by patients which is also in line with medical reforms at the national level. Our total staff-related costs including salary, bonus and other benefits increased by 9.8% as compared with 2021, which reflected the rise in general salary level, compensation for overtime payments for efforts in fighting against the pandemic and intense competition for medical professionals over the past year.

## Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

Total gross profit of the Group amounted to RMB261.4 million (2021: RMB352.7 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.9%. The overall gross profit margin decreased to 14.2% (2021: 18.1%), primarily due to: (i) the decrease in the overall average patient spending from our inpatient healthcare services; (ii) the decrease in number of complex surgeries performed at Kanghua Hospital; (iii) the drop in revenue caused by the temporary closure of our outpatient department at Kanghua Hospital during the Reporting Period; and (iv) the continual loss incurred at Kangxin Hospital which is currently operating at negative gross margin. In addition, there is an increase in overall direct staff costs and utilities expenses of 9.8% and 7.9%, respectively.

本集團的康復及其他醫療服務分部的收益 成本為人民幣 93.0 百萬元（二零二一年：人 民幣 85.2 百萬元） ，按年計同比增長 9.1% ， 主要包括員工成本、醫療消耗品、折舊、水 電費及租金開支。收益成本增長與本年度收 益增長一致，主要由於康復醫院運營以及直 接員工人數以及部門成本（包括直接消耗品 及辦公開支） 增加。

本集團老年醫療服務的收益成本指仁康護理 院的直接運營成本，為人民幣 8.4 百萬元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 8.1 百萬元） ，按年計同比 增加 4.3% ，主要包括服務成本，包括直接員 工成本及長者護理中心的消耗品。收益成本 並無大幅增加，乃主要由於該護理院自二零 二零年全面運營及全面開展服務。該增加乃 主要由於員工人數增加。

於報告期間，藥品成本、醫療耗材成本及員 工成本分別佔本集團總收益成本約 25.7% （二 零二一年： 26.2% ） 、 25.7% （二零二一年： 28.5% ）及 34.2% （二零二一年： 30.8% ） 。於 報告期間，藥品成本佔總收益成本的比例有 所下降，這主要是由於繼續下調患者的藥品 消費成本，此與國家層面的醫療改革保持一 致。我們的員工相關總成本（包括薪金、花 紅及其他福利） ，較二零二一年上升 9.8% ， 反映過往年度總體薪金水平提高、為抗擊疫 情而支付的加班費補償及醫療專業人員的 競爭加劇。

## 毛利及毛利率

本集團總毛利為人民幣 261.4 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 352.7 百萬元），按年計同 比下降 25.9% 。整體毛利率降至 14.2% （二零 二一年： 18.1% ） ，主要原因是： (i) 患者於住 院醫療服務的整體平均開支降低； (ii) 康華醫 院施行複雜手術次數減少； (iii) 康華醫院門 診部於報告期間暫時關閉導致收益下降；及 (iv) 康心醫院持續虧損，目前毛利率為負。 此外，整體直接員工成本及水電費分別增加 9.8% 及 7.9% 。

<!-- image -->

## Other Income

The other income of the Group primarily consisted of bank and other interest income, investment income from financial assets at FVTPL, government subsidies, fixed operating lease income (rental income), clinical trial and related income, COVID-19-related rent concession and others. During the Reporting Period, other income amounted to RMB54.9 million (2021: RMB45.1 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 21.5%, primarily due to (i) a decrease in government subsidies to RMB5.7 million (2021: RMB11.2 million), primarily due to a decrease in vaccination and other COVID-19 related subsidies received from government bodies during the year. Other subsidies include subsidized funding for operation of our rehabilitation centres and hospitals as well as specific research and development projects; (ii) an increase in investment income from financial assets at FVTPL of 54.3% to RMB13.3 million (2021: RMB8.6 million), which represented investment return from structured deposits with banks in the PRC, primarily due to an increase in average amount of structured deposits being placed during the Reporting Period; (iii) an increase in clinical trial and related income to RMB10.9 million (2021: RMB4.8 million); (iv) COVID-19 related rent concession of RMB7.4 million (2021: nil) represented the special COVID-19 related rent concession granted by the landlord of Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital during the Reporting Period; and (v) an increase in bank and other interest income to RMB3.2 million (2021: RMB1.9 million).

As part of the Group's cash management to maximise return on idle cash, the Group invested in certain low-risk structured deposit products issued by a PRC commercial bank and portfolio investment fund (all classified as financial assets at FVTPL) to achieve higher interest income and capital gain return without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures to earn better return on our excess cash balance, which is consistent with our cash management policy.

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

## 其他收入

本集團的其他收入主要包括銀行及其他利 息收入、按公平值計入損益的金融資產的投 資收入、政府補貼、固定經營租賃收入（租 金收入） 、臨床試驗及相關收入、 COVID-19 相關租金優惠及其他。於報告期間，其他收 入為人民幣 54.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民 幣 45.1 百萬元） ，按年計同比增加 21.5% ，主 要是由於 (i) 政府補貼減至人民幣 5.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 11.2 百萬元） ，主要由 於年內自政府機構收取的疫苗接種及其他 COVID-19 相關的補貼減少所致。其他補貼包 括康復中心及醫院營運以及特定研發項目的 補貼資金； (ii) 按公平值計入損益的金融資產 的投資收入增加 54.3% 至人民幣 13.3 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 8.6 百萬元） ，此乃指 存放於中國境內銀行的結構性存款的投資回 報，而增加主要是由於報告期間的平均結構 性存款增加所致； (iii) 臨床試驗及相關收入增 加至人民幣 10.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民 幣 4.8 百萬元） ； (iv) COVID-19 相關租金優惠人 民幣 7.4 百萬元（二零二一年：零） ，即報告 期間康華醫院及仁康醫院業主獲授 COVID-19 相關租金優惠；及 (v) 銀行及其他利息收入增 加至人民幣 3.2 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 1.9 百萬元） 。

作為本集團為盡量提高閒置現金回報的現金 管理的一部份，本集團投資於一家中國商業 銀行發行的若干低風險結構性存款產品以及 投資組合基金（全部分類為按公平值計入損 益的金融資產）以獲取更高利息收入及資本 收益回報，以便在不影響業務營運或資本開 支的情況下利用剩餘資金賺取更高的回報率， 此舉於我們的現金管理政策相符。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Other Expenses, Gains and Losses, net

The other expenses, gains and losses of the Group primarily consisted of fair value gain/(loss) on financial assets at FVTPL, loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment, donations and net exchange gain/(loss). During the Reporting Period, other expenses, gains and losses amounted to a net gain of RMB0.7 million (2021: net loss of RMB5.2 million), primarily comprised (i) a recorded fair value loss on financial assets at FVTPL of RMB4.4 million (2021: fair value loss of RMB2.3 million); (ii) a recorded net exchange gain of RMB5.9 million (2021: net exchange loss of RMB2.3 million) mainly arising from our Hong Kong dollar denominated financial assets; (iii) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment amounted to RMB0.6 million (2021: loss of RMB0.5 million); and (iv) donations made of RMB0.2 million (2021: RMB0.1 million).

## Net Provision of Impairment Losses under the Expected Credit Loss Model

During the Reporting Period, impairment losses under the expected credit loss (ECL) model recorded a net provision of RMB4.2 million (2021: RMB2.9 million). The net provision for the Reporting Period was mainly attributable to (i) an increase in the balances of accounts and other receivables at the end of the reporting period; and (ii) the effects of increase in the Group's accounts receivables aging and deterioration in credit rating of certain corporate customers and outstanding debts from patients as well as certain other receivable balances. Over the past few years, the Group increased its efforts to recover overdue debts, including recovering receivables from patients through legal actions, as well as tightening credit reviews given to corporate customers.

The Group collectively assesses ECL for the accounts and other receivables, except for account receivables from the PRC government's social insurance scheme and certain credit-impaired debtors which are assessed for ECL individually. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various receivables that have similar loss patterns. The collective assessment is based on the Group's historical default rates taking into consideration forward looking information that is reasonable and available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historically observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

其他開支、收益及虧損淨額

本集團的其他開支、收益及虧損主要包括按 公平值計入損益的金融資產的公平值收益╱ （虧損） 、出售物業、廠房及設備的虧損、捐 款及匯兌收益╱ （虧損） 淨額。於報告期間， 其他開支、收益及虧損為收益淨額人民幣 0.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：淨虧損人民幣 5.2 百萬 元） ，主要包括： (i) 錄得按公平值計入損益 的金融資產公平值虧損人民幣 4.4 百萬元 （二 零二一年：公平值虧損人民幣 2.3 百萬元） ； (ii) 錄得由我們的港元計值金融資產生匯兌收 益淨額人民幣 5.9 百萬元 （二零二一年：匯兌 虧損淨額人民幣 2.3 百萬元） ； (iii) 出售物業、 廠房及設備的虧損人民幣 0.6 百萬元（二零 二一年：虧損人民幣 0.5 百萬元） ；及 (iv) 捐款 人民幣 0.2 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 0.1 百萬元） 。

## 預期信貸虧損模式項下之減值虧損撥備 淨額

於報告期間，預期信貸虧損模式項下之減值 虧損錄得撥備淨額人民幣 4.2 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 2.9 百萬元） 。報告期間撥備 淨額主要由於 (i) 報告期間末應收賬款及其他 應收款項結餘增加；及 (ii) 本集團應收賬款的 賬齡增加、部分企業客戶信用等級下降及患 者未償還債務以及若干其他應收款項結餘 的影響。於過往數年，本集團加大其力度收 回逾期債務，包括透過法律行動收回應收患 者款項，以及收緊對企業客户的信貸審查。

本集團就應收賬款及其他應收款項共同評 估預期信貸虧損，惟中國政府社會保險計劃 及若干獨立評估預期信貸虧損的信貸減值 債務人的應收賬款除外。撥備率以內部信貸 評級為基礎，作為具有類似虧損模式的各類 應收款項的分組。共同評估以本集團的歷史 違約率為基礎，並考慮合理且無需不必要的 成本或努力即可獲得之前瞻性資料而作出。 在各報告日期，重新評估歷史可觀察的違約 率，並考慮前瞻性資料的變動。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

The management of the Group closely monitors the credit quality of accounts and other receivables and considers the debts that are neither past due nor impaired to be of a good credit quality. Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to the customers and debtors for whom there was no history of default. As part of the Group's credit risk management, the Group uses receivables' aging to assess the impairment for its receivables except for account receivables from the PRC government's social insurance schemes and certain credit impaired debtors of which ECL are assessed individually. These receivables consist of a large number of small patients with common risk characteristics that are representative of the patients' abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms.

## Administrative Expenses

The administrative expenses of the Group primarily consisted of staff costs, repairs and maintenance expenses, office expenses, depreciation and amortisation, rental expenses, utilities expenses, entertainment and travelling expenses and other expenses. During the Reporting Period, administrative expenses amounted to RMB228.3 million (2021: RMB225.2 million), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.4%, primarily due to (i) an increase in administrative staff related costs to RMB83.7 million (2021: RMB74.4 million) as a result of the increase staff salary renumerations and bonus payments as well as staff related benefits; (ii) a slight increase in depreciation and amortisation to RMB24.1 million (2021: RMB23.2 million); (iii) a decrease in administrative and office expenses to RMB16.9 million (2021: RMB17.3 million); and (iv) a substantial decrease in overall repair and maintenance expenditure to RMB16.2 million (2021: RMB27.7 million).

## Finance Costs

Finance costs for the year amounted to RMB15.0 million (2021: RMB19.8 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 24.1%. Finance costs for the Reporting Period comprised (i) interest on bank loans raised of RMB18.6 million (2021: RMB18.0 million); (ii) the interest element relating to lease liabilities charged to profit or loss during the Reporting period of RMB9.7 million (2021: RMB11.5 million); and (iii) less amount of interest capitalised in the cost of qualifying assets of RMB13.3 million (2021: RMB9.7 million).

本集團管理層密切監察應收賬款及其他應 收款項的信貸質素，並認為無逾期亦無減值 的債項具有良好的信貸質素。無逾期亦無減 值的應收款項與眾多並無違約紀錄的客戶 及債務人有關。作為本集團信貸風險管理的 一部分，本集團使用應收款項的賬齡評估其 應收款項的減值情況，惟中國政府的社會保 險計劃及若干獨立評估預期信貸虧損的信 用減值債務人的應收賬款除外。該等應收賬 款由大量具有共同風險特徵的小病患組成， 該等病患代表病患按照合約條款支付所有 應付金額的能力。

## 行政開支

本集團的行政開支主要包括員工成本、維 修及保養開支、辦公室開支、折舊及攤銷、 租金開支、水電開支、交際及交通開支以及 其他開支。於報告期間，行政開支為人民幣 228.3 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 225.2 百 萬元） ，按年計同比增加約 1.4% ，主要由於： (i) 行政員工相關成本增加至人民幣 83.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 74.4 百萬元） ，原因為 員工薪金報酬及花紅支付及相關員工福利 開支增加； (ii) 折舊及攤銷輕微增加至人民幣 24.1 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 23.2 百萬 元） ； (iii) 行政及辦公開支減少至人民幣 16.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 17.3 百萬元） ； 及 (iv) 整體維修及保養開支大幅減少至人民 幣 16.2 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 27.7 百 萬元） 。

## 融資成本

年內的融資成本為人民幣 15.0 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 19.8 百萬元） ，按年計同比 減少 24.1% 。報告期間融資成本包括 (i) 年內 所籌借銀行貸款人民幣 18.6 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 18.0 百萬元）的利息； (ii) 與 報告期間自損益扣除的租賃負債相關的利 息要素人民幣 9.7 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民 幣 11.5 百萬元） ；及 (iii) 按於合資格資產成本 人民幣 13.3 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 9.7 百萬元） 內資本化的利息金額減少。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Income Tax Expenses

The income tax expenses of the Group primarily consisted of PRC enterprise income tax and Hong Kong Profits Tax. In 2022, income tax expenses amounted to RMB41.6 million (2021: RMB62.3 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 33.3%. The subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are generally subject to income tax rate of 25% on their respective taxable income. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are regarded as 'small and micro enterprises' and, accordingly, were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 2.5% to 10% (2021: 2.5% to 10%) during the Reporting Period. Our effective tax rate for the Reporting Period is 60.0% (2021: 48.2%). The decrease in income tax expenses is primarily due to the decrease in profits generated at Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital during the Reporting Period. The increase in effective tax for the Reporting Period is mainly due to the tax effect of tax losses not recognised for losses incurred by Kangxin Hospital.

## Profit for the Year

The Group recorded profit for the Reporting Period amounting to RMB27.7 million (2021: RMB66.9 million), and profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounting to RMB61.0 million (2021: RMB94.3 million).

## FINANCIAL POSITION

Property, Plant and Equipment, Rights-of-Use Assets and Deposits Paid for Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment

During the Reporting Period, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment and incurred expenditure on construction in progress of RMB73.6 million (2021: RMB69.5 million) and RMB94.5 million (2021: RMB99.8 million), respectively, mainly for the purpose of upgrading and expanding the service capacity of the Group's hospital and rehabilitation services operations and construction cost incurred for Phase II medical facility at Kangxin Hospital and the Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex.

## 所得稅開支

本集團的所得稅開支主要包括中國企業所得 稅及香港利得稅。於二零二二年，所得稅開 支為人民幣 41.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民 幣 62.3 百萬元） ，按年計同比減少 33.3% 。本 集團於中國之附屬公司一般須就其應課稅 所得收入按 25% 之所得稅稅率繳納稅項。本 集團於中國的若干附屬公司被視為「小微企 業」 ，因此，將於報告期間享有 2.5% 至 10% （二零二一年： 2.5% 至 10% ） 的優惠所得稅率。 我們於報告期間的實際稅率為 60.0% （二零 二一年： 48.2% ） 。所得稅開支減少主要由於 報告期間康華醫院及仁康醫院所產生溢利 減少。報告期間實際稅率增加主要是由於未 就康心醫院所產生虧損確認稅項虧損的稅 收影響所致。

## 年內溢利

本集團於報告期間錄得溢利人民幣 27.7 百萬 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 66.9 百萬元） ，及本 公司股東應佔溢利為人民幣 61.0 百萬元（二 零二一年： 94.3 百萬元） 。

## 財務狀況

物業、廠房及設備、使用權資產以及就 收購物業、廠房及設備支付的按金

於報告期間，本集團購買物業、廠房及設備 以及就在建工程產生支出分別為人民幣 73.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 69.5 百萬元） 及人民幣 94.5 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 99.8 百萬元） ，主要用於升級及擴大本集團 醫院及康復服務營運的服務能力以及康心 醫院二期醫療設施及康華 · 清溪分院產生的 建設成本。

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had right-of-use assets of RMB319.9 million (2021: RMB354.1 million) which included leasehold lands of RMB221.6 million (2021: RMB226.6 million) and leasehold land and buildings relating to leases of RMB98.3 million (2021: RMB127.6 million) recognised in accordance with IFRS 16. During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of properties in the PRC ranging from 2 to 8 years. The Group is required to make fixed monthly payments. On lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB2.2 million (2021: RMB7.1 million) each relating to those new leases.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounting to RMB58.1 million (2021: RMB91.6 million). The deposits mainly represent deposits paid for construction cost of Phase II medical facility at our Kangxin Hospital and the Kanghua Qingxi Healthcare Complex and amount paid for acquisition of new medical equipment and other new facilities as the Group continues to upgrade its medical facilities and expand its operation capacity.

## Other Asset

On 23 May 2022, the Company entered into certain management arrangements ('Management Arrangements') with Silver Mountain Capital Limited ('Silver Mountain'), an independent third party, pursuant to which Silver Mountain has assumed management of the day-to-day operations of Kangxin Hospital, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for a period of 20 years ('Service Period') subject to certain terms and conditions. Details of the Management Arrangements are set out in the Company's announcement dated 23 May 2022.

Pursuant to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall provide a series of services with a view to improving and optimising the operations of Kangxin Hospital including the introduction of a German medical group 'Artemed' to  Kangxin Hospital to participate in daily management and operations, overseas and domestic resources, research capabilities, clinical achievement transformation, policy innovation, cooperation with medical colleges, key scientific construction, medical informatics, medical payment system, quality control, expert collaboration and cost control.

In return, Kangxin Hospital shall pay to Silver Mountain a fee of RMB20.0 million (the 'Brand Introduction Fee') to procure the introduction of 'Artemed', and an annual fixed management fee of RMB10.0 million together with variable management fee which is based on certain percentage of Kangxin Hospital's annual revenue during the Service Period.

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團的使 用權資產為人民幣 319.9 百萬元 （二零二一年： 人民幣 354.1 百萬元） ，包括租賃土地人民幣 221.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 226.6 百 萬元）及根據國際財務報告準則第 16 號確認 與租賃有關的租賃土地及樓宇人民幣 98.3 百 萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 127.6 百萬元） 。 於報告期間，本集團訂立新租賃協議，以在 中國使用物業介乎兩至八年。本集團須按月 支付固定費用。於租賃開始時，本集團就該 等新租賃確認各自使用權資產及租賃負債 人民幣 2.2 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 7.1 百萬元） 。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團就購 買物業、廠房及設備支付按金人民幣 58.1 百 萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 91.6 百萬元） 。按 金主要指就康心醫院醫療設備二期及康華 · 清溪分院的建築成本之已付按金及購買新 的醫療設備及其他新設施支付的款項，是由 於本集團繼續升級醫療設施並擴充經營能力。

## 其他資產

於二零二二年五月二十三日，本公司與獨立 第三方銀山資本有限公司（ 「銀山資本」 ）訂 立若干管理安排 （ 「管理安排」 ） ，據此，銀山 資本已承擔本公司非全資附屬公司康心醫 院的日常運營管理工作，為期 20 年（ 「服務 期」 ） ，惟須受限於若干條款及條件。管理安 排的詳情載於本公司日期為二零二二年五 月二十三日的公告。

根據管理安排，銀山資本應提供一系列服務， 以改善及優化康心醫院的營運，包括將德國 醫療集團「 Artemed 」 引入康心醫院以參與日 常管理及營運、海外及國內資源、研究能力、 臨床成果轉化、政策創新、與醫學院校合作、 重點學科建設、醫療信息學、醫療支付系統、 質量控制、專家協作及成本控制。

作為回報，康心醫院應向銀山資本支付人民 幣 20.0 百萬元的費用（ 「品牌引入費」 ）以促 成引入「 Artemed 」 ，以及年固定管理費人民 幣 10.0 百萬元連同按服務期內康心醫院年收 益的一定比例計算的浮動管理費。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

During the Reporting Period, Silver Mountain had procured 'Artemed' license holder to sign a trademark licensing agreement with Kangxin Hospital for a nonexclusive right to use Artemed brand in Mainland China and the Group paid the Brand Introduction Fee of RMB20.0 million to Silver Mountain and classified as other asset in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group. According to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall refund a certain portion of the Brand Introduction Fee paid to Kangxin Hospital under certain circumstances, including, among others, in the event that Kangxin Hospital is not able to achieve the growth of audited revenue based on an agreed threshold during the performance period (i.e. the 12-month period beginning from the 1st day of the month after the completion of the transfer of management rights of Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain). In the opinion of the Directors, the payment of the Brand Introduction Fee is part of the Management Arrangements with Silver Mountain for its services during the Service Period and the introduction of German medical group 'Artemed' brand could bring long-term benefits to the operations of Kangxin Hospital, and accordingly, the Brand Introduction Fee is amortised over the Service Period. During the Reporting Period, the amortisation of the Brand Introduction Fee (other asset) of RMB0.6 million has been charged to profit or loss.

## Accounts and Other Receivables

The account receivables of the Group primarily consisted of balances due from social insurance funds, certain corporate customers and individual patients. As at 31 December 2022, accounts receivables decreased to RMB229.6 million (2021: RMB226.5 million), of which 73.2% (2021: 86.0%) were aged within 90 days. Average accounts receivables turnover days for the current year was 45.1 days (2021: 40.3 days). The increase in accounts receivables and increase in accounts receivable turnover days as primarily due to the increase in balance due from social insurance funds and other government authorities, and certain corporate customers. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had carried out credit assessment on its accounts receivables and a net provision of impairment loss of RMB4.2 million (2021: impairment loss of RMB2.9 million) has been charged to profit or loss during the Reporting Period.

The other receivables of the Group primarily consisted of prepayments to suppliers and others. As at 31 December 2022, other receivables increased to RMB54.0 million (2021: RMB44.0 million) and primarily due to (i) an increase in prepayments to suppliers to RMB19.3 million (2021: RMB13.3 million); and (ii) an increase in other receivables comprising prepayments to other non-trade suppliers, security deposits and other prepaid expenses mainly due to expansion of the Group's operations and purchases during the Reporting Period.

於報告期間，銀山資本已促使「 Artemed 」品 牌持有人與康心醫院簽訂商標使用許可協 議以獲得於中國內地使用 Artemed 品牌的非 獨家權利，本集團已向銀山資本支付人民幣 20.0 百萬元的品牌引入費並於本集團的綜合 財務狀況表內分類為其他資產。根據管理安 排，於若干情況下，銀山資本向康心醫院退 還部分所付品牌引入費，包括（其中包括） 倘康心醫院無法於履約期限（即完成向銀山 資本轉讓康心醫院的管理權後的翌月首日 起計的 12 個月期間）按協定的限額實現經審 核收益的增長。董事認為，支付品牌引入費 為服務期內與銀山資本就其服務的管理安 排一部分，引入德國醫療集團「 Artemed 」品 牌可為康心醫院的營運帶來長遠利益，因此， 品牌引入費於服務期內攤銷。於報告期間內， 品牌引入費（其他資產）攤銷人民幣 0.6 百萬 元已自損益內扣除。

## 應收賬款及其他應收款項

本集團的應收賬款主要包括應收社保基金、 若干公司客戶和個人病人的結餘。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日，應收賬款減少至 人民幣 229.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 226.5 百萬元） ，其中 73.2% （二零二一年： 86.0% ）的賬齡為 90 天內。本年度平均應收 賬款周轉天數為 45.1 天（二零二一年： 40.3 天） 。應收賬款增加及應收賬款周轉天數增 加主要是由於應收社保基金、其他政府機構 及若干公司客戶的結餘增加。於二零二二年 十二月三十一日，本集團對其應收賬款進行 信貸評估及減值虧損撥備淨額人民幣 4.2 百 萬元 （二零二一年：減值虧損人民幣 2.9 百萬 元） 已於報告期間自損益扣除。

本集團的其他應收款項主要包括對供應商的 預付款及其他。於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，其他應收款項增加至人民幣 54.0 百萬 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 44.0 百萬元） ，且主 要由於： (i) 對供應商的預付款增加至人民幣 19.3 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 13.3 百萬 元） ；及 (ii) 主要因報告期間擴大本集團營運 及採購導致其他應收款項（包括向其他非貿 易供應商的預付款項、保證金及其他預付開 支） 增加。

<!-- image -->

## Accounts and Other Payables and Provisions

The accounts and other payables and provisions of the Group primarily consisted of accounts payables, accrued expenses, receipt in advance, payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, provision for medical dispute claims, other tax payables and others. As at 31 December 2022, accounts and other payables and provisions increased to RMB717.8 million (2021: RMB633.4 million) primarily due to (i) an increase in accounts payable to RMB348.8 million (2021: RMB321.6 million) due to increase in purchases of supplies (in particular COVID-19 related supplies) during the Reporting Period; (ii) increase of accrued expenses to RMB106.2 million (2021: RMB98.2 million) mainly due to increase in operational and administrative charges and accrued staff costs; (iii) an increase in receipt in advance to RMB197.1 million (2021: RMB147.2 million) mainly due to an increase in temporary funds received from social security insurance fund; (iv)  an increase in payable for acquisition of property, plant and equipment to RMB36.6 million (2021: RMB30.6 million) due to increase in purchases of medical equipment and improvement works carried out at our facilities during the year; and (v) a decrease in provision for medical dispute claims to RMB1.2 million (2021: RMB1.9 million), comprising provision for the year of RMB2.4 million (2021: RMB2.3 million), reversal of provision for the year of RMB1.5 million (2021: RMB1.1 million) and utilisation of provision for the year of RMB1.6 million (2021: RMB2.2 million).

## Net Current Assets

As at 31 December 2022, the Group recorded net current assets of RMB289.6 million (2021: RMB347.4 million) and net assets position of RMB1,502.5 million (2021: RMB1,474.4 million).

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

應付賬款及其他應付款項以及撥備

本集團的應付賬款及其他應付款項以及撥 備主要包括應付賬款、應計開支、預收款項、 收購物業、廠房及設備應付款項、醫療糾紛 索賠撥備、其他應付稅項及其他。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日，應付賬款及其他應 付款項以及撥備增加至人民幣 717.8 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 633.4 百萬元） ，主要 由於： (i) 因報告期間物資（尤其是 COVID-19 相關物資）採購增加而導致應付賬款增至 人民幣 348.8 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 321.6 百萬元） ； (ii) 應計開支增加至人民幣 106.2 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 98.2 百萬 元） ，主要由於營運及行政費用以及應計員 工成本增加； (iii) 主要由於自社保基金獲得 的臨時資金增加使得預收款項增加至人民 幣 197.1 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 147.2 百 萬元） ； (iv) 收購物業、廠房及設備應付款項 增加至人民幣 36.6 百萬元（二零二一年：人 民幣 30.6 百萬元） ，是由於年內購買醫療設 備及我們的設施進行裝修工程增加；及 (v) 醫 療糾紛申索撥備減少至人民幣 1.2 百萬元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 1.9 百萬元） ，包括年內撥 備人民幣 2.4 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 2.3 百萬元） 、年內撥備撥回人民幣 1.5 百萬元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 1.1 百萬元）及年內撥備使 用人民幣 1.6 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 2.2 百萬元） 。

## 流動資產淨值

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團錄得 流動資產淨值人民幣 289.6 百萬元 （二零二一 年：人民幣 347.4 百萬元） 及淨資產狀況人民 幣 1,502.5 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 1,474.4 百萬元） 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

## Financial Resources

The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position with cash and cash equivalents of RMB264.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB237.3 million) and fixed bank deposits of nil as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB3.0 million). The Group continued to generate steady cash inflow from operations and coupled with sufficient cash and bank balances, in the opinion of the Directors, the Group will have adequate and sufficient liquidity and financial resources to meet the working capital requirement of the Group for at least the next twelve months following the end of the Reporting Period.

As at 31 December 2022, as part of the Group's cash management activities, the Group had investments (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) in aggregate of RMB572.4 million (2021: RMB603.3 million), primarily consisting of, (i) portfolio investment fund of RMB64.4 million (2021: RMB63.3 million), representing an investment fund, the underlying portfolio of which included a mixture of cash and shares that are primarily listed in Hong Kong. The portfolio investment fund was maintained by a discretionary fund manager and measured at fair value. As at 31 December 2022, the Group intended to hold such interest for long-term purposes and did not expect any immediate use of the portfolio investment fund in the short term. Thus, the portfolio investment fund is classified as non-current assets and measured at fair value. The Group may at its discretion redeem the fund subject to the relevant procedures, requirements and restrictions; (ii) a fund investment of RMB18.0 million (2021: RMB10.0 million). In 2021, the Group entered into a partnership agreement with two independent third parties for the establishment of a fund, namely, Guangdong Bosong Kanghua Equity Investment Partnership, L.P., a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC. The purpose of the fund is to achieve investment returns and capital appreciation through carrying out investment, investment management and other activities in accordance with PRC laws, business scope under business registration, and the partnership agreement. To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, the fund will invest primarily in the fields of medical services, biotechnology, medical equipment, and medical informatics. The initial term of the fund shall be seven years. As at 31 December 2022, the fund had made equity investments in two (2021: one) unlisted companies and the aggregate carrying amounts of the equity investments was RMB18.0 million (2021: RMB10.0 million), which were measured at fair values; and (iii) structured short-term bank deposits of RMB490.0 million (2021: RMB530.0 million), representing low-risk structured investment products issued by commercial banks in the PRC for variable investment returns. Majority of these structured deposits are with maturities of less than six months and the principal is generally renewed when matured.

## 流動資金及資本資源

財務資源

本集團繼續維持強勁的財務狀況，二零二二 年十二月三十一日現金及現金等價物為人民 幣 264.3 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 237.3 百萬元）及二零二二年十二月三十一日固定 銀行存款為零 （二零二一年：人民幣 3.0 百萬 元） 。本集團繼續從經營活動產生穩定的現 金流入，加上足夠的現金及銀行結餘，董事 認為，本集團將有足夠和充足的流動資金及 財務資源，以滿足本集團於報告期間結束後 至少未來十二個月的營運資金需求。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，作為本集 團現金管理活動的一部分，本集團作出投 資（分類為按公平值計入損益的金融資產） 合共人民幣 572.4 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民 幣 603.3 百萬元） ，主要包括： (i) 投資組合基 金人民幣 64.4 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 63.3 百萬元） ，即一種投資基金，其相關投 資組合包括現金及主要在香港上市的股份。 投資組合基金由全權委託基金經理維持，並 按公平值計量。於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，本集團擬長期持有有關權益並預期短 期內不會即時使用投資組合基金。因此，投 資組合基金被分類為非流動資產，並按公 平值計量。本集團可酌情贖回基金，惟須遵 守相關程序、規定及限制； (ii) 基金投資人民 幣 18.0 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 10.0 百 萬元） 。於二零二一年，本集團與兩名獨立 第三方就設立基金（即廣東鉑頌康華股權投 資合夥企業（有限合夥） ，一家根據中國法 律成立的有限合夥企業）訂立合夥協議。基 金目的是根據中國法律、商業登記項下的經 營範圍及合夥協議所允許的投資、投資管理 及其他活動，實現投資回報及資本增值。在 適用法律准許的範圍內，基金將主要投資於 醫療服務、生物科技、醫療器械及醫療信息 學等領域。基金的初始期限為七年。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日，基金已對兩間（二 零二一年：一間） 未上市公司作出股權投資， 且股權投資賬面總值為人民幣 18.0 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 10.0 百萬元） 並按公平 值計量；及 (iii) 結構性短期銀行存款人民幣 490.0 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 530.0 百 萬元） ，指由一家中國商業銀行發行的低風 險結構性投資產品以賺取可變投資回報。大 部份該等結構性存款的到期日少於六個月， 本金一般於到期時重續。

<!-- image -->

As part of the Group's cash management policy to manage excess cash, the Group purchases investment products from financial institutions to achieve higher interest income without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures. The Group carefully balances the risks and returns associated with the investment products when making the investment decisions. The senior management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing any decision of the Group to purchase investment products. The investment products should generally satisfy the following criteria, including (i) its term should generally not exceed one year; (ii) it should not interfere with the Group's business operations or capital expenditures; (iii) it should be issued by a reputable bank which the Group has a long-term relationship, preferably exceeding five years; and (iv) the underlying investment portfolio should generally be low risk.

## Cash Flow Analysis

The table below sets forth the information as extracted from the consolidated statement of cash flow of the Group for the years indicated:

作為本集團藉以管理超額現金的其中一項 現金管理政策，本集團在不影響正常業務運 作或資本支出的前提下，向金融機構購買理 財投資產品，以獲取更高的利息收益。本集 團在制定相關投資決策時，會謹慎衡量投資 產品的風險與收益。本集團高級管理層亦密 切參與本集團有關購買投資產品的一切相 關決策。投資產品須符合以下幾項標準，包 括 (i) 其收益週期一般不超過一年； (ii) 其將不 涉及本集團的正常業務運作或資本支出； (iii) 其應由與本集團有長期合作關係（一般超過 5 年）及具有良好信譽的銀行發行；及 (iv) 其 基礎投資組合通常應具低風險。

## 現金流量分析

下表載列從本集團於所示年度之綜合現金 流量表摘錄的資料：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Net cash flows from operating activities  經營活動所得現金淨額  221,404  333,369  Net cash flows used in investing activities  投資活動所用現金淨額  (83,159)  (299,332)  Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities  融資活動 （所用） ╱所得現金淨額  (110,880)  23,269  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物增加淨額  27,365  57,306   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net cash flows from operating activities

During the Reporting Period, the net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB221.4 million (2021: RMB333.4 million), representing a yearon-year decrease of 33.6%; the decrease was primarily attributable to our deteriorated performance in adjusted EBITDA for the Reporting Period. Changes in working capital included: (i) increase in inventories amounting to RMB2.8 million (2021: RMB27.2 million); (ii) increase in accounts and other receivables amounting to RMB16.9 million (2021: RMB23.1 million); and (iii) increase in accounts and other payables amounting to RMB77.2 million (2021: RMB126.4 million). Total income tax paid during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB51.6 million (2021: RMB54.8 million).

## 經營活動所得現金流量淨額

於報告期間，經營活動所得現金淨額為人民 幣 221.4 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 333.4 百萬元） ，按年計同比減少 33.6% ，該減少 主要歸因於我們於報告期間內經調整 EBITDA 的表現不佳。營運資金變動包括： (i) 存貨增 加至人民幣 2.8 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 27.2 百萬元） ； (ii) 應收賬款及其他應收款項 增加至人民幣 16.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人 民幣 23.1 百萬元） ；及 (iii) 應付賬款及其他應 付款項增加至人民幣 77.2 百萬元（二零二一 年：人民幣 126.4 百萬元） 。於報告期間已付 所得稅為人民幣 51.6 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 54.8 百萬元） 。

## Management Discussion and Analysis 管理層討論及分析

Net cash flows used in investing activities

During the Reporting Period, the net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB83.2 million (2021: RMB299.3 million), representing a year-on-year decrease of 72.2%. The decrease was primarily attributable to: (i) a decrease in purchase of property, plant and equipment to RMB93.8 million (2021: RMB149.4 million); (ii)  deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment to RMB21.4 million (2021: RMB21.8 million); (iii) a net decrease in financial assets at FVTPL; (iv) increase in investment income received from financial assets at FVTPL of RMB13.3 million (2021: RMB8.6 million); (v) payment of other asset (Brand Introduction Fee) of RMB20.0 million (2021: nil) during the Reporting Period; and (vi) acquisition of a subsidiary of RMB0.6 million (2021: nil).

Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities

During the Reporting Period, the net cash flows used in financing activities amounted to RMB110.9 million (2021: net cash flows from financing activities of RMB23.3 million) and primarily consists of: (i) no new bank loans raised during the Reporting Period (2021: new bank loan raised of RMB60.0 million); (ii) repayment of bank loans of RMB32.9 million (2021: RMB9.8 million); (iii) net repayments to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries of RMB23.1 million (2021: net advances of RMB31.1 million); (iv) repayments of principal portion of lease liabilities of RMB29.5 million (2021: RMB31.4 million); and (v) increase in interest paid amounting to RMB25.3 million (2021: RMB26.6 million).

## 投資活動所用現金流量淨額

於報告期間，投資活動所用現金淨額為人民 幣 83.2 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 299.3 百 萬元） ，按年計同比減少 72.2% 。減少主要歸 因於： (i) 購買物業、廠房及設備減少至人民 幣 93.8 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 149.4 百 萬元） ； (ii) 收購物業、廠房及設備已付按金 為人民幣 21.4 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 21.8 百萬元） ； (iii) 按公平值計入損益的金融 資產淨額減少； (iv) 自按公平值計入損益的 金融資產所得的投資收入增加人民幣 13.3 百 萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 8.6 百萬元） ； (v) 於報告期間支付其他資產（品牌引入費）人 民幣 20.0 百萬元 （二零二一年：零） ；及 (vi) 收 購附屬公司人民幣 0.6 百萬元 （二零二一年： 零） 。

## 融資活動 （所用） ╱所得現金流量淨額

於報告期間，融資活動所用現金流量淨額 為人民幣 110.9 百萬元（二零二一年：融資活 動所得現金流量淨額人民幣 23.3 百萬元） ， 且主要包括： (i) 於報告期間並無籌集新銀行 貸款（二零二一年：籌集新銀行貸款人民幣 60.0 百萬元） ； (ii) 償還銀行貸款人民幣 32.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 9.8 百萬元） ； (iii) 向附屬公司非控股股東償還款項淨額人 民幣 23.1 百萬元（二零二一年：墊款淨額人 民幣 31.1 百萬元） ； (iii) 償還租賃負債本金部 分人民幣 29.5 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 31.4 百萬元） ；及 (v) 已付利息增加人民幣 25.3 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民幣 26.6 百萬元） 。

<!-- image -->

## Significant Investment, Acquisition and Disposal

On 22 January 2022, the Group acquired a 57.7% equity interest in 合肥市愛 康慧健康管理有限公司 ('Hefei Aikanghui') from independent third parties at a cash consideration of RMB577,000. Hefei Aikanghui and its subsidiary 合肥市 愛康慧康復有限公司 (collectively referred to as the 'Hefei Aikanghui Group') were mainly engaged in providing home-based elderly rehabilitation and care services in Hefei. The transaction was completed on 22 January 2022. The book values of assets and liabilities of Hefei Aikanghui Group at the date of acquisition amounted to approximately RMB972,000 and non-controlling interest amounted to approximately RMB395,000. The Group did not record any goodwill from this acquisition. The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in Hefei Aikanghui Group at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the Hefei Aikanghui Group's identifiable net assets. Net cash outflow of RMB570,000 was derived by total cash consideration paid of RMB577,000 less cash acquired of RMB7,000.

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group had no significant investment, acquisition or disposal during the Reporting Period.

## Cash Management Activities

As part of the Group's cash management, the Group has from time to time purchased investment products (structured bank deposits) issued by a reputable PRC commercial bank with terms ranging from 7 days to 188 days and investment funds to achieve higher interest income without interfering with business operations or capital expenditures. The investment products are not rated by any credit rating agency but are classified as low-risk by the issuing bank and may involve liquid listed securities. The Group carefully balances the risks and returns associated with the investment products when making the investment decisions. The senior management of the Group is closely involved in scrutinizing any decision of the Group to purchase investment products. Furthermore, the Group has also invested in investment fund and equity investment fund for the purpose of generating long-term investment returns. It has been the strategy of the Group to explore new potential investments projects and capital market investments in order to diversify business risk as well as broaden income source and spectrum of the Group and eventually maximizing shareholders' values. The Company considers that these investment funds involve scopes that covers quality capital market stocks and high value-added health industries which are in line with PRC's development trajectories in the healthcare and technology space highly relevant to the Group's core business. The Directors consider that, through appropriate market screening of investment projects by the funds, they will in the long term be a reasonable investment of the Company and certain of which, may facilitate the Group's entry into the relevant healthcare space and establishing strategic cooperation with relevant players in the market.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

重大投資、收購及出售

於二零二二年一月二十二日，本集團以現金 代價人民幣 577,000 元向獨立第三方收購合 肥市愛康慧健康管理有限公司（ 「合肥愛康 慧」 ） 57.7% 的股權。合肥愛康慧及其附屬公 司合肥市愛康慧康復有限公司（統稱「合肥 愛康慧集團」 ）主要在合肥市從事提供居家 老年康復及護理服務。該交易已於二零二二 年一月二十二日完成。合肥愛康慧集團於收 購日期的資產及負債賬面值以及非控股權益 分別約為人民幣 972,000 元及人民幣 395,000 元。本集團並無自本次收購錄得任何商譽。 本集團已選擇按非控股權益於合肥愛康慧 集團可識別資產淨值中所佔的比例份額計 量合肥愛康慧集團的非控股權益。淨現金流 出人民幣 570,000 元通過已付總現金代價人 民幣 577,000 元減獲得的現金人民幣 7,000 元 得出。

除本年報所披露者外，本集團於報告期間內 並無任何重大投資、收購或出售。

現金管理活動

作為本集團現金管理的一部分，本集團不時 購買由一家聲譽良好的中國商業銀行發行 期限介乎 7 日至 188 日的投資產品 （結構性銀 行存款）及投資基金，在不影響業務運作或 資本開支的前提下，以獲取更高的利息收益。 投資產品未獲任何信貸評級機構評級，但由 發行銀行分類為低風險，及可能涉及流通上 市證券。本集團在制定相關投資決策時，會 謹慎衡量投資產品的風險與收益。本集團高 級管理層亦密切參與本集團有關購買投資 產品的一切相關決策。此外，本集團亦投資 於投資基金及股權投資基金，以賺取長期投 資回報。本集團的策略一直是探索新的潛在 投資項目及資本市場投資，以分散經營風險 及拓寬本集團收入來源，最終實現股東價值 最大化。本公司認為，該等投資基金涉及涵 蓋符合中國醫療健康領域發展軌跡且與本 集團核心業務高度相關的優質資本市場股 票及高附加值健康產業的範圍。董事認為， 通過基金對投資項目進行適當的市場篩選， 彼等將為本公司長期的合理投資，及其中若 干投資可促進本集團進入相關醫療領域並 與相關市場參與者建立戰略合作關係。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Capital Expenditure

The Group regularly makes capital expenditures to expand its operations, maintain its medical facilities and improve its operating efficiency. Capital expenditure primarily consists of purchases of property, plant and equipment. The capital expenditure of the Group during the Reporting Period was RMB168.0 million (2021: RMB169.3 million). The Group has financed its capital expenditure mainly through cash flows generated from operating activities and bank loans.

## USE OF PROCEED FROM THE INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

The Company's H shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 8 November 2016. The Company's net proceeds from the initial public offering of its H shares amounts to approximately RMB782.6 million (equivalently to approximately HK$874.9 million) after deducting underwriting commissions and all related expenses. The net proceeds from the initial public offering have been and will be utilised in accordance with the purposes set out in the Prospectus.

Up to 31 December 2022, of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, (i)  RMB78.3 million, representation approximately 10% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used as general working capital; (ii) RMB134.7 million, representing approximately 17.2% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used on expansion of our current operations and upgrading our hospital's facilities; and (iii) RMB158.8 million, representing approximately 20.3% of the net proceeds, has been utilised and used for acquisition and potential acquisition of businesses. As at 31 December 2022, out of the balance of the unutilised net proceeds of RMB410.8 million, part of such proceeds has been used to purchase certain financial products (classified as financial assets at FVTPL) to achieve higher interest income and capital return without interfering with our business operations or capital expenditures to earn better return on our excess cash balance, and the remaining balance has been kept at the bank accounts of the Group (included in bank balances and cash). As at the date of this report, the Company did not anticipate any material change to its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the Prospectus.

## 資本開支

本集團定期作出資本開支以擴大營運、維持 醫療設施並提高經營效率。資本開支主要 包括購買物業、廠房及設備。本集團於報告 期間的資本開支為人民幣 168.0 百萬元 （二零 二一年：人民幣 169.3 百萬元） 。本集團主要 通過經營活動所得現金流量及銀行貸款為 資本開支提供資金。

## 首次公開發售所得款項用途

本公司 H 股於二零一六年十一月八日於聯交 所上市。本公司於扣除包銷佣金及所有相關 費用後，首次公開發售 H 股所得款項淨額約 為人民幣 782.6 百萬元（相等於約 874.9 百萬 港元） 。首次公開發售所得款項淨額已按照 並將持續按照招股章程所載用途使用。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日，首次公開 發售所得款項淨額中 (i) 人民幣 78.3 百萬元 （佔 所得款項淨額約 10% ）已被動用並用於一般 營運資金； (ii) 人民幣 134.7 百萬元（佔所得款 項淨額約 17.2% ） 已被動用並用於擴大我們現 有業務及升級醫院設施；及 (iii) 人民幣 158.8 百萬元 （佔所得款項淨額約 20.3% ） 已被動用 並用於業務收購及潛在收購。於二零二二年 十二月三十一日，尚未動用之所得款項淨額 結餘為人民幣 410.8 百萬元，當中部分已被 用於購買若干金融產品（分類為按公平值計 入損益的金融資產） ，從而獲得較高的利息 收入及資本回報，又不會干擾業務營運或資 本開支並就我們的超額現金結餘賺取更好 的回報，且餘額乃存於本集團的銀行賬戶 （計 入銀行結餘及現金） 。於本年報日期，本公 司預計招股章程所述所得款項使用計劃不 會發生任何重大變動。

<!-- image -->

The following table sets forth the intended purposes for the net proceeds from the initial public offering, the utilisation of such proceeds and the timeline of utilisation estimated by the management:

下表載列首次公開發售所得款項淨額的擬 定用途，該等所得款項的動用情況及管理層 估計的動用期限：

| Purpose  Net proceeds  from the initial public  offering intended  for the purpose  as disclosed  in the Prospectus  (RMB million)  Utilisation up to  31 December 2022  (RMB million)  Unutilised amount  (RMB million)  Expected timeline  for the utilisation  of the unutilised  amount  Note  用途  招股章程所披露擬定  用途的首次公開發售  所得款項淨額  （人民幣百萬元）  截至二零二二年  十二月三十一日的  動用情況  （人民幣百萬元）  未動用金額  （人民幣百萬元）  使用未動用  金額的預期期限 附註  Expansion of the Group's current operations and  upgrading of hospital facilities  擴大本集團現有業務及升級醫院設施  70.4  8.5  61.9  By the end of  31 December 2023  於二零二三年十二月  三十一日前  Expansion of operating capacity and capability  in multi-disciplinary specialised treatment and  diagnosis and upgrade of medical facilities  擴大營運實力及多學科診治能力以及  升級醫療設施  281.7  126.2  155.5  By the end of  31 December 2023  於二零二三年十二月  三十一日前  Expansion of hospital management operations  擴大醫院管理營運  78.3  -  78.3  By the end of  31 December 2023  於二零二三年十二月  三十一日前  Expansion of healthcare operations in the PRC  through selective mergers and acquisitions  通過選擇性併購擴大於中國的醫療業務  273.9  158.8  115.1  By the end of  31 December 2023  於二零二三年十二月  三十一日前  Working capital and other general corporate  purposes  營運資金及其他一般公司用途  78.3  78.3  -  -  Total  總計  782.6  371.8  410.8   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  Such timeline is an estimation of the management only and is subject to change on account of the Group's operating conditions and market conditions from time to time. In particular, it should not be taken as an indication that any potential transaction is under negotiation and/or will materialise.

附註：

有關期限僅為管理層的估計及可視乎本集 團的營運狀況及不時的市況予以更改。尤 其是，其不應被視為任何潛在交易正在磋 商及╱或任何潛在交易將會落實的跡象。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## INDEBTEDNESS

## Bank Loans

In 2019, the Group obtained new bank loan facilities in the aggregate amount of RMB620.0 million for the purpose of funding the development of the Phase II  medical facility and financing the operations of Kangxin Hospital. Up to 31 December 2022, RMB345.4 million has been drawn down. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had secured bank loans of carrying amount of RMB280.9 million (2021: RMB310.8 million). The principal agreements underlying such bank loan facilities include the following:

- (i) a RMB420.0 million fixed asset facility agreement ( 固定資產借款合 同 )  with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Chongqing Jiangbei Branch, pursuant to which RMB169.4 million was drawn down in year 2019, RMB50.0 million was drawn down in year 2020 and RMB60.0 million was drawn down in year 2021. The bank loan carried an interest rate at the benchmark lending rate offered by the People's Bank of China (adjusted annually from the drawn down date) and is secured by shares pledged over the entire equity in Kangxin Hospital held by the Company and its non-controlling shareholder. As at 31 December 2022, the effective interest rate of the secured bank loan is 5.81% (2021: 5.72%) per annum. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the borrowing in respect of such arrangement amounted to RMB243.0 million (2021: RMB265.2 million); and

## 債項

銀行貸款

二零一九年本集團獲得新銀行貸款融資合 共人民幣 620.0 百萬元，以為康心醫院二期 醫療設施的發展提供資金及運營撥資。截至 二零二二年十二月三十一日已提取人民幣 345.4 百萬元。於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，本集團取得銀行貸款賬面值人民幣 280.9 百萬元（二零二一年：人民幣 310.8 百 萬元） 。有關銀行貸款融資的主要合同包括 以下各項：

- (i) 與中國工商銀行股份有限公司重慶江 北分行訂立的人民幣 420.0 百萬元的 固定資產借款合同，據此，二零一九 年已提取人民幣 169.4 百萬元、二零 二零年已提取人民幣 50.0 百萬元及二 零二一年已提取人民幣 60.0 百萬元。 銀行貸款利率按中國人民銀行提供 的貸款基準利率計算，自提取日期起 每年進行調整，以及銀行貸款以本公 司及其非控股股東持有的康心醫院 全部股權的股份作抵押。於二零二二 年十二月三十一日，有抵押銀行貸款 的實際年利率為 5.81% （二零二一年： 5.72% ） 。於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，有關安排所涉借款的賬面值為人 民幣 243.0 百萬元 （二零二一年：人民 幣 265.2 百萬元） ；及

<!-- image -->

(ii)

a RMB200.0 million financial leasing agreement ( 融資租賃合同 )  with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., Ltd., pursuant to which, up to 31 December 2021, RMB66.0 million has been drawn down. The loan carried an interest rate at the benchmark lending rate offered by the People's Bank of China plus 5%, which was fixed at the drawn down date. This agreement involves a sale and lease back arrangement over certain medical equipment assets of Kangxin Hospital, pursuant to which such assets have been transferred to the lender and leased back to Kangxin Hospital, with an option exercisable by Kangxin Hospital to purchase the assets at a nominal consideration upon the maturity of the lease. Despite that such arrangement assumes the legal form of a lease, the Group retains effective control over such assets; thus, the Group accounted for such arrangement as a secured loan at amortised cost at an effective interest rate of 6.74% (2021: 6.74%) per annum and repayable in quarterly variable instalments until September 2027. In addition, such assets have been pledged to the lender as security throughout the loan period. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the borrowing in respect of such arrangement amounted to RMB37.9 million (2021: RMB45.6 million). As at 31 December 2022, the property, plant and equipment with net book value of RMB21.0 million (2021: RMB32.2 million) had been pledged to secure the banking facility granted.

In connection with the bank loan facilities above, certain of our controlling shareholders, a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary and a related company controlled by certain of our controlling shareholders provided guarantees and undertakings in favour of the relevant lender. The financial assistance provided by certain of our controlling shareholders is exempted from the connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules by virtue of Rule 14A.90 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

與工銀金融租賃有限公司訂立的人 民幣 200.0 百萬元的融資租賃合同， 據此，直至二零二一年十二月三十一 日已提取人民幣 66.0 百萬元。該貸款 的利率在提取日已固定，為中國人民 銀行所報貸款基準利率加 5% 。該合 同涉及有關康心醫院若干醫療設備 資產的售後租回安排，據此，相關資 產已轉讓予借方並回租予康心醫院， 康心醫院可選擇性按租賃到期時的 名義代價購買該資產。儘管該項安排 以租賃的合法形式進行，惟本集團仍 保有該等資產的實際控制權。因此， 本集團將該項安排視為一項有抵押 貸款，按攤銷成本計量，實際年利率 為 6.74% （二零二一年： 6.74% ） ，直至 二零二七年九月可按季度分期償還。 此外，相關資產已於貸款期間抵押予 借方作為一項擔保。於二零二二年 十二月三十一日，有關安排所涉借款 的賬面值為人民幣 37.9 百萬元（二零 二一年：人民幣 45.6 百萬元） 。於二 零二二年十二月三十一日，賬面淨值 為人民幣 21.0 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 32.2 百萬元）的物業、廠房及 設備已抵押作所授出銀行融資的擔保。

(ii)

就上述銀行貸款融資而言，我們的若干名控 股股東、一間附屬公司的一名非控股股東及 我們多名控股股東所控制的一間關聯公司 已提供以相關借方為受益人的擔保及承諾。 根據香港上市規則第 14A.90 條，若干名控制 股東提供的財務資助豁免遵守香港上市規 則第 14A 章項下的關連交易規定。

## Management Discussion and Analysis

管理層討論及分析

## Contingent Liabilities

The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business primarily arising from medical disputes brought by patients. Provision for medical disputes is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding as at the end of the relevant period, and primarily taking into account any judicial appraisal or court determination against the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the total stated claim amount of the Group's on-going medical disputes was approximately RMB14.0 million (2021: RMB7.5 million) and there were certain medical disputes without claim amount stated. Based on the Group's assessment, as at 31 December 2022, approximately RMB1.2 million (2021: RMB1.9 million) had been provided and included in accounts and other payables and provision of the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had no contingent liabilities or guarantees that would have a material impact on the financial position or operation of the Group.

## Pledge of Assets

As at 31 December 2022, certain property, plant and equipment of the Group with net book value of RMB21.0 million (2021: RMB32.2 million) had been pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group.

## Capital Commitments

The capital commitments of the Group were primarily attributable to construction costs relating to the expansion and renovation of the Group's medical facilities. As at 31 December 2022, the capital commitments in respect of property, plant and equipment contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial statements were RMB262.5 million (2021: RMB149.6 million).

## Financial Instruments

The Group's financial instruments primarily consisted of accounts and other receivables, financial assets at FVTPL, fixed bank deposits, bank balances and cash, restricted bank balances, accounts and other payables, amounts due to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries, bank loans and lease liabilities. The management of the Company manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## 或然負債

本集團受制於法律訴訟及於日常業務過程中 由病人提出的醫療糾紛索賠。醫療糾紛的撥 備是根據有關期間結束時可能和尚未了結 的進行中索賠個案狀況而作出，主要考慮本 集團將面臨的任何司法判決或法院裁決。於 二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團尚未了 結的醫療糾紛索賠總額約為人民幣 14.0 百萬 元（二零二一年：人民幣 7.5 百萬元） ，而有 部份醫療糾紛未有列明索賠金額。根據本集 團作出的評估，於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，本集團已作出約人民幣 1.2 百萬元 （二零 二一年：人民幣 1.9 百萬元）的撥備，並計入 本集團的應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥備中。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團並無 可能對本集團財務狀況及營運產生重大影 響的或然負債或擔保。

## 資產抵押

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團賬面 值淨額為人民幣 21.0 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 32.2 百萬元）的若干物業、廠房及設 備已抵押作向本集團授出的銀行融資的擔保。

## 資本承擔

本集團的資本承擔主要歸因於與本集團醫 療設施擴建及翻新有關的建築成本。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日，本集團已訂約但未 於綜合財務報表撥備之物業、廠房及設備的 資本承擔為人民幣 262.5 百萬元（二零二一 年：人民幣 149.6 百萬元） 。

## 金融工具

本集團的金融工具主要包括應收賬款及其 他應收款項、按公平值計入損益的金融資產、 定期銀行存款、銀行結餘及現金、受限制銀 行結餘、應付賬款及其他應付款項、應付附 屬公司非控股股東的款項、銀行貸款及租賃 負債。本公司管理層管理和監控這些風險承 擔，以確保及時有效地採取適當措施。

<!-- image -->

## Exposure to Fluctuation in Exchange Rates

The proceeds of raised by the Company in its initial public offering of its H Shares is denominated in Hong Kong dollars. The Group deposits certain of its financial assets in Hong Kong dollars, and is mainly exposed to fluctuation in exchange rates of Hong Kong dollars against RMB. The Group is therefore exposed to foreign exchange risk.

The Group has not used any derivatives financial instruments to hedge against its exposure to currency risk. The management manages the currency risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should such need arise.

## Gearing Ratio

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's gearing ratio (total interest-bearing bank loans divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%) was 18.7% (2021: 21.0%).

## Employment Related Matters

As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed a total of 3,848 (2021:3,607) employees. Staff costs (excluding directors' and supervisors' emoluments) amounted to approximately RMB620.3 million (2021: RMB564.7 million) for the Reporting Period. The Group endeavours to ensure that the compensation level of its employees remains competitive and in line with market conditions and its employees are appropriately rewarded based on their performance within the general framework of the Group's salary and bonus system. In relation to staff training, the Group also provides different types of programs for its staff to improve their skills and develop their respective expertise.

## 匯率波動風險

本公司 H 股首次公開發售所募集的所得款項 以港元計值。本集團以港元存放部份金融資 產，主要受港元兌人民幣匯率波動的影響。 因此，本集團面臨外匯風險。

本集團並未應用任何衍生金融工具對沖其 貨幣風險承擔。管理層通過密切監測外幣匯 率的變動來管理貨幣風險，並將考慮在有需 要時就重大外幣承擔進行對沖。

## 資產負債比率

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團之資 產負債比率（計息銀行貸款總額除以總權益 並乘以 100% ） 為 18.7% （二零二一年： 21.0% ） 。

## 僱傭相關事宜

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集團僱用 合共 3,848 名 （二零二一年： 3,607 名） 僱員。 於報告期間，員工成本（不包括董事及監事 酬金）約人民幣 620.3 百萬元（二零二一年： 人民幣 564.7 百萬元） 。本集團致力於確保維 持具競爭力的僱員薪酬水平並與市場狀況 保持一致並確保在本集團工資及獎金制度 的整體架構內僱員的表現獲得適當的獎勵。 有關員工培訓方面，本集團亦為員工提供各 種類型的培訓課程，以提升彼等的技術及發 展彼等各自的專長。

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

The Board is pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Group is principally engaged in the operation of private hospitals, provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services, provision of elderly healthcare services and sales of pharmaceutical products in the PRC.

Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the Company are set out in Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The description of principal risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing, a fair review of the Group's business during the year, and the probable future business development of the Group are provided in the Corporate Governance Report and the Management Discussion and Analysis section on pages 83 to 104 and on pages 14 to 59 respectively of this annual report. Also, the financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group can be found in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group's performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is provided in the Financial Highlights on pages 4 to 5 and Financial Summary on page 289 of this annual report respectively. In addition, discussions on the relationships with its staff, customers and suppliers is also contained in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report section on pages 105 to 153 of this annual report. Discussions on the Group's environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group are contained in this annual report on page 61.

董事會欣然提呈本年報以及本集團截至二 零二二年十二月三十一日止年度的經審核 綜合財務報表。

## 主要業務

本集團主要在中國從事經營私營醫院，提供 康復及其他醫療服務、提供老年醫療服務及 銷售藥品。

本公司主要附屬公司的主要業務詳情載於 綜合財務報表附註 40 。

## 業務回顧

有關本集團可能面對之主要風險及不確定 因素之描述、本集團年內業務之中肯審視及 本集團之可能日後業務發展分別載於本年 報第 83 至 104 頁之企業管治報告及第 14 至 59 頁之管理層討論及分析一節。此外，本集團 金融風險管理目標及政策可於綜合財務報表 附註 38 閱覽。應用財務關鍵表現指標之本 集團年內表現分析分別載於本年報第 4 至 5 頁之財務概覽及本年報第 289 頁之財務概要。 此外，有關本公司與其員工、客戶及供應商 之關係之討論亦載於本年報第 105 至 153 頁 之環境、社會及管治報告一節。有關本集團 環境政策以及遵守對本集團有重要影響之 相關法例及規例之討論則載於本年報第 61 頁。

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The Group is subject to national and local environmental laws and regulations in the PRC, including with respect to hospital sanitation, diseases control, medical wastes management, and discharge of wastewater, pollutants and radioactive substances. The Group is conscious of its environmental protection obligations and is committed to the sustainable development of the environment and society. The Group has established internal rules regarding environmental protection and actively seeks to implement ecofriendly technologies and clinical environment where feasible. The Group believes that it has maintained good relationship with the communities. With respect to medical wastes management, the Group has engaged qualified third parties to arrange proper disposal for all of its hospitals in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

To the best of the Group's knowledge, during the year ended 31 December 2022 the Group had complied with the applicable environment laws and regulations in the PRC in all material respects.

Please refer to pages from 105 to 153 of this annual report for the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company prepared in compliance with the provisions set out in the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

There was no incident of non-compliance with relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on the Group during the Reporting Period.

## FINANCIAL RESULTS

The Group's financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 175 of this annual report.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 8 November 2016. The Company's net proceeds from the initial public offering amounted to approximately RMB782.6 million (equivalent to HK$874.9 million) after deducting underwriting commissions and all related expenses. As of the date of this annual report, the Company did not anticipate any material change to its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the Prospectus.

For a description of the utilisation of the proceeds from the initial public offering, please refer to pages 54 to 55 of this annual report.

## 環境保護

本集團遵守中國國家和地方環境法律及法規， 包括醫院衛生、疾病控制、醫療廢物管理、 污水、污染物和放射性物質的排放。本集團 意識到其環境保護的義務，致力於環境與社 會的可持續發展。本集團已制定環境保護的 內部規定，並積極要求在可行的情況下實施 環保技術和臨床環境。本集團認為，其與社 區維持良好關係。在醫療廢物管理方面，本 集團已聘請合資格第三方按照適用的法律 及法規為其所有醫院進行妥善處置。

據本集團所知，截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日止年度，本集團在所有重大方面均 符合中國適用環境法律及法規。

本公司根據香港上市規則附錄二十七環境、 社會及管治報告指引所載條文編製的環境、 社會及管治報告請參閱本年報第 105 至 153 頁。

## 遵守相關法律和法規

報告期間，本集團無發生不遵守法律和法規 的事項，對其造成重大影響。

## 財務業績

本集團截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止 年度的財務業績載於本年報第 175 頁的綜合 損益及其他全面收益表。

## 首次公開發售所得款項用途

本公司 H 股於二零一六年十一月八日在香港 聯交所主板上市。本公司首次公開發售所得 款項淨額扣除包銷佣金及所有相關費用後 約為人民幣 782.6 百萬元（相等於 874.9 百萬 港元） 。截至本年報日期，本公司並無預期 對招股章程所指所得款項的使用計劃發生 任何重大變更。

有關首次公開發售所得款項用途的描述，請 參照本年報第 54 至 55 頁。

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

## DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the distribution of a final dividend for the year.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and Note 39 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively. At 31 December 2022, the Company had distributable reserve available for distribution of RMB131,206,000 (2021: no distributable reserve available for distribution).

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group has a highly diversified customer portfolio, including individual patients as well as business corporations and government administrations who purchase healthcare services for their employees. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's largest customer or the five largest customers in aggregate contributed to less than 1% of the Group's total revenue.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group's largest supplier and the five largest suppliers in aggregate contributed to approximately 27.1% and 67.3%, respectively, of the Group's total purchases, including pharmaceuticals, medical consumables, medical equipment, construction and renovation services, electricity supply and non-healthcare related ancillary management services ('Total Purchases'). The Group's largest supplier, Dongguan Yuheng Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市裕恒醫藥有限公司 )  ('Yuheng'), accounted for approximately 27.1% of the Group's Total Purchases. Yuheng has been an Independent Third Party during the Reporting Period. Yuheng is a wholesaler of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment primarily to hospitals in the PRC. The Group's relationship with Yuheng began in 2010. The Group has a long term agreement that does not impose any minimum purchasing commitment on the Group and the Group may place orders with Yuheng at its own discretion. The pricing of the relevant products is determined at the time the relevant order is placed with reference to market price. The agreement sets out the framework of delivery, settlement, inspection and quality control, product defects, compensation arrangements for delivery failure, medical equipment training, packaging and warranty. The agreement is for an indefinite period but the Group may terminate it  if  Yuheng commits a material breach or fails to deliver the relevant products within a prescribed period. The Group has a 90-days credit period with Yuheng.

## 股息

董事會不建議派發本年度之末期股息。

## 股本

本公司於報告期間的股本變動詳情載於綜 合財務報表附註 26 。

## 儲備

本集團與本公司於報告期間的儲備變動詳情 分別載於綜合權益變動表及綜合財務報表 附註 39 。於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本 公司可分派儲備供分派為人民幣 131,206,000 元（二零二一年：並無可分派儲備可用於分 派） 。

## 物業、廠房及設備

於報告期間本集團物業、廠房及設備的變動 詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 14 。

## 主要客戶及供應商

本集團的客戶組合高度多元化，包括個人病 人以及為僱員購買醫療服務的商業公司和 政府部門。截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度，本集團最大客戶或五大客戶合計對 本集團總收益的貢獻少於 1% 。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度，本 集團最大的供應商和五大供應商合計分別 佔本集團採購總額約 27.1% 和 67.3% ，其中包 括藥品、醫療耗材、醫療設備、建築及裝修 服務、電力供應和非醫療相關輔助管理服務 （ 「總採購」 ） 。本集團最大的供應商東莞市裕 恒醫藥有限公司（ 「裕恒」 ） 佔本集團總採購 額約 27.1% 。於報告期間，裕恒一直為獨立 第三方。裕恒是中國醫院的主要藥品和醫療 設備批發商。本集團與裕恒的關係始於二零 一零年。本集團有長期協議，不對本集團施 加任何最低採購承諾，本集團可自行決定向 裕恒下達訂單。相關產品的定價在相關訂單 發出時參照市場價格釐定。協議載列交貨、 結算、檢驗和質量控制、產品缺陷、交貨失 敗賠償安排、醫療設備培訓、包裝和保修的 框架。協議無限期，倘裕恒發生重大違規或 未能在規定期限內交付相關產品，本集團可 以終止協議。裕恒給予本集團 90 天的信貸期。

<!-- image -->

None of the Directors, the Supervisors or any of their respective close associates (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules), or any Shareholders, which to the knowledge of the Directors, direct or indirect own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital has any interests in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## DONATIONS

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the charitable contributions and other donations made by the Group amounted to approximately RMB0.2 million in aggregate.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company's principal subsidiaries as of 31 December 2022 are set out in Note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS

## Report of the Board

董事會報告

概無董事、監事或彼等之任何緊密聯繫人 （定 義見香港上市規則）或就董事所知擁有本公 司已發行股本 5% 以上的任何股東直接或間 接擁有本集團截至二零二二年十二月三十一 日止年度的五大客戶或供應商的任何權益。

## 捐款

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度，本 集團作出慈善捐款及其他捐款合計約人民 幣 0.2 百萬元。

## 附屬公司

本公司截至二零二二年十二月三十一日的主 要附屬公司詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 40 。

## 董事

於報告期間直至本年報日期的董事如下：

執行董事

王君揚先生 （主席）

陳旺枝先生 （行政總裁）

王偉雄先生 （副主席）

王愛勤女士

非執行董事

呂玉波先生

獨立非執行董事

楊銘澧先生

陳可冀醫生

陳星能先生

## 監事

於報告期間直至本年報日期的監事如下：

陳少明先生 （監事會主席）

王少鋒先生

岳春陽先生

The Directors during the Reporting Period up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Junyang  (Chairman) Mr. Chen Wangzhi  (Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Wong Wai Hung  (Vice Chairman) Ms. Wang Aiqin

Non-executive Director

Mr. Lv Yubo

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yeung Ming Lai

Dr. Chen Keji

Mr. Chan Sing Nun

## SUPERVISORS

The Supervisors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Mr. Chen Shaoming (Chairman of the Supervisory Committee) Mr. Wang Shaofeng Mr. Yue Chunyang

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements, no transaction, arrangement or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, was a party and in which a Director or a Supervisor, or any entity connected with any Director or Supervisor, had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as of 31 December 2022 or at any time during the Reporting Period.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements, none of the Controlling Shareholders has or had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance, whether for the provision of services or otherwise, to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.

## NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT

Pursuant to the Non-Competition Agreement, the Controlling Shareholders have undertaken that they will not, and will also procure their respective close associate(s) (as appropriate) (other than the Group) not to, either directly or indirectly, compete with the Group's principal business (which is primarily to provide hospital services) and granted to the Group the option for new business opportunities, option for acquisitions and pre-emptive rights. During the Reporting Period, the Company did not receive any Offer Notice (as defined under the section headed 'Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders' in the Prospectus) from the Controlling Shareholders.

The Company has received confirmations from the Controlling Shareholders confirming their compliance with the Non-Competition Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 for disclosure in this annual report. The independent non-executive Directors have also reviewed the Controlling Shareholders' compliance with the Non-Competition Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 董事及監事於重大交易、安排或合 約中的權益

除綜合財務報表附註 33 所披露者外，概無 董事或監事、或任何董事或監事的任何關連 實體就本公司或其任何控股公司、附屬公 司或同系附屬公司截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日或報告期間任何時間存在的任何 重大交易、安排或合約直接或間接擁有重大 權益。

## 控股股東於重大合約中的權益

除綜合財務報表附註 33 所披露者外，無控 股股東於對本集團業務屬重大（不論提供服 務或其他）由本公司或其任何附屬公司於報 告期間作為一方訂立的任何重大合約直接 或間接擁有重大權益。

## 不競爭協議

根據不競爭協議，控股股東已承諾彼等將不 會並將會促使其緊密聯繫人（如適用） （本集 團除外）不會直接或間接與本集團的主要業 務（主要是提供醫院服務）競爭，並授予本 集團新業務機會的選擇權，收購選擇權及優 先購買權。於報告期間，本公司並無從控股 股東接獲任何要約通知 （定義見招股章程 「與 我們控股股東的關係」 一節） 。

本公司已收到控股股東確認，其於截至二零 二二年十二月三十一日止年度遵守不競爭 協議的確認書，以供於本年報披露。獨立非 執行董事亦已審閱控股股東截至二零二二 年十二月三十一日止年度遵守不競爭協議。

<!-- image -->

## EMOLUMENTS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details of the Directors' emoluments and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

Mr. Lv Yubo has waived emoluments in acting as a non-executive Director. No other Director has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Reporting Period.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective associates (as defined under the Hong Kong Listing Rules) had engaged in or had any interest in nay business which competes or may compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance for its Directors, Supervisors  and senior management. The permitted indemnity provisions are set out in such liability insurance.

Save as disclosed above, no permitted indemnity provision was made by the Company during the Reporting Period and no permitted indemnity provision was in force as at the date of this annual report.

## 董事酬金及五位最高薪人士

董事酬金以及五位最高薪人士的詳情載於 綜合財務報表附註 9 及 10 。

呂玉波先生已放棄擔任非執行董事的酬金。 於報告期間，概無其他董事已放棄或同意放 棄任何酬金。

## 董事於競爭業務中之權益

於報告期間，概無董事或彼等各自之聯繫人 （定義見香港上市規則）從事任何與本集團 業務直接或間接構成競爭或可能構成競爭 的業務，或於其中擁有任何權益。

## 獲准許之彌償條文

本公司已為董事、監事及高級管理人員購買 適當的責任保險。獲准許的彌償條文的規定 載於該等責任保險內。

除上述披露外，本公司於報告期間並無作出 任何獲准許的彌償條文，且於本年報日期， 概無任何獲准許的彌償條文生效。

## DIRECTORS', SUPERVISORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

As of 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors, the Supervisors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she is keen to taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or as recorded in the registered maintained by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

## (a) The Company

## 董事、監事及最高行政人員於證券 之權益

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日，本公司董 事、監事及最高行政人員於本公司或其任何 相聯法團（定義見證券及期貨條例第 XV 部） 之股份、相關股份及債權證中擁有根據證券 及期貨條例第 XV 部第 7 及第 8 分部須知會本 公司及香港聯交所的權益及淡倉（包括彼等 根據證券及期貨條例之該等條文被視為或 被當作擁有的權益及淡倉） ，或須列入由本 公司按證券及期貨條例第 352 條存置之登記 冊內，或根據標準守則須知會本公司及香港 聯交所的權益及淡倉如下：

(a) 本公司

| Name of Director  董事姓名  Class of Shares  股份類別  Nature of interest  權益性質  Number  of Shares  股份數目  Approximate  percentage in  Shares of the  same class (6)  相同類別  股份所佔  概約百分比  (6)  Approximate  percentage of  the Company's  total issued  share capital  (6)  佔本公司  已發行股本  總額  概約百分比  (6)  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an  agreement regarding interest  in the Company (1)  ; interest in a  controlled corporation  (2)  有關於本公司權益的協議  作為權益的一方  (1)  ；於受  控制法團的權益  (2)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Mr. Chen Wangzhi  陳旺枝先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an  agreement regarding interest  in the Company (1)  ; interest in a  controlled corporation  (3)  ; family  interest of spouse  (4)  有關於本公司權益的協議  作為權益的一方  (1)  ；於受控制  法團的權益  (3)  ；配偶的家族權  益  (4)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an  agreement regarding interest  in the Company (1)  ; interest in a  controlled corporation  (3)  ; family  interest of spouse  (4)  有關於本公司權益的協議  作為權益的一方  (1)  ；於受控制  法團的權益  (3)  ；配偶的家族權  益  (4)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  王偉雄先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest in a controlled  corporation  (5)  於受控制法團的權益  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) Pursuant to a concert party agreement, each of Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin has agreed to jointly control their respective interests in the Company and the decisions as to the business and operations of the Group shall be in accordance with the unanimous consent of all of them. Therefore, each of them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate by virtue of the SFO.
- (2) Kanghua Group (held as to 97.46% by Mr. Wang Junyang) held 197,500,000 Domestic Shares and Xingye Group (held as to 50.0% by Mr. Wang Junyang) held 25,000,000 Domestic Shares. As Mr. Wang Junyang controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of each of Kanghua Group and Xingye Group, Mr. Wang Junyang is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which each of Kanghua Group and Xingye Group is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (3) Xingda Property (held as to 50.0% each by Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin) held 27,500,000 Domestic Shares. As each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingda Property, each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Xingda Property is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (4) As Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin are husband and wife, each of them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate by virtue of the SFO.
- (5) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International (as defined below), which in turns holds 100% in Weishun Property (as defined below), which in turns holds 100% in Kangwei Industrial (as defined below), which in turns holds 48.0% in Xingye Group. Xingye Group held 25,000,000 Domestic Shares. As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingye Group, Mr. Wong Wai Hung is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Xingye Group is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (6) The shareholding percentages are calculated on the basis of 250,000,000 Domestic Shares and 84,394,000 H Shares issued by the Company as of 31 December 2022.

附註：

- (1) 根據一項一致行動協議，王君揚先生、 王愛慈女士、陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女 士均同意共同控制其各自於本公司 的權益，而就本集團業務及營運的決 定應當作上述人士一致同意。因此， 基於證券及期貨條例，上述各方視為 於其持有的所有股份擁有權益。
- (2) 康華集團（王君揚先生持有 97.46% ） 持有 197,500,000 股內資股，而興業 集團（王君揚先生持有 50.0% ）持有 25,000,000 股內資股。由於王君揚先 生於康華集團及興業集團各自的股 東大會上控制超過三分之一的投票 權，基於證券及期貨條例，王君揚先 生被視為於康華集團及興業集團各 自擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
- (3) 興達物業（陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士 分別各自持有 50.0% ） 持有 27,500,000 股內資股。由於陳旺枝先生及王愛勤 女士在興達物業的股東大會上控制 超過三分之一的投票權，基於證券及 期貨條例，陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士 被視為於興達物業擁有的相同數目 股份擁有權益。
- (4) 由於陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士為夫 婦，故基於證券及期貨條例，其均被 視為於其所合共持有的所有股份中 擁有權益。
- (5) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際（定義見下 文） 34.0% ，而浩亨國際持有偉順物 業（定義見下文） 100% ，而偉順物業 持有康偉實業（定義見下文） 100% ， 而康偉實業持有興業集團 48.0% 。興 業集團持有 25,000,000 股內資股。由 於王偉雄先生於興業集團的股東大 會上控制超過三分之一的投票權，基 於證券及期貨條例，王偉雄先生被視 為於興業集團擁有的相同數目股份 擁有權益。
- (6) 持股比例以本公司截至二零二二年 十二月三十一日發行的 250,000,000 股內資股及 84,394,000 股 H 股計算。

(b) Associated corporations of the Company

(b) 本公司相聯法團

| 附註：  - (1) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際（定義見下 文） 34.0% ，而浩亨國際持有偉順物 業（定義見下文） 100% ，而偉順物業 持有康偉實業（定義見下文） 100% ， 而康偉實業持有興業集團 48.0% 。由 於王偉雄先生於康偉實業的股東大 會上控制超過三分之一的投票權，基 於證券及期貨條例，王偉雄先生被視 為於康偉實業擁有的興業集團的相 同權益擁有權益。  Name of Director  董事姓名  Associated corporation  相聯法團  Nature of interest  權益性質  Approximate  percentage interest  in the associated  corporation  佔相聯法團  權益概約百分比  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  Kanghua Group  康華集團  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  97.46%  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  Xingye Group  興業集團  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  50.0%  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  王偉雄先生  Xingye Group  興業集團  Interest in a controlled corporation  (1)  於受控制法團的權益  (1)  48.0%  Mr. Chen Wangzhi  陳旺枝先生  Xingda Property  興達物業  Beneficial owner; family interest of spouse  實益擁有人；配偶的家族權益  100%  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  Xingda Property  興達物業  Beneficial owner, family interest of spouse  實益擁有人；配偶的家族權益  100%  Note:  (1) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International (as defined below), which in turns holds 100% in Weishun Property (as defined below), which in turns holds 100% in Kangwei Industrial (as defined below), which in turns holds 48.0% in Xingye Group. As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Kangwei Industrial, Mr. Wong Wai Hung is deemed to be interested in the same amount of interest in Xingye Group in which Kangwei Industrial is interested by virtue of the SFO.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, to the knowledge of the Board, none of the Directors, the Supervisors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be (i) notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which the Directors, the Supervisors and chief executive of the Company were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (ii) recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

除上文所披露者外，截至二零二二年十二 月三十一日，據董事會所知，概無本公司董 事、監事或行政總裁於本公司或其任何相聯 法團（定義見證券及期貨條例第 XV 部）之股 份、相關股份及債權證中擁有 (i) 根據證券及 期貨條例第 XV 部第 7 及第 8 分部須知會本公 司及香港聯交所的權益及淡倉（包括本公司 董事、監事及行政總裁根據證券及期貨條例 之該等條文被視為或被當作擁有的權益及 淡倉） ； (ii) 須列入由本公司按證券及期貨條 例第 352 條存置之登記冊內的權益及淡倉； 或 (iii) 根據標準守則須知會本公司及香港聯 交所的權益及淡倉。

<!-- image -->

## INTERESTS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

As of 31 December 2022, according to the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and so far is known to, or can be ascertained after reasonable enquiry by the Directors, the following person/entity had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or be directly and indirectly interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote on all circumstances at general meetings of the Company:

## (a) Interests in the Shares of the Company

## 主要股東的權益

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日，按照本公 司根據證券及期貨條例第 336 條存置的登記 冊，及據目前為止已知或可經向董事作出合 理查詢後確定，以下人士╱實體於股份及相 關股份中擁有權益或淡倉根據證券及期貨 條例第 XV 部第 2 及 3 分部之條文須向本公司 及香港聯交所披露，或直接或間接擁有於本 公司股東大會上在任何情況下有權投票的 任何類別股本中面值 5% 或以上的權益：

## (a) 於本公司股份的權益

| Name  姓名╱名稱  Class of Shares  股份類別  Nature of interest  權益性質  Number  of Shares  股份數目  Approximate  percentage in  Shares of the  same class  (8)  相同類別  股份所佔  概約百分比  (8)  Approximate  percentage of  the Company's  total issued  share capital  (8)  佔本公司  已發行股本  總額  概約百分比  (8)  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an agreement  regarding interest in the Company  (1)  ;  interest in a controlled corporation  (2)  有關於本公司權益的協議作為權益  的一方  (1)  ；於受控制法團的權益  (2)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Ms. Wang Aici  王愛慈女士  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an agreement  regarding interest in the Company  (1)  有關於本公司權益的協議作為權益  的一方  (1)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Kanghua Group  康華集團  Domestic Shares  內資股  Beneficial owner  (2)  實益擁有人  (2)  197,500,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  79%  59.06%  Mr. Chen Wangzhi  陳旺枝先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an agreement  regarding interest in the Company  (1)  ;  interest in a controlled corporation  (3)  ;  family interest of spouse  (4)  有關於本公司權益的協議  作為權益的一方  (1)  ；於受控制法團的  權益  (3)  ；配偶的家族權益  (4)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

| Name  姓名╱名稱  Class of Shares  股份類別  Nature of interest  權益性質  Number  of Shares  股份數目  Approximate  percentage in  Shares of the  same class  (8)  相同類別  股份所佔  概約百分比  (8)  Approximate  percentage of  the Company's  total issued  share capital  (8)  佔本公司  已發行股本  總額  概約百分比  (8)  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest of a party to an agreement  regarding interest in the Company  (1)  ;  interest in a controlled corporation  (3)  ;  family interest of spouse  (4)  有關於本公司權益的協議  作為權益的一方  (1)  ；於受控制法團的  權益  (3)  ；配偶的家族權益  (4)  250,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  100%  74.76%  Xingda Property  興達物業  Domestic Shares  內資股  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  27,500,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  11%  8.22%  Xingye Group  興業集團  Domestic Shares  內資股  Beneficial owner  (5)  實益擁有人  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  王偉雄先生  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest in a controlled corporation  (5)  於受控制法團的權益  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%  HH International Investment  Limited ('HH  International')  浩亨國際投資有限公司  （ 「浩亨國際」 ）  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest in a controlled corporation  (5)  於受控制法團的權益  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%  Dongguan Weishun  Property Investment Co.,  Ltd. ('Weishun Property')  東莞市偉順物業投資有限  公司 （ 「偉順物業」 ）  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest in a controlled corporation  (5  )  於受控制法團的權益  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%  Dongguan Kangwei  Industrial Investment  Co., Ltd. ('Kangwei  Industrial')  東莞市康偉實業投資有限  公司 （ 「康偉實業」 ）  Domestic Shares  內資股  Interest in a controlled corporation  (5)  於受控制法團的權益  (5)  25,000,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  10%  7.48%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Report of the Board

## 董事會報告

| Name  姓名╱名稱  Class of Shares  股份類別  Nature of interest  權益性質  Number  of Shares  股份數目  Approximate  percentage in  Shares of the  same class  (8)  相同類別  股份所佔  概約百分比  (8)  Approximate  percentage of  the Company's  total issued  share capital  (8)  佔本公司  已發行股本  總額  概約百分比  (8)  Lin Lijun ('Mr. Lin')  林利軍 （ 「林先生」 ）  H Shares  H  股  Interest in a controlled  corporation  (6)  於受控制法團的權益  (6)  11,146,200  (Long position)  （好倉）  13.21%  3.33%  LVC Assets Management  Limited  H Shares  H  股  Interest in a controlled  corporation  (6)  於受控制法團的權益  (6)  11,146,200  (Long position)  （好倉）  13.21%  3.33%  LVC KH Investment L.P.  H Shares  H  股  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  11,146,200  (Long position)  （好倉）  13.21%  3.33%  Chen Zhaoming  陳兆明  H Shares  H  股  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  10,464,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  12.40%  3.13%  Haitian (HK) Holdings  Limited (formerly named  as 'Haitian (HK) Financial  Development Limited')  海天 （香港） 控股有限公司  （前稱 「海天 （香港） 金融  發展有限公司」 ）  H Shares  H  股  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  5,052,600  (Long position)  （好倉）  5.98%  1.51%  Zhan Yongxiang  詹永祥  H Shares  H  股  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  5,021,966  (Long position)  （好倉）  5.95%  1.50%  Mr. Wang Mingsong  王明松先生  H Shares  H  股  Interest in a controlled  corporation  (7)  於受控制法團的權益  (7)  4,880,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  5.78%  1.46%  Bo An Investments Pte, Ltd.  ('Bo An Investments')  博安投資私人有限公司  （ 「博安投資」 ）  H Shares  H  股  Interest in a controlled  corporation  (7)  於受控制法團的權益  (7)  4,880,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  5.78%  1.46%  Huaxia International  Company Limited  ('Huaxia International')  華夏國際有限公司  （ 「華夏國際」 ）  H Shares  H  股  Beneficial owner  (7)  實益擁有人  (7)  4,880,000  (Long position)  （好倉）  5.78%  1.46%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Board

## 董事會報告

Notes:

- (1) Pursuant to a concert party agreement, each of Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin has agreed to jointly control their respective interests in the Company and the decisions as to the business and operations of the Group shall be in accordance with the unanimous consent of all of them. Therefore, each of them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate by virtue of the SFO.
- (2) Mr. Wang Junyang holds 97.46% and 50.0% in Kanghua Group and Xingye Group, respectively. As Mr. Wang Junyang controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of each of Kanghua Group and Xingye Group, Mr. Wang Junyang is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which each of Kanghua Group and Xingye Group is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (3) Each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin holds 50.0% in Xingda Property. As each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingda Property, each of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Xingda Property is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (4) As Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin are husband and wife, each of them is deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by them in aggregate by virtue of the SFO.
- (5) Mr. Wong Wai Hung holds 34.0% in HH International, which in turns holds 100% in Weishun Property, which in turns holds 100% interest in Kangwei Industrial, which in turns holds 48.0% in Xingye Group. Xingye Group held 25,000,000 Domestic Shares. As Mr. Wong Wai Hung controls more than one third of the voting power at the general meeting of Xingye Group, each of Kangwei Industrial, Weishun Property, HH International and Mr. Wong Wai Hung is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Xingye Group is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (6) Mr. Lin holds 100% in LVC Assets Management Limited, which in turns holds 100% in LVC KH Investment L.P. Each of Mr. Lin and LVC Assets Management Limited is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which LVC KH Investment L.P. is interested by virtue of SFO.
- (7) Mr. Wang Mingsong holds 100% in Bo An Investments, which in turns holds 100% in Huaxia International. Each of Mr. Wang Mingsong and Bo An Investments is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Huaxia International is interested by virtue of the SFO.
- (8) The shareholding percentages are calculated on the basis of 250,000,000 Domestic Shares and 84,394,000 H Shares issued by the Company as of 31 December 2022.

附註：

- (1) 根據一項一致行動協議，王君揚先生、 王愛慈女士、陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女 士均同意共同控制其各自於本公司 的權益，而就本集團業務及營運的決 定應當作上述人士一致同意。因此， 基於證券及期貨條例，上述各方視為 於其持有的所有股份擁有權益。
- (2) 王君揚先生分別持有康華集團和興 業集團 97.46% 及 50.0% 。由於王君揚 先生於康華集團及興業集團各自的 股東大會上控制超過三分之一的投 票權，基於證券及期貨條例，王君揚 先生被視為於康華集團及興業集團 各自擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
- (3) 陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士各自持有 興達物業 50.0% 的股份。由於陳旺枝 先生及王愛勤女士在興達物業的股 東大會上控制超過三分之一的投票 權，基於證券及期貨條例，陳旺枝先 生及王愛勤女士被視為於興達物業 擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
- (4) 由於陳旺枝先生及王愛勤女士為夫 婦，故基於證券及期貨條例，其均被 視為於其所合共持有的所有股份中 擁有權益。
- (5) 王偉雄先生持有浩亨國際 34.0% ，而 浩亨國際持有偉順物業 100% ，而偉 順物業持有康偉實業 100% ，而康偉 實業持有興業集團 48.0% 。興業集團 持有 25,000,000 股內資股，由於王偉 雄先生於興業集團的股東大會上控 制超過三分之一的投票權，基於證券 及期貨條例，康偉實業、偉順物業、 浩亨國際及王偉雄先生被視為於興 業集團擁有的相同數目股份擁有權益。
- (6) 林先生持有 LVC Assets Management L i m i t e d 的 1 0 0 % ，而 L V C   A s s e t s Management Limited 持有 LVC  KH I nvestment L.P. 的 100% 。基於證券 及期貨條例，林先生及 LVC Assets Management Limited 各自被視為於 LVC KH Investment L.P. 擁有的相同數 目股份擁有權益。
- (7) 王明松先生持有博安投資 100% ，而 博安投資持有華夏國際 100% 。基於 證券及期貨條例，王明松先生及博安 投資各自於華夏國際擁有的相同數 目股份擁有權益。
- (8) 持股比例以本公司截至二零二二年 十二月三十一日發行的 250,000,000 股內資股及 84,394,000 股 H 股計算。

<!-- image -->

## (b) 本集團其他成員公司的主要股東

| 附註：  - (1) 根據委託管理協議，康帝實業、張丹 丹女士及王愛兒女士各自均不可撤 回地將其於仁康醫院任何股東大會 的全部投票權歸屬於本公司。  - (2) 王正仁先生及王可瑩女士各自於康 帝實業持有 50% 股權，其全部為王氏 家族的成員及王君揚先生的表親。  - (3) 張丹丹女士是王氏家族成員及王君 揚先生的姨母。  - (4) 王愛兒女士是王氏家族成員及王君 揚先生的姑母。  Name of shareholder  股東姓名╱名稱  Name of member  of the Group  本集團成員公司名稱  Nature of interest  權益性質  Approximate  percentage  interest held  by the substantial  shareholder  主要股東持有  權益概約百分比  Kangdi Enterprise (1) (2)  康帝實業  (1)(2)  Renkang Hospital  仁康醫院  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  15%  Ms. Zhang Dandan (1) (3)  張丹丹女士  (1)(3)  Renkang Hospital  仁康醫院  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  15%  Ms. Wang Aier (1) (4)  王愛兒女士  (1)(4)  Renkang Hospital  仁康醫院  Beneficial owner  實益擁有人  13%  Notes:  - (1) Pursuant to an entrusted management agreement, each of Kangdi Enterprise, Ms. Zhang Dandan and Ms. Wang Aier irrevocably vested their entire voting power at any general meeting of Renkang Hospital to the Company.  - (2) Kangdi Enterprise is held as to 50% by Mr. Wang Zhengren and as to 50% by Ms. Wang Keying, all of whom are members of the Wang Family and cousins of Mr. Wang Junyang.  - (3) Ms. Zhang Dandan is a member of the Wang Family and aunt-in-law of Mr. Wang Junyang.  - (4) Ms. Wang Aier is a member of the Wang Family and aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, to the knowledge of the Directors, no other person had, or were deemed or taken to have interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the registry kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

除上文所披露者外，截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日，據董事所知，概無其他人士於股 份或相關股份中擁有權益或淡倉根據證券 及期貨條例第 XV 部第 2 及 3 分部之條文須向 本公司披露，或記錄在本公司根據證券及期 貨條例第 336 條存置的登記冊內。

## 管理層合約

本公司並無訂立有關管理及執行本公司業 務的全部或任何重大部份的合約或於報告 期間存在該等合約。

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

## DIRECTORS' AND SUPERVISORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBT SECURITIES

At no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors, the Supervisors or chief executive of the Company (including their spouses or children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company had complied with the applicable requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with respect to connected transactions and continuing connected transactions. Details of the Group's non-exempt connected transactions are set out below:

## A. One-off Connected Transaction - Project Management Services

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 25 June 2021, Kanghua Healthcare Investment (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) has engaged Kanghua Real Estate Development (which is owned as to 80% by Xingye Group and 20% by Xingda Property) as management services provider in connection with the project (the 'Project') of developing an integrated healthcare project on the land parcel situated at Jiaoling Villagers Committee, Liheng Village, Qingxi Town, Dongguan City, the PRC (east to the open space, south to the Qingxi Revolutionary Martyrs Monument, west to the road, north to the Qingxi Nursing Home)* ( 中 國東莞市清溪鎮荔橫村角岭村民小組 ( 東至空地，南至清溪革命烈士 紀念碑，西至路，北至清溪敬老院 )),  the land use rights of which were acquired by the Group as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2020. Pursuant to the agreement between the parties, the management fee payable by Kanghua Healthcare Investment to Kanghua Real Estate Development shall be 2% of the construction component of the development cost of the Project, but in any event shall not exceed RMB15,600,000 in aggregate.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, no project management fee was paid or payable by Kanghua Healthcare Investment to Kanghua Real Estate Development.

## 董事及監事收購股份或債務證券的 權利

於報告期間任何時間本公司或其任何附屬 公司概無作為一方，與董事、監事或本公司 最高行政人員（包括彼等各自之配偶或未滿 18 歲之子女）訂立任何安排，可藉收購本公 司或任何其他法人團體的股份或債券而獲益。

## 關連交易

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度，本 公司已符合香港上市規則第 14A 章就關連方 交易及持續關連方交易之適用要求。本集團 的非豁免關連方交易詳情如下：

- A. 一次性關連交易－項目管理服務

誠如本公司日期為二零二一年六月 二十五日的公告所披露，康華醫療投 資（本公司的全資附屬公司）已就開發 位於中國東莞市清溪鎮荔橫村角岭村 民小組 （東至空地，南至清溪革命烈士 紀念碑，西至路，北至清溪敬老院） 的 地塊 （誠如本公司日期為二零二零年七 月二十三日的公告所披露，本集團已 收購該地塊的土地使用權） 的綜合醫療 項目（ 「項目」 ） ，委聘康華房地產開發 （由興業集團擁有 80% 及由興達物業擁 有 20% ） 作為管理服務供應商。根據訂 約方訂立的協議，康華醫療投資應向 康華房地產開發支付的管理費應為項 目開發成本建設部分的 2% ，惟無論如 何合共不得超過人民幣 15,600,000 元。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年 度，康華醫療投資並無已付或應付康 華房地產開發的項目管理費。

<!-- image -->

## Report of the Board

## 董事會報告

| B.  持續關連交易  附註：  重續康華醫院租賃協議及仁康醫院  租賃協議各自項下截至二零二二年  十二月三十一日止年度的年度上限  載於本公司日期為二零二一年十二  月二十三日的公告。  重續康華醫院租賃協議及仁康醫院  租賃協議各自項下截至二零二五年  十二月三十一日止三個年度的年度  上限載於本公司日期為二零二二年  十二月十六日的公告。  ## B. Continuing Connected Transactions  Continuing connected  transaction under  以下各方進行的  持續關連交易  Connected  person  關連方  Nature of the connected  person's interest in the  transaction  在交易中的關連方  權益的性質  Annual cap  for the year ended  31 December 2022  (Note)  (RMB million)  截至二零二二年  十二月三十一日  止年度的年度上限  （附註）  （人民幣百萬元）  Actual  transaction value  for the year ended  31 December 2022  (RMB million)  截至二零二二年  十二月三十一日  止年度的實際  交易價值  （人民幣百萬元）  The Kanghua Hospital Lease  Agreement  康華醫院租賃協議  Kanghua Group  康華集團  The land and buildings under  the lease are owned by  Kanghua Group and leased to  Kanghua Hospital  由康華集團以租賃形式擁有  及租予康華醫院的土地和建  築物  33.4  33.2  The Renkang Hospital Lease  Agreement  仁康醫院租賃協議  Tongli Enterprise  同力實業  The land and buildings under  the lease are owned by Tongli  Enterprise and leased to  Renkang Hospital  由同力實業以租賃形式擁有  及租予仁康醫院的土地和建  築物  5.6  5.6  Note:  The renewal of annual caps under each of the Kanghua Hospital Lease  Agreement and the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement for the year ended  31 December 2022 is set out in the announcement of the Company dated 23  December 2021.  The renewal of annual cap under each of the Kanghua Hospital Lease  Agreement and the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement for the three years  ending 31 December 2025 is set out in the announcement of the Company  dated 16 December 2022.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of the Board 董事會報告

The Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement

On 10 April 2016, Kanghua Hospital (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), entered into the Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement with Kanghua Group in relation to the lease of land and buildings underlying Kanghua Hospital from Kanghua Group for a term of 10 years commencing from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2025.

## Rent

The rent payable under the Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement is determined with reference to (i) the actual GFA used by Kanghua Hospital during the year (which shall not be less than 254,896.1 sq.m.); and (ii) the monthly rental per sq.m. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the actual GFA used by Kanghua Hospital was 308,205.91 sq.m. and the monthly rental per sq.m. was RMB9.0.

The Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement

On 10 April 2016, Renkang Hospital (a 57%-owned subsidiary of the Company), entered into the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement with Tongli Enterprise in relation to the lease of land and buildings underlying Renkang Hospital from Tongli Enterprise for a term of 10 years commencing from 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2025.

## Rent

The rent payable under the Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement is determined with reference to (i) the actual GFA used by Renkang Hospital during the year (which shall not be less than 73,265.6 sq.m.); and (ii) the monthly rental per sq.m. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the actual GFA used by Renkang Hospital was 77,449.7 sq.m. and the monthly rental per sq.m. was RMB6.0.

## 康華醫院租賃協議

於二零一六年四月十日，康華醫院 （本 公司的全資附屬公司） 與康華集團就有 關向康華集團租賃康華醫院相關的土 地及建築物訂立康華醫院租賃協議， 由二零一六年一月一日至二零二五年 十二月三十一日，為期十年。

## 租金

根據康華醫院租賃協議應付的租金 是參照 (i) 康華醫院於年內實際使用 的建築面積（不得少於 254,896.1 平方 米） ；及 (ii) 每平方米每月租金釐定。 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年 度，康華醫院實際使用的建築面積為 308,205.91 平方米，而每平方米每月租 金為人民幣 9.0 元。

## 仁康醫院租賃協議

於二零一六年四月十日，仁康醫院 （本 公司擁有 57% 股權的附屬公司） 與同力 實業就有關向同力實業租賃仁康醫院 相關的土地及建築物訂立仁康醫院租 賃協議，由二零一六年一月一日至二 零二五年十二月三十一日，為期十年。

## 租金

根據仁康醫院租賃協議應付的租金是 參照 (i) 仁康醫院於年內實際使用的建 築面積 （不得少於 73,265.6 平方米） ；及 (ii) 每平方米每月租金釐定。截至二零 二二年十二月三十一日止年度，仁康 醫院實際使用的建築面積為 77,449.7 平 方米，而每平方米每月租金為人民幣 6.0 元。

<!-- image -->

Review by and confirmation of independent non-executive Directors of the Company

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions, and after due and careful enquiry with the management of the Group, confirmed that such transactions were:

- (i) carried out in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;
- (ii) made on normal commercial terms or better; and
- (iii) carried out according to the terms in the relevant transaction agreements, which are fair and reasonable, and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

The independent non-executive Directors are satisfied that they have received and reviewed sufficient information to give the confirmations above.

## Confirmation of the auditor

As to the requirement set forth in Rule 14A.56 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the auditor of the Company has written to the Board to confirm that it has not been aware of any matter which leads it to believe the aforesaid continued connected transactions:

- (i) have not been approved by the Board;
- (ii) are not carried out in accordance with the related transaction agreement in any material respects; and
- (iii) exceed the annual cap.

Details of the related party transactions of the Group are set out in Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements.

Apart from disclosed in this annual report, none of the related party transactions constituted connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, which are subject to announcement or independent shareholders' approval requirements.

本公司獨立非執行董事的審閱和確認

獨立非執行董事已審閱上述持續關連 交易，並經本集團管理層審慎仔細查 詢後，確認該等交易為：

- (i) 在本集團之一般及日常業務過程 中進行；
- (ii) 按正常商業條款或更佳條款訂立； 及
- (iii) 按照相關交易協議的條款進行， 屬公平合理，並符合股東的整體 利益。

獨立非執行董事信納已獲得及審閱足 夠資料作出上述確認。

核數師的確認

誠如香港上市規則第 14A.56 條所載的 規定，本公司核數師已向董事會書面 確認，其並未知悉導致其相信上述持 續關連交易出現以下情況的事項：

- (i) 尚未獲得董事會批准；
- (ii) 在任何重大方面不按照相關交易 協議進行；及
- (iii) 超過年度上限。

本集團關聯方交易的詳情載於綜合財 務報表附註 33 。

除本年報所披露者外，概無關聯方交 易構成根據香港上市規則第 14A 章之 關連交易或持續關連交易，受公告或 獨立股東批准所規限。

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

The Company had not entered into any equity-linked agreement during the Reporting Period, nor did any equity-linked agreement subsist at the end of the Reporting Period.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the PRC Company Law which oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## BANK BORROWINGS

Details of the bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2022 are set out in Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

## CASH MANAGEMENT

As part of the cash management policy to manage excess cash, the Group had purchased investment products from financial institutions and invested in certain financial product issued by a PRC commercial bank to achieve higher interest income without interfering with its business operations or capital expenditures during the Reporting Period.

The Group carefully balances its needs for interest income and the risks associated with financial products by investing in simple financial products issued by reputable financial institutions. The Company's senior management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, is involved in these investment decisions. The Company's senior management periodically reviews investment strategies and investment portfolios to ensure they achieve the Group's cash management objectives. Before making a proposal to invest in financial products, the head of the finance department of the relevant hospital or Group company must assess the cash flow and operational needs and capital expenditures of such hospital or company. If the cash flow exceeds its operational needs and an appropriate low-risk investment opportunity is available, the head of the relevant finance department will submit the investment proposal to the Company's senior management for approval. Regardless of investment size, a proposal to invest in any investment products must first be reviewed and approved by the Company's chief financial officer, who is also responsible for reviewing the relevant documentation and negotiation with the counterparty. After the chief financial officer approves the proposal, it must also be approved by (i) the chief

## 購回、出售或贖回上市證券

於報告期間，本公司或其任何附屬公司概無 購買、出售或贖回本公司任何上市證券。

## 股票掛鈎協議

本公司於本報告期間未達成股權掛鈎協議， 於報告期末尚未有任何股權掛鈎協議。

## 優先購買權

章程或中國公司法並無載有優先購買權的 條文，規定本公司須按比例向現有股東發售 新股份。

## 銀行借款

本集團於二零二二年十二月三十一日的銀 行借款詳情載於綜合財務報表附註 24 。

## 現金管理

本集團已從金融機構購買投資產品並投資 由一間中國商業銀行發行的若干金融產品， 以此作為管理超額現金的現金管理政策的 一部分，以便於報告期在不干擾其業務運作 或資本支出的情況，取得較高的利息收入。

本集團憑藉投資於由信譽卓著的金融產品 機構發行的簡單金融產品，謹慎地平衡對利 息收入的需求以及與金融產品有關的風險。 本公司的高級管理層（包括行政總裁及首席 財務官）參與該等投資決定。本公司的高級 管理層定期檢討投資策略及投資組合，以保 管實現本集團的現金管理目標。提出於金融 產品的投資建議前，相關醫院或本集團旗下 公司的財務部門主管必須評估該醫院或公 司的現金流量及營運需求以及資本開支。倘 若現金流量超過其營運需求，且可獲得適當 的低風險投資機會，相關財務部門的主管會 提交投資建議予本公司的高級管理層批准。 無論投資規模如何，於任何投資產品的投資 建議必須首先經本公司的首席財務官審閱 及批准。本公司的首席財務官亦負責審閱相 關文件及與交易對手方進行磋商。首席財務

<!-- image -->

executive officer, if the investment amount exceeds RMB10 million; or (ii) the executive Directors and the independent non-executive Director with appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise as required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, if the investment amount exceeds RMB100 million.

In assessing a proposal to invest in a financial product, a number of criteria must be met, including:

- the term of the financial product should generally not exceed one year;
- the proposed investment must not interfere with our business operations or capital expenditures;
- the financial product must be issued by a reputable bank with which we have a long-term relationship, preferably exceeding five years; and
- the investment portfolio of the financial product should generally bear low risk.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. The Board is of the opinion that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions under the CG Code throughout the Reporting Period. Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Governance Report' on pages 83 to 104 of this annual report.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the best of the Directors' knowledge, as at the date of this annual report, the Company had maintained the public float of the issued Shares as required under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

## CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE HONG KONG LISTING RULES

The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

官批准建議之後，該建議亦必須由 (i) 行政總 裁（倘若投資金額超過人民幣 10 百萬元） ； 或 (ii) 具有香港上市規則規定的適當專業資格 或會計或相關財務管理專長的執行董事及 獨立非執行董事（倘若投資金額超過人民幣 100 百萬元） 批准。

評估於金融產品的投資建議時，必須符合多 項標準，其中包括：

- 金融產品的期限一般不超過一年；
- 建議投資不得干擾我們的業務營運或 資本開支；
- 金融產品必須由我們與之擁有長期關 係（最好超過五年）的聲譽卓著的銀行 發行；及
- 金融產品的投資組合一般應具有低風險。

## 企業管治

本公司致力於維持高水平的企業管治常規。 董事會認為，本公司於報告期間已遵守企業 管治守則之適用守則條文。本公司採納的主 要企業管治常規載於在本年報第 83 至 104 頁 「企業管治報告」 一節。

## 足夠的公眾持股量

根據本公司公開可獲得的資料及據董事所 深知，於本年報日期，本公司按照香港上市 規則所規定維持本公司已發行股份的公眾 持股量。

## 根據香港上市規則持續披露責任

本公司並無香港上市規則第 13.20 、 13.21 及 13.22 條項下的任何其他披露責任。

## CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM

The register of members of the Company will be closed from 22 May 2023 to 21 June 2023, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to determine the identity of the Shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's H Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30pm on 19 May 2023.

## IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 3 February 2023, Ernst &amp; Young ('EY') has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 3 February 2023. The Board has resolved, having regard to the recommendation from the Audit Committee, to approve the appointment of Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited ('Bakertilly') as the new auditor of the Company to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of EY with effect from 3 February 2023 and to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 3 February 2023.

Save as disclosed in the above, there are no important events after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

## 暫停辦理股份過戶登記

為確定出席股東週年大會及於會上投票 之權利

本公司將於二零二三年五月二十二日至二零 二三年六月二十一日（包括首尾兩天）暫停 辦理股份過戶登記，期間不會辦理股份過戶 登記手續。為確定股東享有出席股東週年大 會及於會上投票之權利，所有股份過戶文件 連同相關股票必須於二零二三年五月十九 日下午四時三十分前交回本公司之 H 股股份 過戶登記處香港中央證券登記有限公司，地 址為香港灣仔皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 17 樓 1712-1716 號舖。

## 報告期後的重要事項

如本公司日期為二零二三年二月三日的公 告所披露，安永會計師事務所 （ 「安永」 ） 已辭 任本公司核數師，自二零二三年二月三日起 生效。董事會經考慮審核委員會的建議，已 議決批准委任天職香港會計師事務所有限 公司 （ 「天職」 ） 為本公司新任核數師，以填補 安永辭任後的臨時空缺，自二零二三年二月 三日生效，任期直至本公司下屆股東週年大 會結束為止。有關更多詳情，請參閱本公司 日期為二零二三年二月三日的公告。

除上文所披露者外，從報告期後截至本年報 日期期間並沒有發生重要事項。

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR

EY has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 3 February 2023 and Bakertilly has been appointed as the auditor of the Company with effect from 3 February 2023 to fill the vacancy following the resignation of EY. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu ('Deloitte') has resigned as the auditor of the Company with effect from 31 December 2021 and EY has been appointed as the auditor of the Company with effect from 3 January 2022 to fill the vacancy following the resignation of Deloitte.

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by Bakertilly. A resolution will be submitted to the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to reappoint Bakertilly as auditor of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, the Company has not changed its auditor during any of the past three years.

For and on behalf of the Board

Wang Junyang Chairman

Dongguan, the PRC 31 March 2023

## 核數師

安永已辭任本公司核數師，自二零二三年二 月三日起生效，而天職已獲委任為本公司核 數師，自二零二三年二月三日起生效，以填 補安永辭任之空缺。德勤 · 關黃陳方會計師 行（ 「德勤」 ） 已辭任本公司核數師，自二零 二一年十二月三十一日起生效，而安永已獲 委任為本公司核數師，自二零二二年一月三 日起生效，以填補德勤辭任之空缺。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度的 綜合財務報表已經由天職審核。本公司將於 即將舉行之股東週年大會提呈續聘天職為 本公司核數師之決議案。

除上文所披露者外，本公司於過往三年並無 變更其核數師。

代表董事會

王君揚

主席

中國，東莞

二零二三年三月三十一日

## Report of the Supervisory Committee 監事會報告

To the Shareholders:

The Supervisory Committee, in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles, has conducted its work in accordance with the fiduciary principle, and has taken up an active role to work seriously and with diligence to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders.

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee had reviewed cautiously the operation and development plans of the Company and provided reasonable suggestions and opinions to the Board. It also strictly and effectively monitored and supervised the Company's management in making significant policies and decisions to ensure that they were in compliance with the laws and regulations of the PRC and the Articles, and in the interests of the Shareholders.

We have reviewed and agreed to the Report of the Board and audited consolidated financial statements proposed by the Board for presentation at the AGM. We are of the opinion that the Directors and the chief executive and other senior management of the Company are able to strictly observe their fiduciary duties, to act diligently, to exercise their authority faithfully in the best interests of the Company and to work in accordance with the Articles. We are witnessing better operations and internal controls.

Up to the date of approval of this report, none of the Directors and chief executive and senior management members of the Company had been found to have abused their authority, damaged the interests of the Company or infringed upon the interests of the Shareholders. None of them was found to be in breach of any laws and regulations or the Articles. The Supervisory Committee is satisfied with the achievement and cost effectiveness of the Company during the Reporting Period and has great confidence in the future prospects of the Company.

For and on behalf of the Supervisory Committee

Chen Shaoming Chairman

Dongguan, the PRC 31 March 2023

致股東：

監事會按照有關法律和法規及章程的規定， 按照誠信原則開展工作，發揮積極作用，認 真履行職責，保護本公司及股東的權益。

於報告期間，監事會審慎地審閱本公司的經 營及發展規劃，並向董事會提供合理的建議 和意見，另嚴格及有效地監控和監督本公司 的管理層制定重大政策和決定，確保其符合 中國的法律和法規及章程，並符合股東的利 益。

我們已審閱並同意董事會於股東週年大會 上提呈的董事會報告及經審核的財務報表。 我們認為，本公司董事、行政總裁及其他高 級管理層能夠嚴格遵守誠信責任，認真履行 職責，按照符合本公司的最佳利益忠誠地行 使其授權，及按照章程辦事。我們正在目睹 更好的運作和內部控制。

截至本報告批准之日，本公司董事、行政總 裁及高級管理層成員均未被發現濫用其授權， 損害本公司的利益或侵害股東的權利。概無 發現上述人士違反任何法律及法規或章程。 監事會對於報告期間本公司的成就和成本 效益感到滿意，對本公司的未來前景充滿信 心。

代表監事會

陳少明

主席

中國，東莞

二零二三年三月三十一日

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告

The Board is pleased to present this Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2022. The Board is of the opinion that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions contained in part 2 of the CG Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

董事會欣然提呈截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日止年度的本企業管治報告。董事 會認為，本公司於截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日止年度已遵守企業管治守則第二 部分載列的所有守則條文。

The Board is committed to promoting good corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders and believes that maintaining a high standard of corporate governance is essential to the success of the Company and would provide a practice enhancing greater accountability and transparency and meeting the expectations of the Group's stakeholders. The Company will continue to review and enhance its corporate governance to ensure that it will continue to meet the applicable requirements of the CG Code.

## COMPANY'S CULTURE

The Board believes that corporate culture underpins the long-term business, economic success and sustainable growth of the Group. A strong culture enables the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance and fulfil its role as a responsible corporate citizen. The Company aims to build a strong organisational culture to cultivate a sense of belonging among its staff through various staff functions and events. The Group believes that the creation of a healthy and harmonious working environment will improve staff morale and productivity in the long term.

The Board sets and promotes corporate culture and expects and requires all employees to reinforce. All of our new employees are required to attend orientation and training programs so that they may better understand our corporate culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, and raise their quality awareness. In addition, from time to time, the Company will invite external experts to provide training to our management personnel to improve their relevant knowledge and management skills.

The Group is a leading healthcare operator in the PRC, committed to providing high-quality, patient-centred and innovative medical services. The Board sets the tone for the corporate culture of the Group, which is based on the core principles of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly in all aspects of its business. The Board also defines the purpose, values and strategic direction of the Group, and fosters a culture that embraces forward-looking vision, change readiness and competitive edge. The Board ensures that the desired culture is embedded and reflected consistently in the Group's operating practices, workplace policies

董事會致力推動良好的企業管治，以保障股 東的利益，亦相信維持高水平的企業管治乃 本公司的成功要素，有助建立高度問責及透 明的常規，以達致本集團各利益相關者的期 望。本公司將繼續審閱及提升其企業管治， 確保其繼續符合企業管治守則的適用規定。

## 公司文化

董事會認為，企業文化是本集團長期業務、 經濟成就及可持續增長的基石。深厚的文化 使本公司能夠實現長期可持續增長表現，履 行其作為負責任企業公民的職責。本公司旨 在打造強有力的組織文化，通過多個員工職 能及活動培養員工歸屬感。本集團相信，營 造健康和諧的工作環境將長期提高員工士 氣及生產力。

董事會制定並推廣企業文化，以期及要求所 有僱員加強意識。我們的所有新僱員均須參 加入職培訓及培訓計劃，以便彼等更好地了 解我們的企業文化、結構及政策，學習相關 法律法規，以及提高彼等的質素意識。此外， 本公司亦將不時邀請外部專家為我們的管 理人員提供培訓，以提升其相關知識及管理 技能。

本集團為中國領先的醫療運營商，致力於提 供優質、以患者為中心的創新醫療服務。董 事會為本集團的企業文化立定方向，該方向 乃以在業務全方面依法行事、遵從道德及負 責任的核心原則為基礎。董事會亦已確定本 集團的宗旨、價值觀及戰略方向，並打造涵 蓋前瞻性願景、變遷準備及競爭優勢的文化。 董事會確保理想文化能夠在本集團的營運

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

and practices, and stakeholder relations. The Board monitors and evaluates the culture of the Group through various measures and tools over time, such as:

- -Workforce engagement: The Board engages with the employees of the Group through regular communication, feedback and recognition, and supports their professional development, career progression and empowerment.
- -Employee retention and training: The Board values the talent and expertise of the Group's employees, and strives to retain and attract high-performing and motivated staff by offering competitive remuneration, benefits and training opportunities.
- -Stringent financial reporting: The Board oversees the financial performance and reporting of the Group, and ensures that the Group maintains high standards of financial integrity, transparency and accountability.
- -Effective and accessible whistleblowing framework: The Board encourages and protects the reporting of any misconduct, malpractice or wrongdoing within the Group, and provides a clear and confidential whistleblowing mechanism for employees and other stakeholders to raise their concerns without fear of retaliation.
- -Legal and regulatory compliance: The Board ensures that the Group complies with all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC and other jurisdictions where it operates, and adheres to the Code of Conduct and group policies that govern its ethical and responsible behaviour.
- -Staff  safety, wellbeing and support: The Board prioritises the safety, wellbeing and support of the Group's employees, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic, and provides them with adequate protective equipment, health screening, counselling and assistance.

By taking into account the corporate culture in various contexts, the Board believes that the culture is aligned with the purpose, values and strategy of the Group, and supports its long-term success and sustainability.

實踐、員工政策及實踐以及持份者關係中始 終貫徹及體現。董事會通過多種措施及手段 對本集團文化進行長期監測及評估，如：

- － 員工參與：董事會通過定期交流、反 饋及認可與本集團的員工溝通，並為 彼等的專業發展、職業發展及賦權提 供支持。
- － 僱員挽留及培訓：董事會重視本集團 僱員的才能及專業知識，並通過提供 具競爭力的薪酬、福利及培訓機會， 努力挽留及吸引表現出色及積極進取 的員工。
- － 嚴格的財務報告：董事會監督本集團 的財務表現及申報情況，確保本集團 於財務完整性、透明度及問責性方面 保持高標準。
- － 有效及方便的舉報框架：董事會鼓勵 並保護對本集團內任何不端行為、瀆 職行為或不法行為的舉報，並為僱員 及其他持份者提供明確及保密的舉報 機制，使彼等能夠提出疑慮而毋需害 怕遭受報復。
- － 法律及監管合規：董事會確保本集團 遵守中國及其他司法權區的所有適用 法律法規，並遵守規範其道德及責任 行為的行為守則及本集團政策。
- － 員工安全、福祉及支援：董事會優先 考慮本集團僱員的安全、福祉及支援， 尤其是在 COVID-19 疫情期間，並為彼 等提供充足的防護設備、體檢、諮詢 及援助。

經考慮多種情況下的企業文化，董事會認為 該企業文化與本集團的宗旨、價值觀及戰略 一致，並為其長期成功及可持續發展提供支 持。

<!-- image -->

## THE BOARD

Board Composition

## 董事會

董事會組成

董事會目前由八名董事組成，其中包括四名 為執行董事、一名為非執行董事及三名為獨 立非執行董事。

執行董事

王君揚先生 （主席）

陳旺枝先生 （行政總裁）

王偉雄先生 （副主席）

王愛勤女士

非執行董事

呂玉波先生

獨立非執行董事

楊銘澧先生

陳可冀醫生

陳星能先生

The Board currently comprises eight Directors, including four executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors.

Executive Directors

Mr. Wang Junyang  (Chairman) Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Wong Wai Hung  (Vice Chairman) Ms. Wang Aiqin

Non-executive Director

Mr. Lv Yubo

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yeung Ming Lai Dr. Chen Keji

Mr. Chan Sing Nun

The brief biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management' on pages 154 to 166 of this annual report. The overall management and supervision of the Company's operation and the function of formulating overall business strategies were vested in the Board.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board has met the requirements of Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise and the requirement that the independent non-executive Directors represent at least one-third of the Board.

The Company has received annual confirmation on independence from each independent non-executive Director pursuant to the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company considers that each independent non-executive Director is independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

董事履歷簡介詳情載於本年報第 154 至 166 頁 「董事、監事及高級管理層」 一節。董事會 獲賦予本公司營運的整體管理和監督以及 制定整體業務策略的功能。

於報告期間及直至本年報日期，董事會已符 合香港上市規則第 3.10 及 3.10A 條規則的規 定，即有關委任至少三名獨立非執行董事中 至少有一名獨立非執行董事擁有適當專業 資格或會計或相關財務管理專長，以及獨立 非執行董事至少佔董事會三分之一的規定。

本公司已根據香港上市規則的規定，接獲每 名獨立非執行董事發出獨立性的年度確認書。 本公司認為，每名獨立非執行董事均按照香 港上市規則第 3.13 條所載的獨立性指引被視 為獨立。

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee.

The CG Code requires the Directors to disclose to the Company the number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant commitments as well as their identities and the time involved. The Directors have agreed to disclose to the Company their other commitments in a timely manner.

## Board Independence

The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in place effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board and those independent views. The current composition of the Board, comprising more than one third of independent non-executive Directors and the members of the Audit Committee are all independent non-executive Directors which exceed the independence requirements under the Listing Rules. The Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee all comprising at least two-thirds by independent non-executive Directors. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors is subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and workload. The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his/her appointment and annually.

Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate. External independent professional advice is available to all Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, whenever deemed necessary. The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the ability to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.

The Company has also established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-executive Directors can express their views in an open manner, and in a confidential manner, should circumstances requires. The implementation and effectiveness mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board is reviewed annually.

所有董事（包括獨立非執行董事）為董事會 帶來廣泛的寶貴業務經驗、知識及專業素養， 以實現高效率和有效運作。獨立非執行董事 獲邀加入審核委員會、提名委員會及薪酬委 員會。

企業管治守則規定，董事向本公司披露於上 市公司或機構所持職位的數量和性質，以及 其他重大承諾，以至其身份及涉及的時間。 董事已同意及時向本公司披露他們的其他 承諾。

## 董事會獨立性

本公司深明董事會獨立性是良好企業管治 的關鍵。本集團已建立有效的機制，以鞏固 獨立董事會及獨立意見。現時董事會（包括 三分之一以上的獨立非執行董事）及審核委 員會成員（由全體獨立非執行董事組成）的 組成超出上市規則下的獨立性規定。提名委 員會、薪酬委員會及審核委員會均由至少三 分之二的獨立非執行董事擔任。獨立非執行 董事的薪酬須進行定期檢討，以維持競爭力 及與彼等的職責及工作量相稱。各獨立非執 行董事的獨立性乃於其獲委任時及按年評估。

董事須就董事會於董事會會議上審議的任何 建議或交易申報其直接或間接利益 （如有） ， 並於適當情況下放棄投贊成票。如有需要， 全體董事（包括獨立非執行董事）均可獲得 外部獨立專業意見。獨立非執行董事一貫表 現出堅定的承諾及能力，並投入足夠時間履 行其董事會職責。

本公司亦透過正式及非正式的方式建立多 個渠道，使獨立非執行董事能夠公開表達意 見，並於必要時以保密方式表達意見。有關 機制的執行情況及有效性會按年檢討，以確 保董事會可獲得獨立意見及建議。

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Mr. Wang Junyang is an executive Director and the chairman of the Board. Mr. Chen Wangzhi is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky is a senior management member and the chief financial officer of the Company. The three of them have separate roles.

Relationship between Directors and Chief Executive

Certain Directors and the chief executive officer of the Company are members of the Wang Family. Please refer to the section headed 'Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management' on pages 154 to 166 of this annual report for details.

## ROLE AND FUNCTION OF AND DELEGATION BY THE BOARD

The Board is responsible for and has general powers for the management and conduct of the business of the Company. It delegates day-to-day management of the Company to the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company within the control and the authority framework set by the Board. The delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board.

The Board reserves its decision on all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, recommendation for appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters. For details, please refer to the Articles.

In addition, the Board has also delegated to the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee various responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference. Further details of these committees are set out in this corporate governance report.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders at all times.

The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors in respect of legal actions against them.

## 主席及行政總裁

王君揚先生為執行董事兼董事會主席。陳旺 枝先生為執行董事兼本公司行政總裁。黃偉 恒先生為本公司高級管理層成員及首席財 務官。三人的角色均獨立分開。

董事與行政總裁之間的關係

本公司若干董事及行政總裁為王氏家族成員。 有關詳情，請參閱本年報第 154 至 166 頁「董 事、監事及高級管理層」 一節。

## 董事會的角色和職能及轉授

董事會對本公司業務的管理和行為負責並 具有一般權力。在董事會制定的控制權限和 權限框架內，將本公司日常管理委託給本公 司的執行董事和高級管理層。董事會定期審 閱轉授的職能和職責。

董事會保留對本公司所有重大事項的決策， 包括：審批及監督所有政策事項、總體策略 及預算、內部控制和風險管理體系、重大交 易（特別是可能涉及利益衝突的事項） 、財 務資料、任命董事及其他重大財務及營運事 項的建議。詳情請參閱章程。

此外，董事會亦向審核委員會、提名委員會 和薪酬委員會轉授各自的職權範圍內所載 的各項職責。這些委員會的進一步詳情載於 本企業管治報告。

所有董事應確保按照適用的法律和法規真 誠地履行職務，並始終以本公司及股東的利 益為依歸。

本公司已安排適當的責任保險，就向董事採 取的法律行動彌償董事。

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

## CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there has been no change in information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules since the date of the 2022 interim report of the Company.

## INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Each newly appointed Director shall receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of director's responsibilities and obligations under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors will be continuously updated on the statutory and regulatory regime and the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities. Directors are also encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. The joint company secretaries of the Company update the Directors on the latest developments regarding the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements from time to time, to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance practices.

During the Reporting Period, all Directors, namely Mr. Wang Junyang, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Mr. Wong Wai Hung, Ms. Wang Aiqin, Mr. Lv Yubo, Mr. Yeung Ming Lai, Dr. Chen Keji and Mr. Chan Sing Nun, had participated in continuous professional training to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their contribution to the Board.

Directors' knowledge and skills are continuously developed and refreshed by, inter alia, the following means:

- participation in continuous professional training seminars and/or conferences and/or courses and/or workshops on subjects relating to, inter alia, corporate governance, directors' duties and legal and regulatory changes organised and/or arranged by the Company and/or professional bodies and/or lawyers;
- reading materials provided from time to time by the Company to Directors regarding legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance to the Directors in the discharge of their duties; and
- reading news, journals, magazines and/or other reading materials regarding legal and regulatory changes and matters of relevance to the Directors in the discharge of their duties.

## 董事、監事及行政總裁資料的變更

除本年報所披露者外，自本公司之二零二二 年中期報告日期以來，根據香港上市規則第 13.51B(1) 條，概無資料變更須予披露。

## 入職指導及持續專業發展

每位新委任董事均將在首次獲委任時接受 正式、全面及專門為其而設之入職介紹，以 確保其對本公司之業務及運作有適當之了 解，以及全面知悉在香港上市規則及相關法 定規定下董事之責任及義務。

董事將持續獲得有關法律和監管機制以及 業務環境的最新消息，以協助彼等履行其職 責。本公司亦鼓勵董事參與持續專業發展， 以提高及更新彼等的知識及技能。本公司的 聯席公司秘書不時向董事提供有關香港上 市規則及其他適用監管固定之最新進展，以 確保本公司遵守有關規定，及加強董事對良 好企業管治常規的意識。

於報告期間，所有董事（即王君揚先生、陳 旺枝先生、王偉雄先生、王愛勤女士、呂玉 波先生、楊銘澧先生、陳可冀醫生及陳星能 先生）均已參加了持續性職業培訓，就為董 事會作出貢獻提升及更新其知識及技能。

董事透過（其中包括）以下方式不斷發展及 更新知識及技能：

- 參與本公司及╱或專業機構及╱或律 師舉辦及╱或安排有關（其中包括）企 業管治、董事職責及法律與規管變動 之持續專業培訓講座及╱或研討會 及╱或課程及╱或工作坊；
- 本公司不時向董事提供有關法律及規 管變動，以及董事履行其職責之相關 事宜之閱讀資料；及
- 閱覽有關法律及規管變動，以及董事 履行其職責之相關事宜之新聞、期刊、 雜誌及╱或其他閱讀資料。

<!-- image -->

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE

The Company has adopted the Model Code as a code of conduct of the Company for Directors' and Supervisors' securities transactions. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors and Supervisors, the Directors and the Supervisors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period. Employees who are, or likely to be, in possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or the Shares are prohibited from dealing in the Shares during the black-out period.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of the Directors entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years. According to these service contracts, each Director's term of office (a) three years commencing from the date when their respective appointments were approved by the Shareholders; and (b) subject to termination in accordance with their respective terms. The service contracts may be renewed in accordance with the Articles and applicable laws, rules or regulations.

None of the Directors or the Supervisors has entered or is proposed to enter into any service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

The Company has adopted the practice of holding Board meetings for at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals pursuant to code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code. Notice of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting pursuant to code provision C.5.3 of the CG Code.

All Directors are provided with agenda and relevant information in advance before a Board meeting. They have access to the senior management and the joint company secretaries of the Company at all times and, upon reasonable request, may seek independent professional advice at the Company's expense.

Minutes of Board meetings are kept by the secretary to the Board with copies circulated to all Directors for information and records. Minutes of Board meetings and committee meetings record sufficient detail of the matters considered by the Board and the committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors. Draft minutes of Board Meetings and committee meetings are sent to the Directors for comments within a reasonable time after the date on which a meeting is held. The minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

## 標準守則的合規

本公司已採納標準守則作為本公司董事和 監事進行證券交易的行為守則。經向所有董 事及監事作出具體查詢後，在報告期間，已 遵守標準守則規定的所需標準。凡已經或可 能管有未發佈有關本公司或股份內幕信息 的僱員，一概不得於禁止交易期間買賣股份。

## 董事服務合約

每名董事均與本公司訂立初始為期三年的服 務合約。根據這些服務合約，每名董事的任 期為： (a) 由其各自的任命獲股東批准之日起 計三年；及 (b) 根據各自的條款終止的情況下。 服務合約可按照章程及適用法律、法規或條 例予以重續。

概無董事及監事與本公司已訂立或建議訂 立任何服務合約，而本公司不可於一年內毋 須支付賠償 （法定賠償除外） 可予終止。

## 董事會會議及股東大會

本公司根據企業管治守則的守則條文第 C.5.1 條，每年大概以季度計至少召開四次董事會 會議。董事會全體會議的通知將不少於十四 天向所有董事提供，讓他們有機會按照企業 管治守則的守則條文第 C.5.3 條出席定期會 議及把事項納入議程內。

所有董事在董事會會議之前均事先獲提供 議程和相關資料。他們隨時可以接觸本公司 的高級管理層和聯席公司秘書，並經提出合 理要求後，可尋求獨立專業意見，費用由本 公司承擔。

董事會秘書負責保存董事會會議記錄，副本 分發給所有董事傳閱以作參考及記錄。董事 會及委員會的會議記錄載列董事會及委員 會考慮事項的詳盡細節，包括董事提出的任 何疑慮。董事會會議記錄草案在召開會議之 日期後一段合理時間內發送董事以供批註。 董事會會議記錄可供董事查閱。

During the Reporting Period, the Board convened four meetings. A summary of the attendance record of the Directors is set out in the table below:

於報告期間，董事會召開四次會議。董事出 席記錄概要載於下表：

| Name of Directors  董事姓名  Number of meetings attended/eligible to  attend during the year ended 31 December 2022  於截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度期間  出席╱可出席會議次數  Attendance rate  出席率  Executive Directors  執行董事  Mr. Wang Junyang  (Chairman)  王君揚先生 （主席）  4/4  100%  Mr. Chen Wangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)  陳旺枝先生 （行政總裁）  4/4  100%  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  (Vice Chairman)  王偉雄先生 （副主席）  4/4  100%  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  4/4  100%  Non-executive Director  非執行董事  Mr. Lv Yubo  呂玉波先生  4/4  100%  Independent Non-executive Directors  獨立非執行董事  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  4/4  100%  Dr. Chen Keji  陳可冀醫生  4/4  100%  Mr. Chan Sing Nun  陳星能先生  4/4  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the Reporting Period, the Company convened one annual general meeting on 22 June 2022. All Directors attended the annual general meeting, apart from Mr. Lv Yubo and Dr. Chen Keji, who could not attend due to pre-arranged business commitments.

During the Reporting Period, the Chairman held a meeting with independent nonexecutive directors without presence of other directors.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, to handle particular responsibilities of the Board and the Company's affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with defined written terms of reference that have been uploaded to the respective websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, and are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.

於報告期間，本公司於二零二二年六月 二十二日召開一次股東週年大會。除呂玉波 先生及陳可冀醫生因已安排好的商業承諾 未能出席外，其餘所有董事均出席股東週年 大會。

於報告期間，主席與獨立非執行董事舉行一 次無其他董事出席的會議。

## 董事會轄下的委員會

董事會下設三個委員會，即審核委員會、提 名委員會及薪酬委員會，負責處理董事會及 本公司的指定事務。本公司董事會轄下的所 有委員會按照既定書面職權範圍（已上載到 香港聯交所及本公司各自的網站）設立，並 為其提供足夠資源，讓其履行職責。

<!-- image -->

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code and the roles and responsibilities delegated to the Audit Committee by the Board. The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for considering issues relating to the appointment of external auditor and their independence; reviewing the Group's financial information and overseeing the  Group's financial reporting system, risk management and internal control procedures; supervising the Company's internal audit system and its implementation; reviewing connected transactions and their compliance with the relevant terms and rules; reviewing the interim and annual results of the Group prior to recommending them to the Board for approval; and other matters that the Board has authorised it to deal with.

The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Chan Sing Nun (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Yeung Ming Lai and Dr. Chen Keji.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings. At the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed the annual results announcement and annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, the interim results announcement and interim report of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2022, considering issues relating to the external auditor and their independence and appointment, matters relating to the audit of the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022,  as well as the risk management and internal control procedures, reviewed connected transactions and the arrangements that allow employees to raise concerns about the possible misconduct and made suggestions to the Board. A summary of the attendance record of the Audit Committee members is set out in the table below:

## 審核委員會

本公司按照香港上市規則第 3.21 條及第 3.22 條的規定設立審核委員會，書面職權範圍符 合企業管治守則及董事會轉授審核委員會 的角色及職責。審核委員會主要負責審議有 關委任外部核數師及其獨立性的事項；審閱 本集團的財務資料及監督本集團的財務報 告制度、風險管理和內部控制程序；監督本 公司的內部審核制度及其實施情況；審查關 聯交易及其遵守有關條款和法則；於向董事 會提呈以供批准前，審閱本集團的中期和年 度業績；以及董事會授權其處理的其他事項。

審核委員會由三名獨立非執行董事組成，即 陳星能先生（審核委員會主席） 、楊銘澧先 生及陳可冀醫生。

於報告期間，審核委員會召開四次會議。於 會上，審核委員會已審閱本集團截至二零 二一年十二月三十一日止年度之年度業績公 告及年度報告、本集團截至二零二二年六月 三十日止六個月之中期業績公告及中期報告， 審議有關外部核數師及其獨立性及委任的事 項，有關審核本集團截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日止年度綜合財務報表的事宜，以及 風險管理及內部監控程序、審閱關連交易及 允許僱員就可能的不當行為提出關注的安排， 並向董事會作出建議。審核委員會成員出席 記錄概要載於下表：

| Name of committee member  委員會成員姓名  Number of meetings attended/eligible to  attend during the year ended 31 December 2022  於截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度期間  出席╱可出席會議次數  Attendance rate  出席率  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  4/4  100%  Dr. Chen Keji  陳可冀醫生  4/4  100%  Mr. Chan Sing Nun  陳星能先生  4/4  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Company established the Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the requirements of the CG Code and the roles and responsibilities delegated to the Nomination Committee by the Board. The Nomination Committee is primarily responsible for preparing the procedures and criteria for determining the candidates for Directors and the senior management of the Company and conducting preliminary review on their qualifications and credentials, including proposing to the Board on its size and composition in accordance with the Company's operating results, assets and shareholding structure; reviewing the procedures and criteria for determining the candidates for Directors and the chief executive officer of the Company and making proposals to the Board; looking for the qualified candidates for Directors and chief executive officer; reviewing and making proposals on the candidates for the Directors and chief executive officer; reviewing and making proposals on the candidates for the other senior management, on which the Board needs to resolve and other matters that the Board has authorized it to deal with.

The Nomination Committee consists of one executive Director, Mr. Wang Junyang (chairman of the Nomination Committee), and two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Yeung Ming Lai and Dr. Chen Keji.

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy and discussed all measurable objectives set for implementing the policy. Please refer to 'Board Diversity Policy' on page 95 of this annual report for more details.

The Nomination Committee will assess the candidate or incumbent on criteria such as integrity, experience, skill and ability to commit time and effort to carry out the duties and responsibilities. The recommendations of the Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the Nomination Committee (i) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board; (ii) reviewed the independence of the independent nonexecutive Directors; and (iii) reviewed the Company's director Nomination Policy and Diversity Policy. A summary of the attendance record of the Nomination Committee members is set out in the table below:

## 提名委員會

本公司設立提名委員會，書面職權範圍遵照 企業管治守則的規定，以及董事會轉授提名 委員會的角色和職責。提名委員會主要負責 編製本公司董事及高級管理層候選人的輪選 程序及準則，並對其資格和資質進行初步審 查，包括按照本公司的經營業績、資產及持 股架構，向董事會建議其規模及組成；審閱 確定董事和本公司行政總裁候選人的輪選程 序及準則，並向董事會提出建議；就董事及 行政總裁物色合資格候選人；審閱董事及行 政總裁候選人並提出建議；審閱董事會需要 議決的其他高級管理人員候選人並提出建議， 以及董事會授權其處理的其他事項。

提名委員會包括一名執行董事王君揚先生 （提 名委員會主席）及兩名獨立非執行董事楊銘 澧先生及陳可冀醫生組成。

董事會已採納董事會多元化政策，並討論實 施該政策的所有可衡量目標。有關更多詳情， 請參閱本年報第 95 頁的 「董事會多元化政策」 。

提名委員會將按以下標準評估候選人或現 職者，例如誠信、經驗、技能及投入時間及 努力執行職責的能力。提名委員會作出推薦 供董事會決定。

於報告期間，提名委員會召開一次會議。於 會上，提名委員會 (i) 檢討董事會的架構、人 數及成員組合； (ii) 檢討獨立非執行董事的獨 立性；及 (iii) 檢討本公司的董事提名政策及 多元化政策。提名委員會成員出席記錄概要 載於下表：

| Name of committee member  委員會成員姓名  Number of meetings attended/eligible to  attend during the year ended 31 December 2022  於截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度期間  出席╱可出席會議次數  Attendance rate  出席率  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  1/1  100%  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  1/1  100%  Dr. Chen Keji  陳可冀醫生  1/1  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS

When there is a vacancy in the Board, the Nomination Committee evaluates the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the Board, and identifies any special requirements for the vacancy. The Nomination Committee will then identify suitable candidates and convene a Nomination Committee meeting to discuss and vote on the nomination of directors and make recommendation to the Board on the candidate(s) for directorship.

## CRITERIA FOR NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS

The Nomination Committee will consider candidates who possess the particular skills, experience and expertise that will best complement the Board's effectiveness at that time.

In considering the overall balance of the Board's composition, the Nomination Committee will give due consideration to the board diversity policy of the Company.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Company established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code and the roles and the responsibilities delegated to the Remuneration Committee by the Board. The Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for formulating the criteria for and conducting assessment on the Directors and senior management as well as determining and reviewing the remuneration policies and plans for the Directors and senior management, including formulating remuneration plans and proposals in accordance with the terms of reference of the Directors and senior management and the importance of their positions as well as the remuneration benchmarks for the relevant positions in other comparable companies; the remuneration plans and proposals including but not limited to criteria, procedures and main assessment system for performance assessment, main proposals and regulations on award and punishment; reviewing the performance of the Directors and senior management and conducting annual assessment on their performance and results; supervising the implementation of the remuneration policies of the Company and other matters that the Board has authorised it to deal with. The Remuneration Committee has adopted the second model described in paragraph E.1.2(c) under Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules (i.e. make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director and senior management member).

The Remuneration Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Chan Sing Nun (chairman of the Remuneration Committee), Mr. Yeung Ming Lai, and one executive Director, Ms. Wang Aiqin.

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告

提名董事程序

當董事會出現空缺時，提名委員會將評估董 事會所需技巧、知識及經驗，並識別空缺是 否存在任何特殊要求。提名委員會將識別合 適人選並召開提名委員會會議，就提名董事 進行討論及投票，並向董事會推薦擔任董事 的人選。

提名董事的標準

提名委員會將考慮具備能夠最佳輔助促進 董事會效率的個別技能、經驗及專業知識的 人選。

提名委員會於考慮董事會組成的整體平衡時， 將適當顧及本公司董事會多元化政策。

## 薪酬委員會

本公司設立薪酬委員會，書面職權範圍遵照 企業管治守則的規定，以及董事會轉授薪酬 委員會的角色和職責。薪酬委員會主要負責 制定董事及高級管理層的評估準則、並釐定 和審閱董事及高級管理層的薪酬政策和計 劃，包括按照董事及高級管理層的職權範圍、 職位重要性及其他類似公司有關職位的薪 酬基準制定薪酬計劃及建議；薪酬計劃及建 議，包括但不限於績效評估的準則、程序和 主要評核制度、獎勵和處罰的主要方案和規 定；檢討董事及高級管理層的表現及對其表 現及業績進行年度評核；監督本公司薪酬政 策的實施情況和董事會授權處理的其他事 項。薪酬委員會已採納香港上市規則附錄 14 第 E.1.2(c) 段所述的第二個模式（即向董事會 提交個別執行董事及高級管理層的薪酬待 遇建議） 。

薪酬委員會由兩名獨立非執行董事陳星能 先生（薪酬委員會主席） 、楊銘澧先生及一 名執行董事王愛勤女士組成。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告

The primary goal of the Group's remuneration policy is to enable the Directors and senior management to be competitively rewarded having regard to the Group's operating results, roles and responsibilities and individual performance of the directors and senior management and comparable market practices.

Details of the Directors' emoluments and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes 9 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.

The remuneration of the members of senior management (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding Directors and Supervisors) by band during the Reporting Period is set out below:

本集團薪酬政策的主要目標是讓董事及高 級管理層在考慮本集團的經營業績、角色和 職責以及董事和高級管理人員的個別表現， 以至可比市場常規後，能夠給予具競爭力的 獎勵。

有關董事酬金及五位最高薪人士的詳情載 於綜合財務報表附註 9 及 10 。

於報告期間，高級管理層的成員薪酬（為免 生疑，不包括董事及監事）按薪酬範圍劃分 如下：

| Remuneration band  薪酬範圍  Number of individuals  個體人數  HK$500,001 - HK$1,000,000  500,001  港元至  1,000,000  港元  4  HK$1,000,001 - HK$1,500,000  1,000,001  港元至  1,500,000  港元  2  HK$1,500,001 - HK$2,000,000  1,500,001  港元至  2,000,000  港元  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting. At the meeting, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the matters relating to the reviewing and made proposals on the remuneration package of Directors and senior management of the Company and made suggestions to the Board. A summary of the attendance record of the Remuneration Committee members is set out in the table below:

於報告期間，薪酬委員會召開一次會議。於 會上，薪酬委員會審議有關檢討本公司董事 及高級管理層的薪酬待遇有關事宜及提出 建議，並向董事會作出建議。薪酬委員會成 員出席記錄概要載於下表：

| Name of committee member  委員會成員姓名  Number of meetings attended/eligible to  attend during the year ended 31 December 2022  於截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度期間  出席╱可出席會議次數  Attendance rate  出席率  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  1/1  100%  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  1/1  100%  Mr. Chan Sing Nun  陳星能先生  1/1  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board has adopted a board diversity policy and discussed all measurable objectives set for implementing the policy, which will form the basis of the Board's considerations in 2022. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board with a view to enhancing its effectiveness and achieving a high standard of corporate governance. It endeavors to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company's business. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision of all Board appointments should be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the board diversity policy to ensure its effectiveness and considered that the Group achieved the objectives of its board diversity policy for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The Board currently comprises of eight directors, of which four are executive directors, one is non-executive director and three are independent nonexecutive directors. Among which, one director is female and seven directors are male and two in the age group of 30-40; one in the age group of 41-50; two in the age group of 51-60; and three in the age group over 61. The Board has an appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity that are relevant to the Company's strategy, governance and business; executive leadership &amp; strategy; accounting professionals/financial management expertise and legal professionals/regulatory and compliance/risk management.

The Board targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation, with the ultimate goal of achieving gender parity.

## WORKFORCE DIVERSITY

The gender ratio in the workforce (including senior management) for the year ended 31 December 2022 is 26:74 (male:female). The total gender diversity of the Group is considered balanced as the Group is mainly engaged in the operation of hospitals where a majority of the labour forces including nurses and healthcare workers are female and the Group will continue to maintain the gender diversity in workforce. For further details of gender ratio, please refer to the disclosure in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report.

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

## 董事會多元化政策

董事會已採納董事會多元化政策，並討論實 施該政策的所有可衡量目標，此將成為董事 會於二零二二年考量的基準。本公司意識到 並擁護具有多元化董事會的利益，旨在提高 其效用並實現高水平的企業管治。本公司致 力確保董事會在技能、經驗和多元化觀點各 方面取得平衡，適合本公司業務的需要。候 選人的輪選將以一系列多元化觀點為基礎， 包括但不限於性別、年齡、文化和教育背景、 種族、專業經驗、技能、知識和服務年期。 所有董事會任命的最終決定，應以輪選的候 選人將為董事會帶來的提供的長處和貢獻 為基礎。提名委員會已審閱董事會多元化政 策以確保其有效，並認為本集團已於截至二 零二二年十二月三十一日止年度達成董事 會成員多元化政策的目標。

董事會目前由八名董事組成，其中四名為執 行董事，一名為非執行董事及三名為獨立非 執行董事。其中，一名董事為女性，七名董 事為男性，兩名董事年齡處於 30-40 歲；一 名董事年齡處於 41-50 歲；兩名董事年齡處 於 51-60 歲；以及三名董事年齡為 61 歲以上。 董事會具備適當比例之技能、經驗及多元化 因素，而該等技能、經驗及多元化因素與本 公司的戰略、管治及業務；行政指導及戰略； 會計專業人員╱財務管理專業知識及法律 專業人士╱監管及合規╱風險管理息息相關。

董事會旨在維持當前水平的女性代表，最終 目標為達致兩性平等。

## 僱員多元化

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度，僱 員（包括高級管理人員）的性別比例為 26 ： 74 （男性：女性） 。本集團的整體性別多元化 被認為屬平衡，原因為本集團的主要業務為 醫院營運，其中大部分員工（包括護士及醫 護人員）為女性，本集團將繼續保持僱員的 性別多元化。有關性別比例的進一步詳情， 請參閱環境、社會及管治報告中的披露內容。

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including but not limited to:

- (a) to review the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report;
- (b) to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional development of Directors, Supervisors and senior management; and
- (c) to review and monitor the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.

During the Reporting Period, the Board had reviewed the above corporate governance duties.

## DIRECTORS' AND AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group's financial performance and cash flows. The Directors also acknowledge their responsibilities to ensure that the consolidated financial statements of the Group are published in a timely manner.

The management of the Company has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company's consolidated financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company provides all members of the Board with updates on the Company's performance, positions and prospects.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group's ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement prepared by the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the Company is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 167 to 173 of this annual report.

## 企業管治職能

董事會負責履行企業管治職責，包括但不限 於：

- (a) 審閱本公司在企業管治報告中遵守企 業管治守則及資料披露的情況；
- (b) 審閱及監督董事、監事及高級管理層 的培訓和持續專業發展；及
- (c) 審閱及監督本公司遵守法律和法規要 求的政策及常規。

於報告期間，董事會已審閱上述企業管治職 責。

## 董事及核數師對就財務報表進行財 務報告的責任

董事承認其編製截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日止年度之綜合財務報表的責任，據 此真實和公平地呈列本公司及本集團的狀 況以及本集團的財務表現及現金流量。董事 亦承認其負責確保本集團的綜合財務報表 及時刊發。

本公司管理層向董事會提供所需解釋及資 料，使董事會能夠對向董事會提呈批准本公 司的綜合財務報表進行知情評估。本公司向 董事會全體成員提供本公司表現、狀況及前 景的最新情況。

董事並不知悉有關事件或條件的任何重大 不確定因素，可能對本集團持續經營的能力 構成重大質疑。

本公司核數師就本公司綜合財務報表的報 告責任編製的陳述載於本年報第 167 至 173 頁 「獨立核數師報告」 。

<!-- image -->

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for reviewing their effectiveness at least annually. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight and corporate governance roles in the Group's financial, operational, compliance, risk management and internal controls, and the resourcing of the finance and internal audit functions.

Appropriate policies and controls have been designed and established to ensure that assets are safeguarded against improper use or disposal, relevant rules and regulations are adhered to and complied with, reliable financial and accounting records are maintained in accordance with relevant accounting standards and regulatory reporting requirements, and key risks that may impact on the Group's performance are appropriately identified and managed. The systems and internal control procedures can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, as they are designed to manage, rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives.

The Board has in place internal control procedures in ensuring any continuing connected transactions are conducted in compliance with their terms and the applicable requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

An internal audit function has been established to perform regular financial and operational reviews and recommend necessary actions to the relevant management. The internal audit function is to ensure the risk management and internal control procedures are in place and function properly as intended. The internal audit function also reviews the continuing connected transactions of the Group and the adequacy and effectiveness of the relevant internal control procedures. The results of the internal audit are reported to the Audit Committee. The independent non-executive Directors, in performing their review of the continuing connected transactions of the Group, also take into account the findings of the internal audit function.

## 風險管理與內部控制

董事會負責本集團的風險管理和內部控制 制度，並至少每年審閱其有效性。審核委員 會協助董事會履行本集團財務、運作、合規、 風險管理和內部控制的監督和企業管治職責， 以及財務及內部審核職能的資源。

本公司已設計及設定適當的政策和控制措施， 確保資產受到保障，不致於不當使用或處置， 依法遵守有關規章制度，依照有關會計準則 和監管報告要求存置可靠的財務及會計記錄， 而可能對本集團業績造成影響的主要風險 已適當地識別出來及予以管理。系統和內部 控制程序只能對防止重大錯報或損失提供 合理而不是絕對鑒證，因為這些安排僅是旨 在控制而不是消除未能實現業務目標的風險。

董事會已制定內部控制程序，確保任何持續 關連交易按照香港上市規則的條款及適用 規定進行。

本公司已建立內部審計功能，定期進行財務 和業務審查，並向有關管理層建議所需的行 動。內部審計功能的工作是確保風險管理和 內部控制程序到位並按預期正常運行。內部 審計功能還對本集團持續關連交易及相關 內部控制程序的充分性和有效性進行了檢討。 內部審計結果向審核委員會報告。獨立非執 行董事對本集團的持續關連交易進行審閱時， 亦會考慮到內部審計功能的調查結果。

## Corporate Governance Report 企業管治報告

Clinical risks are particularly relevant to the Group's hospital operations and a key area of the Group's clinical governance. The Group has adopted a three-tier risk management approach to identify, assess, mitigate and handle these risks. At the first line of defence, the hospitals' front-line staff, guided by clearly defined procedures, are responsible for identifying, assessing and monitoring risks associated with day-to-day operations. The hospital managers and executives, as the second line of defence, implement rules and procedures, provide coaching and support, and deal with, and analyse unusual and unexpected fact patterns and outcomes detected or anticipated by their staff. They ensure that risks are within the acceptable range in the ordinary course of business and that the first line of defence is effective. They also continuously benchmark against international best practice and collate lessons learnt from past incidents to identify areas of improvements. As the final line of defence, the Audit Committee and the internal audit function of the Company ensure that the first and second lines of defence are effective through constant inspection, monitoring and making recommendations to improve the relevant processes. On an ongoing basis, each hospital of the Group reviews and assesses the status of potential risks which may impact on its ability to achieve its business objectives and/or those of the Group. This review process includes assessment as to whether the existing system of internal controls continues to remain relevant, adequately addresses potential risks, and/or should be supplemented. The results of these reviews are regularly reported to the senior management and the Board. Such top-down and company-wide risk management system is intended to cover every aspect of the Group's clinical operations.

The Board from time to time and at least annually reviews the significant risk factors affecting the operations of the Group as a whole and is cognizant that the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic has become a relevant risk factor to the hospital operations (including, in particular, the health and safety of patients and staff) of the Group. The COVID-19 pandemic in the PRC is considered well under control, however, it remains to be seen whether it will result in material and longterm disruptions to the Group's operations.

The Audit Committee was satisfied as to the implementation and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control procedures. There were no matters of material concerns relating to financial, operational or compliance controls. The Board is satisfied with the adequacy of the risk management and internal control procedures of the Group during the Reporting Period.

臨床風險與本集團的醫院業務和本集團臨 床治理的重點領域特別相關。本集團採用三 級制風險管理方式，對風險進行識別、評估、 減輕和處理。在第一道防線方面，醫院前線 員工以清楚界定的程序為指引，負責識別、 評估和監測與日常營運有關的風險。作為第 二道防線的醫院管理人員和行政人員執行 規則和程序，提供指導和支持，及處理和分 析工作人員發現或預期的異常和意想不到 的事件模式和結果。他們確保風險在日常業 務過程中處於可接受的範圍內，第一道防線 是有效的。他們還不斷評估國際最佳常規， 並整理從過去事件中汲取的教訓，以確定改 進範疇。作為最後一道防線，本公司的審核 委員會和內部審計功能通過不斷的檢查、監 督並提出建議以改進相關程序，確保第一道 防線和第二道防線的有效性。在持續的基礎 上，本集團每家醫院審查和評估潛在風險的 狀況，這些風險可能會影響該醫院實現其業 務目標的能力和╱或本集團的能力。這個審 查過程包括評估現有內部控制制度是否繼 續保持相關性，充分解決潛在風險和╱或應 予以補充。這些審查的結果定期向高級管理 層及董事會報告。這種自上而下及涵蓋全公 司的風險管理制度，旨在讓本集團臨床營運 的各個方面均可以得到保障。

董事會不時且至少每年審查影響本集團整 體運營的重大風險因素，並認識到空前的 COVID-19 疫情已成為本集團醫院運營的相關 風險因素（包括 （尤其是） 病人及醫護人員的 健康及安全） 。中國的 COVID-19 疫情被視為 處於良好控制之下，惟疫情是否會嚴重及長 期中斷本集團的運營尚待觀察。

審核委員會對本集團風險管理和內部控制 程序的實施和有效性感到滿意。概無關於財 務、運營或合規控制的重大事項。董事會對 報告期間本集團風險管理和內部控制程序 的充足性感到滿意。

<!-- image -->

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

除審閱本集團內的風險管理和內部控制外， 外部核數師還對若干主要風險管理和內部 控制的充足性及有效性進行評估，作為其法 定審核的一部份。在適當的情況下，本公司 採納外部核數師的建議，並對風險管理和內 部控制進行改進。

## 舉報政策

本公司期望並鼓勵本集團僱員及與之有往 來的人士（如供應商、客戶、債權人及債務 人） 以保密方式向本公司舉報有關本集團內 任何涉嫌不當的行為、不端行為或瀆職行為。 本公司採納舉報政策，為舉報潛在不當行為 提供舉報途徑及指引，並向檢舉人士保證本 集團將在正式系統中向彼等提供保護。

舉報政策將定期審閱，任何可疑案件均將上 報至審核委員會。

## 反腐敗政策

本公司絕不容忍其董事、高級職員、僱員、 代理人或顧問或為其或代表其行事的任何 人士或公司任何形式的直接或間接賄賂。本 公司採納反腐敗政策，協助僱員識別可能導 致或看似涉及腐敗或不道德商業行為的情況， 從而避免此類明確禁止的行為，並於必要時 及時尋求指導。

反腐敗政策將定期審閱，任何經證實的案件 均將上報至董事會。

## 內幕消息的發佈

就處理和發佈內幕消息的程序和內部控制， 本公司：

- (i) 知悉其根據證券及期貨條例及香港上 市規則所承擔的責任，而當中最重要 的原則，為若決定有關消息為內幕消 息，則應立即公佈；
- (ii) 於處理時密切關注適用法律和法規；

In addition to the review of risk management and internal controls undertaken within the Group, the external auditor also assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of certain key risk management and internal controls as part of their statutory audits. Where appropriate, the external auditor's recommendations are adopted and enhancements to the risk management and internal controls will be made.

## WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

The Company expects and encourages employees of the Group and those who deal with the Group (e.g. suppliers, customers, creditors and debtors) to report to the Company, in confidence, any suspected impropriety, misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. The Company adopts the whistleblowing policy to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the formal system.

The whistleblowing policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any suspected cases will be reported to the Audit Committee.

## ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

The Company does not tolerate any form of bribery, whether direct or indirect, by, or of, its Directors, officers, employees, agents or consultants or any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts the anti-corruption policy in assisting the employees in recognising circumstances which may lead to or give the appearance of being involved in corruption or unethical business conduct, so as to avoid such conduct which is clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary.

The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any convicted cases will be reported to the Board.

## DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Company:

- (i) is aware of its obligations under the SFO and the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the overriding principle that inside information should be announced immediately if it is the subject of a decision;
- (ii) conducts its affairs with close regard to the applicable laws and regulations;

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

- (iii) has established a policy and implemented guidelines for monitoring, reporting and disseminating inside information to our shareholders, investors, analysts and media by pursuing broad, non-exclusive distribution of  information through channels such as financial reporting, public announcements and its website. These policies and guidelines also identify who are the Company's authorised spokespersons and their responsibilities for communications with stakeholders; and
- (iv) has communicated to all relevant staff regarding the implementation of the policy and relevant trainings are also provided.

The Company discloses inside information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within any of the safe harbours as provided in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to the public, the Company ensures the information is kept strictly confidential. If the Company believes that the necessary degree of confidentiality cannot be maintained or that confidentiality may have been breached, the Group would immediately disclose the information to the public. The Company is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the total fees paid/payable in respect of audit and non-audit services provided by the Group's auditor are set out below:

(iii)

就通過財務報告、公告及其網站等渠 道，廣泛地、非排他性地發佈消息， 監督、報告及向股東、投資者、分析 員及媒體發佈內幕消息制定政策及實 行指引。這些政策及指引亦識別出本 公司授權的發言人以及與利益相關方 溝通的責任；及

- (iv) 已向所有有關人員通報了有關政策的 實施情況，並提供相關培訓。

本公司在合理切實可行的情況下儘快向公 眾披露內幕消息，除非消息屬於證券及期貨 條例所容許的安全港條文內。消息於向公眾 全面披露前，本公司應確保消息嚴格保密。 如果本公司認為不能保持所需的保密程度 或可能違反保密規定，本集團應立即向公眾 披露消息。鑒於以清晰及均衡的方式提供資 料，需要同等披露利好和利空的事實，本公 司致力確保公告或通函中所載的資料對於 重大事實不構成虛假或誤導，或通過遺漏重 大事實以致虛假或誤導。

## 核數師酬金

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度，本 集團核數師提供的審計和非審計服務已付╱ 應付的費用總額如下：

| RMB'000  人民幣千元  Audit services  審計服務  - Audit services in connection with the audit of the consolidated  financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  provided by Bakertilly  －  關於天職提供的審計截至  二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度的  綜合財務報表的審計服務  1,650  Non-Audit services  非審計服務  - Review of interim condensed consolidated financial statements  for the six months ended 30 June 2022 provided by EY  －  安永提供的審閱截至二零二二年六月  三十日止六個月的中期簡明綜合財務  報表  280  Total  合計  1,930   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Ms. Chau Hing Ling of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, an external service provider, has been engaged by the Company as one of the joint company secretaries. Her primary contact person at the Company is Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky, the chief financial officer of the Company and the other joint company secretary.

During the Reporting Period, both of Ms. Chau Hing Ling and Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky have undertaken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Board believes that effective communication with investors is essential for establishing investors' confidence and attracting new investors. The Group also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information which enables investors to make the best investment decision.

The Company adopted the shareholders communication policy, which set out the framework the Company has put in place to promote effective communication with shareholders so as to enable them to engage actively with the Company and exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner. The shareholders communication policy will be reviewed on a regular basis by the Board.

The Company has established a range of communication channels between itself and its Shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. These include (i) the publication of interim and annual reports and/or dispatching circulars, notices, and other announcements; (ii) the annual general meeting or extraordinary general meeting providing a forum for Shareholders to raise comments and exchanging views with the Board; (iii) updated and key information of the Group available on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website; (iv) the Company's website offering communication channel between the Company and its stakeholders; (v) the Company's share registrar in Hong Kong serving the Shareholders in respect of all share registration matters; and (vi) convening investor meeting and/or analyst briefings, which are led by our executive Directors and investor relations team with existing and potential investors.

## 聯席公司秘書

外部服務供應商 Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited 的周慶齡女士已獲本公司委聘為聯席 公司秘書之一，其於本公司的首要聯絡人為 本公司首席財務官兼另一名聯席公司秘書 黃偉恒先生。

於報告期間，周慶齡女士及黃偉恒先生均已 遵照香港上市規則第 3.29 條已進行不少於 15 小時的相關專業培訓。

## 與股東的溝通及投資者關係

董事會認為，與投資者維持有效溝通，對於 建立投資者的信心和吸引新的投資者至關 重要。本集團亦意識到透明度和及時披露公 司消息的重要性，使投資者能夠作出最佳投 資決策。

本公司採納股東通訊政策，當中載列本公司 現有之框架，以促進與股東之間的有效溝通， 從而讓股東積極與本公司溝通並以知情方 式行使其股東權利。股東通訊政策將由董事 會定期審閱。

本公司已於其自身與股東、投資者及其他持 份者之間建立一系列溝通渠道，包括 (i) 刊發 中期及年度報告及╱或寄發通函、通告及其 他公告； (ii) 舉行股東週年大會或股東特別大 會，為股東提供平台以便向董事會提出及交 流意見； (iii) 於本公司及聯交所網站登載本集 團最新重要資料； (iv) 於本公司網站提供本 公司與其持份者之間的通訊渠道； (v) 本公司 香港股份登記處就所有股份登記事宜為股 東提供服務；及 (vi) 召開投資者會議及╱或 分析簡報會，由我們的執行董事及投資者關 係團隊與現有及有意投資者進行指導及交流。

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

Published documents together with the latest corporate information and news are available on the Company's website at http://www.kanghuagp.com. Investors can also communicate with the Company through email at kh@kanghuagp.com.

Having considered the multiple channels of communication, the Board is satisfied that the shareholders communication policy has been properly implemented during the Reporting Period and is effective.

## DIVIDEND CONSIDERATIONS

The payment of dividend is to allow the Shareholder to participate in the Company's profits whilst retaining adequate reserves to sustain the Group's operations and future growth. The declaration, form, frequency and amount of dividend to be paid by the Company must comply with relevant laws and regulations and the Articles. In deciding whether to recommend any dividend, the Board will take into account a number of factors, including financial performance, reserves, operations and liquidity requirements and development plans of the Company. The Board will comprehensively consider other relevant factors as appropriate from time to time. The Company does not have a fixed dividend distribution ratio.

PRC laws require that dividends be paid only out of the profit for the year calculated according to PRC accounting principles, which differ in many aspects from the generally accepted accounting principles in other jurisdictions, including the IFRS. Distributions from the Company and its subsidiaries may also become subject to any restrictive covenants in bank credit facilities, convertible bond instruments or other agreements that the Company or its subsidiaries may enter into in the future.

The amount of any dividend actually distributed to the Shareholders will depend upon the Group's earnings and financial condition, operating requirements, capital requirements and any other conditions that the Directors may deem relevant and may be subject to approval of the Shareholders. The Board has an absolute discretion to recommend any dividend for any year. There is no assurance that dividends of any amount will be declared or distributed in any year.

本 公 司 已 刊 發 的 文 件 ， 連 同 最 新 公 司 消 息 和 新 聞 ， 可 於 本 公 司 網 站 http://www.kanghuagp.com 查閱。投資者亦 可以通過電子郵件 kh@kanghuagp.com 與本 公司進行溝通。

經考慮多個通訊渠道，董事會信納股東溝通 政策已於報告期間妥善執行並屬有效。

## 股息考慮

派付股息有利於股東參與分享本公司溢利， 同時保有充足儲備金用於維持本集團的營 運及未來發展。本公司的股息宣派、形式、 頻次及金額必須符合有關法律法規及細則。 在釐定是否建議任何股息時，董事會將會考 慮多項因素，包括本公司的財務表現、儲備、 經營及流動資金需求以及發展計劃。董事會 將不時綜合考慮其他適當的有關因素。本公 司並沒有固定的股息分配比率。

中國法律規定，股息僅可根據中國會計準則 計算的年度溢利中派付，在多數方面有別於 其他司法管轄權區的公認會計準則（包括國 際財務報告準則） 。本公司及其附屬公司的 分派亦可受銀行信貸融資的任何限制性契 諾、可換股債券文據或本公司或其附屬公司 未來可能訂立的其他協議限制。

股東應佔的實際可分派股息金額將視乎於 本集團的盈利及財務狀況、經營規定、資本 規定及任何其他董事可能視為有關的條件， 並可能須取得股東批准。董事會有絕對酌情 建議派付任何年度的任何股息。概無保證任 何金額的股息將於任何年度宣派或分派。

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

Procedures for Shareholder(s) to Convene an Extraordinary General Meeting ('EGM')

Shareholders requesting the convening of an EGM shall proceed in accordance with the procedures set forth below.

The Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 10% of the Shares with the voting power at the proposed meeting have the right to request the Board to hold the EGM or a class meeting in writing. According to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles, the Board shall give written feedback to agree or disagree to hold the EGM or the class meeting within ten days after receiving the proposal.

If the Board agrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting, a meeting notice shall be given within five days after the Board makes such a resolution. Changes to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant Shareholders.

If  the  Board disagrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting or fails to give feedback within ten days after receiving the request, the Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 10% of the Shares have the right to request the Supervisory Committee to hold the EGM or the class meeting in writing.

If  the  Supervisory Committee agrees to hold the EGM or the class meeting, a meeting notice shall be given within five days after receiving the request. Changes to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant Shareholders.

If the Supervisory Committee fails to give the notice of the EGM within the specified period, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee does not convene or preside over the Shareholders' meeting. Shareholders who individually or jointly hold 10% or more of the Shares for not less than 90 consecutive days may convene and preside over the EGM by themselves. The expenses of the Shareholders' meeting held by the Supervisory Committee or Shareholders by themselves shall be borne by the Company.

## 股東權利

股東召開臨時股東大會 （ 「臨時股東大 會」 ） 的程序

股東要求召開臨時股東大會應按照下列程 序進行。

凡單獨或共同持有擬召開的大會投票權 10% 以上股份的股東，有權以書面要求董事會召 開臨時股東大會或類別股東會議。根據法律、 行政法規及章程，董事會在收到提案後十日 內，給予書面反饋，同意或不同意召開臨時 股東大會或類別股東會議。

如董事會同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別股 東會議時，應在董事會作出決議後五日內發 出會議通告。通告中對原始提案的變更應由 相關股東批准。

如董事會不同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別 股東會議，或者在收到要求後十日內未能提 供反饋意見，凡個人或共同持有 10% 以上股 份的股東有權以書面形式要求監事會召開 臨時股東大會或類別股東會議。

如監事會同意舉行臨時股東大會或類別股 東會議，應當在收到要求後五日內發出會議 通告。通告中對原始提案的變更應由相關股 東批准。

如監事會在指定期限內未能發出臨時股東 大會通告，視為監事會未能召開或主持股東 大會。凡單獨或共同持有 10% 或以上股份不 少於連續 90 天的股東可以自行召開並主持 臨時股東大會。監事會或股東自行舉行的股 東大會，費用由本公司承擔。

## Corporate Governance Report

企業管治報告

Procedures for Shareholder(s) to Put Forward Proposals at a General Meeting

When the Company holds a Shareholders' general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 3% of the Shares have the right to submit proposals to the Company. Shareholders individually or jointly holding over 3% of the Shares may put forward interim proposal and submit to the convener in writing ten days before the EGM.

Procedures for Directing Shareholders' Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through Mr. Wong Wai Hang Ricky, the chief financial officer and joint company secretary of the Company. His contact details are as follows:

## Address:

Unit 3207, Metroplaza Tower 2

223 Hing Fong Road, Kwai Fong New Territories, Hong Kong Tel: (852) 2428-2880 Fax: (852) 2428-2630 Email: kh@kanghuagp.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

## CHANGE IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There is no significant change in the articles of association during the Reporting Period. The currently valid Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.

於股東大會上向股東提呈議案的程序

當本公司舉行股東大會時，董事會、監事會 及單獨或共同持股 3% 以上股份的股東有權 向本公司提呈議案。單獨或共同持有 3% 以 上股份的股東可提出臨時議案，並於臨時股 東大會前十日以書面形式向召集人提呈。

股東向董事會查詢的程序

股東可隨時通過與本公司首席財務官兼聯 席公司秘書黃偉恒先生以書面形式向董事 會提出查詢及所關注的問題。黃先生的聯繫 詳情如下：

地址：

香港新界 葵芳興芳路 223 號 新都會廣場第二座 3207 室

電話：

(852) 2428-2880

傳真：

(852) 2428-2630

電郵：

kh@kanghuagp.com

股東亦可在本公司股東大會上向董事會查詢。

## 章程文件的更改

於報告期間，公司章程並無重大變動。當前 有效的公司章程可在香港聯交所及本公司 網站上查閱。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

董事會欣然提呈本公司截至二零二二年十二 月三十一日止年度的環境、社會及管治報 告 （ 「環境、社會及管治報告」 ） 。環境、社會 及管治報告的內容符合香港上市規則附錄 二十七所載的有關環境、社會及管治報告指 引。

環境、社會及管治報告涵蓋本集團位於康華 醫院 （包括康華醫院－華為門診） 、仁康醫院、 康心醫院、仁康護理院及康復業務（安徽樺 霖集團） （ 「有關經營業務」 ） 。

如有任何有關環境、社會及管治報告的意 見或建議，可發送至本公司的電郵地址 kh@kanghuagp.com 。

## 1. 環境、社會及管治管理制度

- 1.1 環境、社會及管治的核心價值

本集團致力於將企業、社會及環 境責任融入本集團營運的各個方 面，以實現可持續發展。為此， 本集團已實施各項環境、社會及 管治政策：

- (a) 遵守有關企業環境、社會 及管治的法律、規則及法 規規定；
- (b) 促進建立及改進企業環境、 社會及管治的有關管理制 度及機制；
- (c) 注重以最高的合理道德及 專業標準提供以患者為中 心的醫療服務；
- (d) 積極與持份者參與，以識 別本集團營運的企業、社 會及環境方面不斷變化的 需求；及
- (e) 鼓勵員工節約能源、珍惜 資源、支持及推進節能減 排措施。

The Board is pleased to present the environmental, social and governance report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 'ESG Report'). The contents of the ESG Report are in compliance with the relevant environmental, social and governance reporting guidelines set out in Appendix 27 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

The ESG Report covers the Group's operations at Kanghua Hospital (including Kanghua Hospital - Huawei Clinic), Renkang Hospital, Kangxin Hospital, Renkang Elderly Care Centre and the rehabilitation operations ( the Anhui Hualin Group) (the 'Relevant Operations').

Any opinions or suggestions in relation to the ESG Report may be sent to the Company's email address at: kh@kanghuagp.com.

## 1. ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

## 1.1 Core values in environmental, social and governance

The Group is committed to integrating corporate, social and environmental responsibilities into various aspects of the Group's operations for achieving sustainable development. To this end, the Group has implemented various environmental, social and governance policies:

- (a) compliance with the requirements of the laws, rules and regulations on the corporate environment, society and governance;
- (b) promotion of the establishment and improvement of relevant management systems and mechanisms in corporate environment, society and governance;
- (c) emphasis on delivering patient-centric healthcare services with the highest possible ethical and professional standard;
- (d) active engagement with stakeholders to identify changing needs in corporate, social and environmental aspect of the Group's operations; and
- (e) encourages staff to save energy, cherish resources, support and promote measures on energy-saving and emission reduction.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group has set up a special working group formed by the management and hospital executives and managers of each hospital and operating facilities to promote the above policies and prepare the relevant disclosures and report to the Board.

## 1.2 The communication and responses among the stakeholders

As part of the Group's sustainable development objectives, the Group maintains communication with stakeholders through various channels with a view to proactively responding to stakeholders' requests and fostering the Group's capability in fulfilling its environmental and social responsibilities:

本集團已成立了專項工作小組， 成員包括管理層及各醫院及營運 設施的醫院行政人員及管理人員， 以推動上述政策及編製相關披露， 並向董事會匯報。

## 1.2 持份者溝通與回應

作為本集團可持續發展目標的一 部分，本集團通過多種渠道與持 份者保持溝通，旨在主動回應持 份者的要求及促進本集團更好地 履行環境及社會責任：

| Stakeholders  Communication and responses  Key issues  持份者  溝通與回應  主要事項  Investors/shareholders  Shareholders'  general  meetings,  annual reports and interim reports,  results  announcements, corporate  announcements, investors conferences  Corporate  governance  and  strategic  development and directions  投資者╱股東  股東大會、年報與中期報告、業績公  告、企業公告、投資者大會  企業管治及戰略發展及方向  Government and regulatory  authorities  Regular communications, field visits,  meetings,  operating  information  disclosure and reporting  Strict  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and regulations, license,  maintaining  and renewal hospital classification, anti-  corruption,  environmental  protection,  responsive to the government's latest policies  and directives on healthcare  政府及監管機構  定期溝通、實地視察、會議、營運資  料披露及報告  嚴格遵照適用法律法規、牌照、維持及  重續醫院分類、反貪污、環境保護、響應  政府有關醫療的最新政策及指引  Staff  Labour union, regular communications  between staff and management, staff  activities, regular in-house publications,  trainings and education, responsibility  and accountability systems  Staff retention, collegiality, quality standard,  ethical  practice,  career  progression,  development and training, workplace health  and safety, fair and reasonable reward and  punishment mechanisms  員工  職工工會、員工與管理層定期溝通、  員工活動、定期內部刊物、培訓與教  育、責任及問責制度  員工留聘、合作關係、質量標準、道德操 守、職業發展、發展與培訓，工作場所健 康與安全、公正合理的獎懲機制   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| Stakeholders  Communication and responses  Key issues  持份者  溝通與回應  主要事項  Suppliers  Due diligence, meetings, negotiations,  regular review of cooperation and  quality  check,  internal  audit  of  procurements and prescriptions by  doctors  Stable and uninterrupted supply of quality  pharmaceuticals, medical consumables  and medical equipment on terms no less  favourable than market, proper qualifications  and licenses, service support and training on  equipment, anti-corruption, environmentally  preferable purchasing  供應商  盡職調查、會議、談判、定期審查合  作及質量檢查、採購內部審核及醫生  處方  按不遜於市場的條款穩定且不間斷地供  應優質的藥品、醫療耗材及醫療設備、  適當的資格及牌照、設備的服務支持及  培訓、反腐敗、環保採購  Patients  Day to day operations and communications,  dedicated customer service, satisfaction  surveys and feedback, service complaints  and response systems  Clinical standard and the Group's reputation  as a quality and ethical healthcare services  provider, patient satisfaction, anti-corruption  (e.g. refusing 'red packets')  患者  日常運營及溝通、專責的客戶服務，  滿意度調查與反饋、服務投訴及回應  系統  臨床標準及本集團作為優質及高道德標  準的醫療服務提供商的聲譽、患者滿意度、  反腐敗 （如拒絕 「紅包」 ）  Community  Community activities,  public  health  awareness  events,  free  medical  consultations,  regular  in-house  publications,  donations,  supporting  charitable causes  Improving the community's awareness of  public health and safety and the profile  of  the  Group  as  a  socially  responsible  healthcare services provider, addressing  healthcare needs from the underserved and  unprivileged  社區  社區活動、公共衛生意識活動、免費  醫療諮詢、定期內部刊物、捐贈、支  持慈善事業  提高社區對公共衛生與安全的意識及本  集團作為對社會負責的醫療服務提供商  的形象、處理服務不足的基層醫療機構  的醫療需求  Healthcare facilities  Mutual cooperation and patient referrals,  t e c h n i c a l   a s s i s t a n c e   t o   l o w e r - t i e r  hospitals, multisite doctor practice  Delivery of optimal clinical solutions to  address the different needs of patients,  referral of patients requiring acute, complex  and critical care from lower-tier hospitals to  the Group, the Group's influential presence  in the industry  醫療機構  相互合作及病人轉診，向下級醫院提  供技術援助、醫生多點執業  提供最佳的臨床解決方案，以滿足患者  的不同需求、將較低等級醫院的急診、  疑難雜症及重症監護的患者轉診至本集  團、本集團業內有影響力的地位   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 2. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

The Group regularly keeps track of the latest national and regional environmental laws and regulations and adopts all necessary measures to comply with them. The Board considers that wastewaters and solid wastes (particularly medical wastes) produced by the Group's hospitals and operating facilities are particularly relevant to environmental protection. The Group is compliant with applicable laws and regulations, including, the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Regulations on Urban Drainage and Sewage Treatment, the Regulations on the Management of Medical Waste and the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Waste. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had not been subject to any penalties in relation to environmental protection.

Developing sustainable best practices requires modification of staff behavior, and this occurs most frequently through ongoing staff education. Education and supporting processes are one of the most critical elements to effective implementation of environmental protection initiatives and reduction in environmental footprint.

In particular, with the outstanding performance of Kanghua Hospital in the National Greening Action promoted by the PRC, it was recognised as the 'Model National Greening Unit', which is the only Grade A Class III hospital in the PRC bestowed with such award. Kanghua Hospital has achieved a green space and greening coverage ratio of over 60%, providing patients with a pleasant hospital environment surrounded by greenery.

## 2.1 Wastewaters

Hospitals discharge considerable amounts of chemicals and microbial agents in their wastewaters. Many substances contained in  the  wastewaters, such as chemicals, medicine residues as well as pathogenic resistant bacteria and viruses, resist normal wastewater treatment and could pose a danger to public health and the environment if released untreated into the public sewer system. Due to the chemical and biochemical contaminants, the wastewaters treatment requires specialised technologies and processes that cannot be feasibly conducted at the source. The Group engages a qualified and licensed service provider to process all of the wastewaters produced by its hospitals. Before the wastewaters are processed by the service provider, they are stored in dedicated facilities to ensure they will not contaminate the primary water supply for human consumption and clinical use.

## 2. 環境保護

本集團定期追踪最新國家和地區環境 保護法律法規，並採取所有必要措施 遵守有關法律法規。董事會認為本集 團醫院及營運設施產生的污水及固體 廢物（尤其是醫療廢物）與環境保護尤 為相關。本集團遵守適用法律法規， 包括 《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》 、 《城鎮排水與污水處理條例》 、 《醫療廢 物管理條例》及《中華人民共和國固體 廢物污染環境防治法》 。截至二零二二 年十二月三十一日止年度，本集團並 無遭受與環境保護有關的任何懲罰。

制定可持續最佳做法需要改變員工的 行為，而這最常見的方法是持續的員 工教育。教育及支持過程是有效實施 環保舉措及減少環境足跡的最關鍵因 素之一。

尤其是，康華醫院憑借在中國推進國 土綠化行動中傑出的表現最終獲評為 「全國綠化模範單位」 ，是國內唯一獲 此殊榮的三級甲等醫院 . 康華醫營造了 一個超過 60% 的綠地率及綠化覆蓋率 的院區，為患者提供了一個綠化無處 不在的就醫環境。

## 2.1 污水

醫院在其污水中排放大量的化學 物質及微生物劑。污水中含有的 許多物質，如化學藥品、藥物殘 留物、致病性耐藥菌及病毒，抵 禦正常的污水處理，如未經處理 進入公共污水系統，可能對公共 衛生及環境造成危害。由於化學 及生物化學污染物，污水處理需 要專門的技術及過程，該等技術 及過程在源頭上或不可行。本集 團委聘合資格且持牌的服務提供 商處理其醫院產生的所有污水。 於污水經服務提供商處理之前， 將其存放在專用設施中，以確保 不會污染用於人類飲用及臨床使 用的原生水供應。

<!-- image -->

The table below sets forth the discharge volume of wastewaters by the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

下表載列於所示年度有關經營業 務的污水排放量：

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Wastewaters discharge (ton)  污水排放 （噸）  9.0%  412,094  378,028  Wastewaters discharge per gross  floor area (ton/gross floor area)  每建築面積的污水排放  （噸╱建築面積）  7.3%  0.78  0.73   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in wastewaters discharge in 2022 was primarily due to the increase in water usage by the Relevant Operations of the Group in particular with the tightened COVID-19 pandemic controls and prevention and sanitization measures in place which resulted in the increase in the overall water usage during the year.

The discharge of wastewaters is integral to the Group's clinical operations and is generally expected to increase in line with business growth. The management does not currently consider that it is feasible to implement any initiatives or policies to control or reduce the amount of wastewaters discharge without compromising sanity and clinical safety, which are of overriding importance to public health and safety. The Group regularly reviews its wastewaters treatment protocols with a view to ensuring there is no inadvertent contamination of its water supply and that the wastewaters will be properly handled by the hospitals before treated by the service provider. The management believes that the wastewaters produced by the hospitals, after properly treated by the service provider, will pose minimal risks to the environment.

於二零二二年的污水排放增加主 要由於本集團有關經營業務的用 水量增加，尤其是隨著 COVID-19 疫情防控及敏化措施收緊，致使 年內整體用水量增加。

污水排放是本集團臨床業務的組 成部分，一般預計會隨著業務增 長而增加。管理層目前認為，在 不影響衛生及臨床安全（其對公 共衛生及安全至關重要）情況下 實行任何舉措或政策來控制或減 少污水排放量不可行。本集團定 期檢討其污水處理方案，以確保 其供水不會出現疏忽的污染及在 服務提供商處理之前，污水將由 醫院妥善處理。管理層認為，醫 院產生的污水在得到服務提供商 的妥善處理後，對環境造成的風 險微乎其微。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 2.2 Hazardous solid wastes

Hospital operations generate a variety of solid medical wastes in the diagnosis, treatment or immunization of patients or in research that can pose a danger to public health and the environment if not properly treated and disposed of. Materials containing pathogens are infectious can cause diseases if exposed. These include:

- human anatomical waste: waste from surgery and autopsies on patients with infectious diseases;
- sharps: disposable needles, syringes, saws, blades, broken glasses, nails or any other item that could cause a cut; and
- pathological: tissues, organs, body parts, human flesh, fetuses, blood and body fluids.

Non-infectious but hazardous wastes include:

- pharmaceuticals: drugs and chemicals that are returned from wards, spilled, outdated, contaminated, or are no longer required; and
- radioactive: wastes contaminated with radioactive substances used in diagnosis and treatment of diseases.

The Group's hospitals have in place a comprehensive medical waste management system:

1. Identification and segregation of waste types: segregation of different types of wastes at source (wards, operation theaters, laboratories, examination rooms etc.) with color coding systems and clear operation guidelines and handbooks, supervised by responsible staff. Effective segregation diminishes total waste and the hospital's environmental footprint;

## 2.2 有害固體廢物

醫院業務在患者的診斷、治療或 免疫接種或研究中產生各種固體 醫療廢物，如不妥善處理及處置， 可對公共衛生及環境構成危害。 含有病原體的物質具傳染性，如 暴露在外，則會造成疾病。該等 物質包括：

- 人體解剖廢物：傳染病患 者手術及屍體解剖的廢物；
- 銳器：一次性針頭、注射器、 鋸、刀片、破碎的玻璃、指 甲或任何可能導致割傷的 物品；及
- 病理：組織、器官、身體部 位、人體、胎兒、血液及體 液。

## 非傳染性但有害廢物包括：

- 藥品：從病房退回、溢出、 過期、被污染或不再需要 的藥物及化學藥品；及
- 放射性：用於疾病診斷及 治療的放射性物質污染的 廢物。

## 本集團醫院已制定一套全面的醫 療廢物管理制度：

1. 廢物類型的識別及分離： 以顏色編碼系統及明確的 操作指引及手冊在負責人 員監督下從源頭（病房、手 術室、化驗室，檢查室等） 分離不同類型廢物。有效 的分離減少廢物總量及醫 院的環境足跡；

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

2. 廢物運輸與儲存：使用防 刺穿及防滲漏容器；袋子 妥善地捆紮及密封；使用 放射性廢物專用容器；使 用專用的運輸手推車及及 時收集；及保存在遠離正 常通道的有蓋區域，並採 取安全措施防止未經授權 再利用；
3. 識別使用個人防護裝備的 需要：識別並向負責廢物 運輸及處置的醫療人員提 供特殊服裝、手套、口罩 及眼睛保護；及
4. 妥善處理廢物：由專業從 事醫療廢物處理的合資格 且持牌服務提供商（包括適 用廢物類型的焚化、填埋 或化學╱生物化學處理）的 收集及後續處置。由於該 等廢物具有有害性，通常 不可回收再利用。

下表載列於所示年度有關經營業 務產生的有害固體醫療廢物量：

2. Transport &amp; storage of waste: use of puncture proof and leak proof containers; bags are properly tied and sealed; use of special containers for radioactive wastes; use of designated transport trolleys and timely collection; and storage in covered areas remote from normal passages with security measures to prevent unauthorized tempering;
3. Identify the need for use of personal protective equipment: special clothing, gloves, masks and eye protection identified and provided to the healthcare works responsible for waste transportation and disposal; and
4. Proper disposal of waste: collection and subsequent disposal by qualified and licensed service provider (including incineration, landfill or chemical/biochemical treatment, as appropriate to the type of wastes) specialized in medical wastes disposal. On account of the hazardous nature of these wastes, they are not typically recycled.

The table below sets forth the volume of hazardous solid medical wastes produced by the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Hazardous solid wastes (kg)  有害固體廢物 （公斤）  -3.8%  538,755  560,037  Hazardous solid wastes per gross  floor area (kg/gross floor area)  每建築面積的  有害固體廢物  （公斤╱建築面積）  -5.3%  1.017  1.074   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The decrease in hazardous solid medical wastes produced in 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in business operations of the Group. There was a decrease in the overall patient visits in general during the year and in particular, the decrease in the number of surgical operations and inpatient visits have caused the decrease in hazardous solid medical wastes produced.

二零二二年產生的有害固體醫療 廢物量減少主要由於本集團的業 務營運減少。年內，整體病人就 診次數普遍減少，尤其是外科手 術及住院病人的人次減少，導致 產生的有害固體醫療廢物減少。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The disposal of hazardous solid medical wastes is integral to the Group's clinical operations and is generally expected to increase in line with business growth. The management does not currently consider that it is feasible to implement any initiatives or policies to control or reduce the production of hazardous solid wastes without compromising sanity and clinical safety, which are of overriding importance. For example, many surgical tools, protective masks and gloves and syringes are strictly for one-time use only; extending their use may reduce waste production but is not clinically acceptable as it  significantly increases the risks of cross-infection among patients and staff. The Group regularly reviews its waste management system with a view to ensuring that all of the steps in the chain are properly followed with the safety of the patients and staff as top priority. One of the key steps in managing the hazardous wastes is proper identification and segregation because: (i) this ensures no hazardous wastes are inadvertently mixed with domestic wastes and disposed without proper treatment, potentially posing harm to public safety and environment; and (ii) the service provider processes the wastes collected according to the identification and segregation by the hospitals. The hospitals have a responsibility and accountability system for waste management at the source and provide regular trainings to the front-line staff to ensure that the guidelines and handbooks are strictly adhered. The management believes that the hazardous solid wastes produced by the hospitals, after properly treated by the service provider, will pose minimal risks to the environment.

棄置有害固體醫療廢物是本集團 臨床業務的組成部分，一般預計 會隨著業務增長而增加。管理層 目前認為，在不影響衛生及臨床 安全 （其至關重要） 情況下實行任 何舉措或政策來控制或減少有害 固體廢物產生量不可行。例如， 許多手術工具、防護口罩及手套 和注射器嚴格僅用於一次性使用； 延長其使用可能會減少廢物產生 量，但從臨床上不可接受，因為 這將大幅增加患者與員工之間交 叉感染的風險。本集團定期檢討 其廢物管理制度，確保以患者及 員工安全為首要任務，妥善遵循 整個環節中的所有步驟。管理有 害廢物的關鍵步驟之一是適當識 別及分離，因為： (i) 這將確保有 害廢物不會無意中與生活垃圾混 合及在沒有妥善處理情況下進行 處置，可能危及公共安全與環境； 及 (ii) 服務提供商根據醫院的識別 及分離處理所收集的廢物。醫院 從源頭定有廢物管理責任追究制 度，定期向前線人員進行培訓， 確保嚴格遵守指引及手冊。管理 層認為，醫院產生的有害固體廢 物經服務提供商妥善處理後，對 環境構成的風險微乎其微。

<!-- image -->

## 2.3 Domestic wastes

The Group's operations generate domestic wastes that are noninfectious and non-hazardous from the offices, dormitories, kitchens, rooms, including bed linens, utensils, paper, etc. These wastes are identified and segregated at source and are eventually collected, treated and recycled by general wastes service providers.

The table below sets forth the volume of domestic wastes produced by the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 2.3 生活垃圾

本集團的業務從辦公室、宿舍、 廚房、房間產生非傳染性且非有 害性的生活垃圾，包括床上用品、 餐具、紙張等。該等垃圾從源頭 予以識別及分離，最終由一般廢 物服務提供商收集、處理及回收 再利用。

下表載列於所示年度有關經營業 務產生的生活垃圾量：

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Domestic wastes (kg)  生活垃圾 （公斤）  12.4%  2,743,496  2,440,125  Domestic wastes per gross floor  area (kg/gross floor area)  每建築面積的生活垃圾  （公斤╱建築面積）  10.7%  5.181  4.680   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in domestic wastes produced in 2022 was primarily due to the increase in the volume of pandemic prevention materials used by the Relevant Operations of the Group, in particular with the tightened COVID-19 pandemic controls and prevention and sanitization measures in place which resulted in the overall increase in domestic wastes produced during the year.

The Group is conscientious about the environment and is committed to the recycling of domestic wastes where feasible. This primarily includes the recycling of paper, plastic, metal and glass. The Group mandates its staff to segregate the domestic wastes into appropriate categories for proper handling by the service provider. The Group also promotes 'paper-less' office, including doublesided or secondary paper printing except for official documents, multimedia form of presentation in meetings and increasing the use of office automation system to reduce administrative paperwork. The hospitals have an engineering department to salvage any usable parts or components from decommissioned equipment and furniture, such as televisions, computers and hospital beds, before they are disposed of. The Group may also donate obsolete but functional items, such as computers, to various charitable organisations. The Group will continue to explore feasible initiatives to reduce domestic waste production and enhance its recycling efforts.

二零二二年產生的生活廢棄物增 加主要由於本集團有關經營業務 使用的防疫材料數量增加，尤其 是隨著 COVID-19 疫情防控及敏化 措施收緊，致使年內產生的整體 生活廢棄物增加。

本集團認真對待環境，致力於在 可行的情況下回收再利用生活垃 圾，主要包括紙張、塑料、金屬 及玻璃的回收利用。本集團要求 其員工將生活垃圾分為適當類別， 供服務提供商妥善處理。本集團 亦推崇「無紙化」辦公（包括雙面 或二次印刷，除正式文件外） 、 會議的多媒體展示及增加辦公自 動化系統的使用，以減少行政文 書工作。醫院設有一個工程部門， 於報廢設備及傢具（如電視機、 電腦及醫院病床）處置前將其任 何可用零件或部件進行回收。本 集團亦可將過時但可使用的物品 （如電腦） 捐贈予各慈善組織。本 集團將繼續探索可行的舉措，減 少生活垃圾產生量並加強回收力 度。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 2.4 Energy consumption

Healthcare systems are among a community's largest consumers of energy. Hospitals are generally open 24 hours a day and have sophisticated energy needs, such as particular air flow controls and specialized heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems. The Group's hospitals' and operating facilities' energy consumption primarily includes electricity and water.

The table below sets forth the consumption of the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

## 2.4 能源消耗

醫療系統是社區最大的能源消費 機構之一。醫院一般每天 24 小時 開業，具有極為複雜的能源需求， 如特定的氣流控制及專門的供暖、 通風及空調系統。本集團醫院及 營運設施的能源消耗主要包括水 電。

下表載列於所示年度有關經營業 務消耗量：

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Electricity (kilowatt-hours)  電力 （千瓦時）  2.7%  40,883,188  39,819,407  Electricity consumption intensity  (kilowatt-hours per gross floor  area)  電耗強度  （每建築面積千瓦時）  1.1%  77.21  76.4  Water consumption (ton)  水耗 （噸）  7.3%  814,238  759,023  Water consumption intensity  (ton per gross floor area)  水耗強度  （每建築面積噸）  5.6%  1.54  1.46   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Electricity consumption is primarily attributable to air-conditioning, water heating, lighting and energy demanding medical equipment such as MRI and X-ray. The Group's initiatives aimed at reducing electricity consumption include:

- explore the feasibility of using air heat pump water heater and gas-fired boiler;
- installation of inverter-type air-conditioning systems that are more energy-efficient;
- installation of high efficiency LED light sources;
- promote staff awareness and control measures ensure lights are off when no one is using;
- an energy saving task force is set up to perform regular inspections of air-conditioning systems and other electrical systems to ensure no unintended or unusual usage;

電力消耗主要是由於空調、水暖、 照明及高耗能的醫療設備 （如 MRI 及 X 射線）。本集團旨在減少用 電量的舉措包括：

- 探索使用空氣熱泵熱水器 及燃氣鍋爐的可行性；
- 安裝更節能的逆變式空調 系統；
- 安裝高效率 LED 光源；
- 推動員工的意識及控制措 施，確保在沒有人在使用 時熄燈；
- 設立一個節能專責小組， 對空調系統及其他電氣系 統進行定期檢查，以確保 不存在無意或異常使用；

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

- 在自動扶梯及電梯中安裝 運動觸發的照明系統；
- 通過屋頂窗戶最大限度地 利用自然光；
- 實施辦公樓巡查制度，即 各行政部門分區域負責電 力使用情況檢查並及時關 閉相關電器，包括電燈、 空調等；
- 將自動閉門器安裝在病房 中，以通過限制所需的空 氣流動量以及需要冷卻的 空間來提高能源效率；及
- 逐步用節能認證的新設備 替代過時的設備。

耗水量主要是由於冷卻設備、水 管裝置、景觀美化、醫療過程沖 洗、純淨水系統及生活用水（水 槽、淋浴、廁所）。本集團旨在 減少用水量的舉措包括：

- 洩漏檢測及維修；
- 使用高效噴頭；
- 使用低流量水管裝置；
- 使用運動傳感器啟動的水 龍頭及流量控制；
- 使用無水醫用真空泵；
- 使用在反滲透過程中產生 的廢水；
- 符合感染控制要求情況下 全負荷使用消毒劑、消毒 器及洗衣機；及
- 使用雨水╱土壤濕度控制 器盡量減少灌溉的用水量， 且只有在風及蒸發量最低 的時候才能使用。
- installation of motion-triggered lightning systems in escalators and elevators;
- maximize the use of natural sunlight via roof windows;
- implement a system of inspecting office buildings; every administrative department is responsible for the inspection of power consumption and timely turning off related electrical appliances, including lighting, air conditioning and so on;
- installation of automatic door closers in wards with a view to increasing energy efficiency by limiting the amount of air movement required, as well as the space that needs to be cooled; and
- gradually replace obsolete equipment with new equipment that are certified for energy efficiency.

Water consumption is primarily attributable to cooling equipment, plumbing fixtures, landscaping, medical process rinses, pure water systems and domestic uses (sinks, showers, toilets). The Group's initiatives aimed at reducing water consumption include:

- leak detection and repair;
- use of high-efficiency showerheads;
- use of low-flow plumbing fixtures;
- use of motion sensor-activated faucets and flow control;
- use of waterless medical vacuum pumps;
- use of reject water produced in the reverse-osmosis process;
- use full loads in sanitizers, sterilizers and laundry washing machines, consistent with infection control requirements; and
- minimize water use for irrigation with rain/soil moisture controllers and only during times when wind and evaporation are lowest.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group achieved remarkable water saving on account of, among other water-saving initiatives, the installation of more than 1,500 highefficiency waterheads at Kanghua Hospital.

In the past, Kanghua Hospital has been awarded by the Dongguan Water Authority under the Dongguan Municipal People's Government, the 'Water-Saving Unit of Dongguan' upon passing evaluations on various aspects, including water-saving rules and regulations, watersaving containers and infrastructure, water usage planning and management and water-saving mechanism implementation.

The Group will continue to oversee the effectiveness of the above initiatives and explore new and innovative ways to achieve water saving, which will in turn contribute to electricity saving.

The increase in the consumption of both electricity and water in 2022 was primarily due to the increase in business operations of the Group from our rehabilitation operations, Kangxin Hospital and Renkang Elderly Care Centre. Despite our drop in revenue, our electricity and water consumption have increased by 1.1% and 5.6%, respectively, which was mainly attributable to increase in water usage for general cleaning and sanitisation and electricity consumed to improve air circulation of our medical facilities during the period of the pandemic.

## 2.5 Antibiotics prescription

Antimicrobial resistance is a global public health challenge, which is aggravated by the overuse of antibiotics. Increased antimicrobial resistance is the cause of severe infections, complications, longer hospital stays and increased mortality. Antibiotics over-prescription is also potentially associated with an increased risk of adverse effects, more frequent re-attendance and increased medicalization of selflimiting conditions.

Inevitably, doctors at the Group's hospitals prescribe antibiotics to patients from time to time. The Group is committed to the judicious prescription of antibiotics by eliminating unnecessary or sub-optimal prescriptions. The Group's continuous efforts has led to a stable rate of antibiotics prescription of the Relevant Operations in 2022 as compared with 2021.

因在康華醫院安裝了逾 1,500 個 高效水龍頭等節水措施，本集團 節水成效顯著。

過往，東莞市人民政府屬下的東 莞市水務局通過對節水規章制度、 節水載體建設、用水計劃管理、 節水投入機制等方面的評審，向 康華醫院頒發了「東莞市節水型 單位」 。

本集團將繼續監督上述舉措的有 效性，並探尋新的創新方法實現 節水，進而促進節電。

二零二二年水電耗量增加，主要 乃因本集團的業務營運增加，乃 來自我們的康復業務、康心醫院 及仁康護理院。儘管我們的收入 下跌，但我們的用電量和用水量 分別增加 1.1% 及 5.6% ，主要由於 疫情期間，一般清潔和消毒的用 水量增加，以及改善醫療設施空 氣流通的用電量增加。

## 2.5 抗生素處方

抗菌素耐藥性是全球公共衛生的 一項挑戰，過度使用抗生素會造 成耐藥性加劇。抗菌素耐藥性加 劇是導致嚴重感染、併發症、住 院時間延長及死亡率上升的原因。 抗生素處方過量亦可能伴隨著不 利影響的風險增加，復發頻率增 加及自限性條件的醫療化增加。

本集團醫院醫生不時不可避免地 向患者開出抗生素處方。本集團 致力於通過消除不必要或次優處 方審慎開出抗生素處方。經過不 懈努力，本集團於二零二二年對 比二零二一年於相關業務上採取 穩定的抗生素處方使用率。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

本集團的臨床治理追踪衡量抗生 素處方的若干參數，詳情載列下 表（以下資料僅包括提供入院治 療（住院及門診）服務的經營業 務） ：

The Group's clinical governance tracks a number of parameters to gauge the prescription of antibiotics as set forth in the table below (the information below only include those operations that provides hospitalised (inpatient and outpatient) services):

| 2022  2021  Standard  Kanghua Hospital  康華醫院  二零二二年  二零二一年  標準  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for Outpatients  門診患者抗生素處方率  8.9%  8.5%  ≤20%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for emergency treatment  抗生素處方用於緊急  治療的比率  21.8%  16.7%  ≤40%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for inpatients  住院患者抗生素處方率  41.3%  43.5%  ≤60%  2022  2021  Standard  Renkang Hospital  仁康醫院  二零二二年  二零二一年  標準  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for Outpatients  門診患者抗生素處方率  14.1%  12.2%  ≤20%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for emergency treatment  抗生素處方用於緊急  治療的比率  28.1%  28.6%  ≤40%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for inpatients  住院患者抗生素處方率  58.1%  58.5%  ≤60%  2022  2021  Standard  Kangxin Hospital  康心醫院  二零二二年  二零二一年  標準  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for Outpatients  門診患者抗生素處方率  2.2%  1.2%  ≤20%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for emergency treatment  抗生素處方用於緊急  治療的比率  3.1%  1.8%  ≤40%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for inpatients  住院患者抗生素處方率  17.4%  20.2%  ≤60%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| 2022  2021  Standard  Anhui Hualin Group  安徽樺霖集團  二零二二年  二零二一年  標準  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for Outpatients  門診患者抗生素處方率  6.2%  8.0%  ≤20%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for emergency treatment  抗生素處方用於緊急  治療的比率  15.5%  0%  ≤40%  Rate of antibiotics prescription  for inpatients  住院患者抗生素處方率  18.3%  19.7%  ≤60%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's initiatives to the judicious prescription of antibiotics include:

- providing education and clinical decision support to doctors and patients regarding the long-term and community-wide consequences of overusing antibiotics;
- patients should be educated of the importance of following the use of antibiotics according to prescription;
- doctors should always follow the principle of rational, safe and effective antibiotics prescription;
- antibiotics should be prescribed only for bacterial infections whenever possible and in the proper dose for the correct duration;
- narrow spectrum antibiotics should be chosen whenever possible to avoid destroying populations of beneficial bacteria along with the disease-causing bacteria;

本集團倡導審慎開出抗生素處方 的舉措包括：

- 為醫生及患者提供過度使 用抗生素的長期及全社會 後果的教育及臨床決策支 持；
- 教育患者遵照處方使用抗 生素的重要性；
- 醫生應始終遵循合理、安 全及有效的抗生素處方原 則；
- 抗生素盡可能於細菌感染 時方可按正確藥效時間的 適當劑量開出處方；
- 應盡可能選擇窄譜抗生素， 以避免連同致病細菌一起 破壞有益細菌群；

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

- 發佈醫生遵循的內部臨床 指引，特別是針對常見的 感染，以改善抗生素使用；
- 盡可能交替使用不同類別 的抗生素；
- 制定問責制度，促使醫生 負責任地開出抗生素處方；
- 嚴格禁止製藥公司提供任 何形式的好處或回扣鼓勵 醫生開出更多的抗生素處 方；及
- 與包括中國疾病預防控制 中心在內的監管機構及醫 療組織定期溝通，了解最 新的社區疾病威脅及爆發 情況，以期酌情修改抗生 素處方策略。
- publish internal clinical guidelines for doctors to follow, especially for common infections, with a view to improving antibiotics use;
- rotating use of different classes of antibiotics where possible;
- accountability systems to prompt responsible prescription of antibiotics by doctors;
- strictly prohibit any form of advantages or rebates provided by pharmaceutical companies to incentivize doctors to prescribe more antibiotics; and
- regular communications with regulators and healthcare organizations, including the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, to understand the latest community threats and outbreaks with a view to modifying antibiotics prescription strategy as appropriate.

## 3. EMPLOYMENT

The success of the Group depends critically on its ability to attract, develop and retain its staff. The Group adheres to fair and open recruitment practices, and provides its staff with adequate protection of rights. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group continued to strive for improvements and innovations in staff support, development and training to create a safe and comfortable working environment and provide a fair and collegial learning and development platform. The Group prides itself on maintaining harmonious relationships with its staff in the spirit of 'Kanghua People'. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 3,848 (2021: 3,607) full-time staff and all employees are primarily located in the PRC.

## 3. 僱傭

本集團的成功十分依賴於吸引、培養 及留住員工的能力。本集團遵循公開 公平的招聘方式，並充分保護員工權 利。截至二零二二年十二月三十一 日止年度，本集團繼續努力在員工支 持、發展及培訓上作出改進及創新， 以創造安全舒適的工作環境和提供公 平的學院式學習及發展平台。本集團 秉著「康華人」的精神以與員工保持和 諧關係為榮。截至二零二二年十二月 三十一日，本集團共有全職員工 3,848 人 （二零二一年： 3,607 人） 並且所有員 工都主要位於中國。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 3.1 Recruitment

Recruitment is an important component to the continuous growth of the Group. The Group's recruitment process is merit based and is open to all qualified personnel. In addition to internal recruitment by job promotion and rotation, the Group also carries out external recruitment activities. Healthcare professionals are highly sought after in Guangdong Province. Therefore, the Group strategically extends its  recruitment efforts to other provinces in the PRC. The Group implements a series of internet recruitment campaigns to reach a wide base of potential candidates and on campus recruitment drives in key medical schools and nursing schools in multiple provinces to attract talent out of Guangdong Province. Teaching affiliations with academic institutions enable the Group to identify potential young healthcare professionals and recruit them early on. The Group also has in place various referral schemes to identify potential candidates from its existing staff's social networks. Referred staff generally has higher retention rates and increased engagement. The Group audits and verifies staff identify and background as part of the recruitment process to ensure no child labor or forced labour is employed. Depending on the position being hired, the Group also conducts background checks to ensure the veracity of information provided by the potential candidate. The Group has adopted a Recruitment Process Management Policy to standardize its recruitment practice.

The Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, and enters into labor contracts with its staff. Each of the Group's hospitals and operating facilities has adopted a labor union to protect the rights and interests of its staff and encourage them to participate in the management of the Group's operations.

## 3.2 Equal opportunities employer

The Group is an equal opportunities employer. The Group provides equal opportunities to all staff in a fair, transparent and nondiscriminatory environment. Female staff has equal opportunities as male staff, and would not prejudiced because of pregnancy. No religious or racial discrimination is tolerated in recruitment and career development.

## 3.1 招聘

招聘是本集團持續增長的重要組 成部分。本集團的招聘流程採取 擇優錄用，面向所有合資格人士 開放。除通過職位晉升及工作輪 換進行內部招聘外，本集團亦開 展外部招聘活動。醫療專業人士 在廣東省備受歡迎。因此，本集 團策略性地向中國其他省份擴展 招聘工作。本集團實施一系列互 聯網招聘活動以接觸廣泛的潛在 候選人，並在多個省份的主要醫 學院及護理學校進行校園招聘活 動以吸引廣東省外人才。本集團 與學術機構的教學關係讓其可物 色到潛在年輕醫療專業人士並在 早期進行招聘。本集團亦制訂多 項推薦計劃以從現有員工社會網 絡中物色潛在候選人。獲推薦員 工的保留率通常較高及更加投入。 作為招聘流程的一部分，本集團 會審核及核實員工身份與背景， 確保不會僱用童工或發生強迫勞 動。視乎被聘用的職位，本集團 亦會進行背景調查以確保潛在候 選人提供的資料真實。本集團已 採納 《招聘流程管理制度》 以使招 聘方式標準化。

本集團嚴格遵守相關法律法規， 如《中華人民共和國勞動法》及 《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》 ， 並與員工訂立勞動合同。本集團 各家醫院及營運設施均已成立工 會以保護員工權利及權益，並鼓 勵員工參與本集團經營管理。

## 3.2 平等就業機會

本集團是平等就業僱主。本集團 為所有員工在公平、透明、無歧 視環境中提供平等機會。女性員 工擁有與男性員工平等機會，不 會因為懷孕而受歧視。在招聘及 職業發展中亦不容忍任何宗教或 種族歧視。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

下表載列所示年度有關經營業務 按年齡組別和性別劃分的員工 （主 要為我們的全職僱員） 人數：

The table below sets forth the employees (who are primarily our full  time employees) by age group and gender by the Relevant Operations as at the years indicated:

## As at 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日

| Kanghua Hospital  Renkang Hospital  Kangxin  Hospital  Renkang Elderly  Care Centre  Anhui Hualin  Group  Total Staff  康華醫院  仁康醫院  康心醫院  仁康護理院  安徽樺霖集團  總人數  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Age Group/Gender  年齡組別╱性別  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  Age 51 or above  51  歲或以上  87  61  41  29  18  14  23  37  50  46  219  187  Age between 31 to 50  31  至  50  歲  281  568  100  155  65  111  8  26  61  291  515  1,151  Age below 30  30  歲或以下  143  720  32  204  16  115  -  17  69  434  260  1,490  511  1,349  173  388  99  240  31  80  180  771  994  2,828   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at 31 December 2021

截至二零二一年十二月三十一日

| Kanghua Hospital  Renkang Hospital  Kangxin  Hospital  Renkang Elderly  Care Centre  Anhui Hualin  Group  Total Staff  康華醫院  仁康醫院  康心醫院  仁康護理院  安徽樺霖集團  總人數  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Male  Female  Age Group/Gender  年齡組別╱性別  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  男  女  Age 51 or above  51  歲或以上  82  56  40  20  9  9  12  23  43  33  186  141  Age between 31 to 50  31  至  50  歲  292  552  89  152  53  87  4  9  50  196  488  996  Age below 30  30  歲或以下  147  738  34  199  21  122  -  4  71  453  273  1,516  521  1,346  163  371  83  218  16  36  164  682  947  2,653   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 3.3 Staff remuneration and retention

The Group's comprehensive staff remuneration and retention policy is designed with a view to rewarding staff performance and long term staff retention. It primarily includes: (i) economic components comprising basic salary determined with reference to the individual's position, seniority and length of service, performance bonus determined with reference to the metrics specific to the individual's job function and other benefits; and (ii) non-economic components comprising personal development, job challenge and satisfaction, recognition, work environment, work safety and career advancement. The Group regularly benchmarks against available market data and adjusts its remuneration structure with a view to remaining competitive. While financial incentives are an important factor in staff retention, the Group recognizes that they alone are not enough to improve recruitment and retention in a sustainable manner. Therefore, the Group places equal emphasis on non-economic factors, in particular personal development, work environment and collegiality. The Group's career advancement track is transparent and achievable. The Group provides a platform and support for its staff to undertake medical education and research in their field of choice.

With a view to retaining and developing talent, the Group actively identifies high potential staff and provide them with additional training opportunities, industry exposure and an accelerated career track. By providing training for new skills and tuition reimbursement for external courses, the Group's staff will feel valued, important and invested in the Group. The Group regularly carries out staff appraisals to discuss achievements, strengths, and areas for development, and to set personal objectives with a view to ensuring they feel motivated and appreciated for their contribution. The Group maintains open channels of communication with its staff to keep them informed of the latest developments and provide them with opportunities to voice their opinions. The Group also recognises that its healthcare professionals, in particular doctors and nurses, may be subject to a high pressure and demanding work environment from time to time due to their job nature, which may result in attrition. The Group actively monitors the emotional wellbeing of its staff and provide counselling and supporting arrangements where appropriate. The Group regularly gauges the working hours of its staff to identify any staff with excessive workloads and makes alternative staffing arrangements if necessary. The Group aims to build a strong organisational culture to cultivate a sense of belonging among its staff through various staff functions and events. The Group believes that the creation of a healthy and harmonious working environment will improve staff morale and productivity in the long term.

## 3.3 員工薪酬及留任

本集團的全面員工薪酬及留任政 策旨在獎勵員工表現及長期留住 員工。該政策主要包括： (i) 經濟 部分，當中包括參考個人職位、 資歷及服務年限釐定的基本薪金、 參考個人職能特定指標釐定的績 效花紅及其他福利；及 (ii) 非經濟 部分，當中包括個人發展、工作 挑戰性及滿意度、成就感、工作 環境、工作安全及職業晉升。本 集團定期以可用市場數據為基準， 調整其薪酬結構，以保持競爭力。 雖然財務獎勵是留住員工的一個 重要因素，但本集團認識到，單 純的財務獎勵並不足以可持續地 改善招聘及留任情況。因此，本 集團同樣重視非經濟因素，尤其 是個人發展、工作環境及共同治 理。本集團的職業晉升渠道透明 可行。本集團為員工提供平台及 支持，以在其選擇領域進行醫學 教育及研究。

為留住及培養人才，本集團積極 發掘高潛質員工，向彼等提供額 外培訓機會、行業曝光及職業快 速晉升通道。通過提供新技能培 訓及外部課程學費報銷，本集團 的員工將體會到自身價值，認識 到自身重要性並投身於本集團。 本集團定期進行員工評價以討論 成就、優勢及進步領域，並設定 個人目標，以確保員工因其貢獻 而感受到激勵及獎勵。本集團保 持與員工的公開溝通渠道，使之 獲悉最新進展，並向彼等提供機 會表達個人意見。本集團亦認識 到，其醫療專業人士，尤其是醫 生及護士，可能因工作性質而不 時承受巨大壓力及面臨苛刻工作 環境，這可能導致人員流失。本 集團積極監控員工心理健康，並 在適當時提供諮詢及支持安排。 本集團定期計量員工工作時數， 以發現超工作負荷的員工，並在 必要時作出替代人員安排。本集 團旨在打造強有力的組織文化， 通過多個職能部門及活動培養員 工歸屬感。本集團認為，營造健 康和諧的工作環境將長期提高員 工士氣及生產力。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

二零二二年，本集團年初全職員 工 3,607 人（二零二一年： 3,777 人） ，年內增加全職員工 692 人， （二零二一年： 190 人）及流失 全職員工 451 人（二零二一年： 360 人） 。於二零二二年十二月 三十一日，本集團共有全職員工 3,848 人 （二零二一年： 3,607 人） 。 二零二二年，本集團的全職員工 （包括醫生、護士、行政及其他 支援的員工）流失率為 12.1% （二 零二一年： 9.8% ） 。二零二二年， 本集團的醫生流失率為 13.7% （二 零二一年： 7.0% ） 。流失率增加 主要是由於醫療人才市場競爭激 烈、專業人員普遍短缺以及整個 醫療市場醫生及護士流動性增加 所致。

## 3.4 培訓及發展

本集團提供系統培訓及教育計劃， 以使員工能夠持續提供高質量的 服務。該等計劃旨在裝備員工， 使其具備彼等各自實踐領域的醫 療原則及知識以及執業技能的堅 實基礎，並培養高標準的實踐、 組織能力及嚴謹態度。本集團為 醫務人員組織定期的內部及外部 強制性培訓，以使彼等了解醫療 的最新進展。本集團會不時甄選 出發展潛力大的員工及贊助彼等 在著名學術機構進一步開展學習 及專業培訓以及參加行業會議。 醫療團隊亦從定期舉行的研討會 及分享會上的經驗及知識交流中 受益。本集團鼓勵醫務人員報考 專業技術職稱及不定期接受內部 人員專項培訓及考核，包括新員 工入職培訓、中青年骨幹拓展培 訓、醫療服務質量培訓以及青年 幹部管理培訓等，以確保彼等之 相關業務能力符合標準。通過各 種培訓及教育計劃，本集團亦力 圖在員工中培養主動風險報告文 化，這對於及早發現臨床誤診及 損害控制實屬重要。

In 2022, the Group began the year with 3,607 (2021: 3,777) full-time staff, added 692 (2021: 190) full-time staff and lost 451 (2021: 360) fulltime staff during the year. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 3,848 (2021: 3,607) full-time staff. The attrition rate of full-time staff (including doctors, nurses, administrative and other support staff) of the Group for 2022 was 12.1% (2021: 9.8%). The attrition rate of doctors of the Group for 2022 was 13.7% (2021: 7.0%). The increase in attrition rate was primarily attributable to the intense competition for talent in the healthcare market, the general shortage of professional staff and increase for talent in the healthcare of doctors and nurses in the healthcare market in general.

## 3.4 Training and development

The Group provides structured training and education programmes to enable its staff to consistently deliver high quality services. These programmes aim to equip the staff with a sound foundation of the medical principles and knowledge as well as practical skills in their respective practice area and foster a high standard of practice, organisation capability and vigilant attitude. Regular internal and external mandatory trainings are organised for medical staff to keep them abreast of the latest development in healthcare. From time to time, the Group identifies and sponsors its staff with high development potential to undertake further studies and professional training in prestigious academic institutions and participate in industry conventions. Medical teams also benefit from the experience and knowledge exchange during seminars and sharing sessions regularly held. The Group encourages medical staff to apply for professional and technical qualifications and enroll in specialised training programmes and assessments from time to time, including induction training for new employees, development training for young and middle-aged core talent, medical service quality training and management training for young core talent, with a view to ensuring that their relevant professional competencies meet the required standards. Through various training and education programmes, the Group also aims to foster a proactive risk reporting culture among staff, which is important in the early detection of clinical failure and damage control.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group has adopted a Continuing Education and Training Management Policy. The training system is supported by three major components:

- the science and education department is primarily responsible for training on clinical skills;
- the nursing department is primarily responsible for training on nursing and patient caretaking skills; and
- the human resources department is primarily responsible for comprehensive training on staff management capability, cultural values and technical skills.

The table below sets forth the number of training hours provided to the Group's staff of the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

本集團已採納《繼續教育培訓管 理制度》 。該培訓制度由三個主 要組成部分支持：

- 科教部主要負責臨床技能 的培訓；
- 護理部主要負責護理及照 料病患技能的培訓；及
- 人力資源部主要負責員工 管理能力、文化價值及技 術技能的全面培訓。

下表載列於所示年度為有關經營 業務的本集團員工提供的培訓時 數：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  男性  女性  總計  男性  女性  總計  Number of participants  參與人次  Doctors  醫生  5,502  2,878  8,380  5,930  3,647  9,577  Nurses  護士  148  29,425  29,573  18  13,644  13,662  Others  其他  516  631  1,147  335  473  808  6,166  32,934  39,100  6,283  17,764  24,047  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  男性  女性  總計  男性  女性  總計  Training man-hours (Hours)  培訓時數 （小時）  Doctors  醫生  62,781  37,453  100,234  84,142  62,379  146,521  Nurses  護士  1,473  187,557  189,030  245  115,586  115,831  Others  其他  2,142  2,265  4,407  2,667  3,449  6,116  66,396  227,275  293,671  87,054  181,414  268,468   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in the number of participants and training man-hours was primarily due to the full resumption of normal training activities in 2022 as such activities had been interrupted due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the prior year.

參與人次及培訓時數增加， 主要由於主要是由於因前一年 COVID-19 疫情，此類活動已中斷， 而於二零二二年全面恢復正常培

訓活動所致。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 3.5 工作場所健康及安全

本集團高度重視職業安全，努力 消除潛在工作場所健康及安全危 害。本集團維持內部審核及檢查 制度，以確保醫院範圍內患者、 公眾及員工的安全。審核過程旨 在保證工作場所處於不斷的監控 中，以及與設定標準有關的不足 之處得到整改。本集團確保定期 檢查及審查醫院各科室的安全問 題（如醫療安全、環境安全及職 業安全） 。本集團積極鼓勵員工 按無反覆基準報告健康及安全事 故及風險，而從主動監控中了解 的情況及從事故回顧中發現的問 題會用於進一步改善及完善培訓 計劃、政策及工作實踐。截至二 零二二年十二月三十一日止年度， 本集團在關於提供安全工作環境 及保障僱員免於職業危險的所有 重大方面，符合及採用適用法律 法規。

本集團堅持完善醫院、科室兩級 感染防控體系建設，進一步明確 了科室感染防控小組職能，修訂 感染防控制度、流程及應急預案， 並加強相關培訓與教育，以此不 斷規範科室感染防控管理。本集 團進行定期消毒，控制傳染性疾 病在醫院的潛在傳播。本集團已 建立監測系統，密切監控其醫院 的醫院感染現患率，確保此類事 故維持在極低水平，以符合適用 標準。本集團亦提供定期的職業 安全教育及培訓，以增強員工的 安全問題意識。本集團向員工提 供定期健康評估以監控彼等的整 體健康，尤其是，針對經常暴露 於高風險環境（如輻射及臨床廢 棄物）的員工，本集團採用嚴格 的評估方案，以確保彼等面臨的 風險在可接受安全限度內。該等 員工獲提供充分保護裝置，並定 期被要求休假數日以盡量降低輻 射的長期健康影響。各名相關員 工均須遵守醫院制定的具體程序 及指引，包括《醫務人員執業暴 露防護與報告制度》 。本集團會 不時聘請第三方專家評估醫院安 全及保護措施的有效性。

## 3.5 Workplace health and safety

The Group highly values occupational safety and strives to eliminate potential workplace health and safety hazards. The Group maintains an internal audit and inspection program to ensure the safety of the hospital premises for patients, the public and staff. The aim of the audit process is to ensure that the workplace is continuously monitored and that deficiencies in relation to set standards are remedied. The Group ensures that each of its hospital departments is periodically inspected and audited for safety issues, such as medical treatment safety, environment safety and occupational safety. The Group actively encourages staff to report health and safety incidents and risks on a no repercussion basis, and the learning from proactive monitoring and findings from incident reviews is used to improve further and refine training programmes, policies and working practices. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had, in all material respects, complied with applicable laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.

The Group is committed to improving the construction of infection prevention and control systems at both the hospital level and discipline level, further clarifying the functions of infection prevention and control teams, revising the infection prevention and control policies, processes and contingency plans, and strengthening the relevant training and education with a view to consistently standardizing infection prevention and control management. The Group conducts regular sanitisation to contain the potential spread of infectious diseases at its hospitals. The Group has established surveillance systems to closely monitor the prevalence of nosocomial infections at its hospitals and ensure that such incidents are maintained at a very low level in compliance with applicable standards. The Group also provides periodical occupational safety education and training to augment its staff's awareness of safety issues. The Group provides its staff with regular health assessment to  monitor their overall health. In particular, the Group adopts stringent assessment protocols for its staff that are regularly exposed to high-risk environments such as radiation and clinical wastes to ensure their exposure is within acceptable safety limits. Such staff are provided with adequate protective gears and are regularly required to take days off to minimize the long term health effects of radiation. Each relevant staff is required to follow specific procedures and guidelines laid down by the hospital, including Medical Staff Occupational Exposure Protection and Reporting Policy. From time to time, the Group engages third party experts to assess the effectiveness of the hospitals' safety and protective measures.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group recognizes that medical violence has in recent years become a workplace safety hazard faced by many medical professionals in the PRC. In light of this, the Group has established internal guidelines and provided trainings to better prepare its staff in handling such situations, including setting a risk assessment of patient violence, implementing an on-line direct reporting system for adverse events of hospitals and adhering to the Regulations on Prevention and Treatment of Medical Disputes recently issued by the government and taking into account the actual circumstances of the hospitals to establish an early warning management system for patient safety. The department of security is able to dispatch security officers experienced in handling incidents of medical violence. The Group also works closely with the police bureaus and law enforcement agencies who will be able to dispatch officers in short notice to the hospitals if necessary.

The table below sets forth key health and safety information of the Relevant Operations for the years indicated:

本集團認識到醫療暴力近年來已 成為中國許多醫務專業人員面臨 的工作場所安全危害。有鑒於此， 本集團已制定內部指引並提供培 訓，以使員工更好做好準備處理 有關情況，包括制定患者暴力風 險評估，啟用醫院內不良事件網 絡直接上報系統，以及根據國家 最近頒發的《醫療糾紛預防與處 理條例》 ，結合醫院實際情況， 建立患者安全預警管理體系。保 衛科能夠調派在處理醫療暴力事 件方面經驗豐富的安保人員。在 必要情況下，本集團亦會與警察 局及執法機構密切合作，彼等將 能在接到通知後短時間內向醫院 派遣人員。

下表載列於所示年度有關經營業 務的主要健康及安全資料：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Number of staff contracting infections  due to occupation  因職業接觸感染員工人數  -  -  Number of staff deaths due to occupation  因職業死亡員工人數  -  -  Number of staff disabilities due to  occupation  因職業殘疾員工人數  -  -  Number of man-days lost due to  occupation related injuries or illness  因職業相關傷病損失工日天數  137  6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The substantial increase in the number of man-days lost due to occupation related injuries or illness in 2022 was due to the sudden surge of confirmed COVID-19 cases identified at our medical facilities including a result of the relaxation of pandemic controls by the government towards the end of December 2022.

於二零二二年，因職業相關傷病 損失工日天數大幅增加乃由於政 府於二零二二年十二月末以後放 寬疫情管控，導致我們醫療設施 的 COVID-19 確診病例急劇增加所 致。

<!-- image -->

## 4. SERVICE QUALITY

As embodied in the Group's motto 'Empathic · Virtuous Medical Practice' ( 蒼生為念 · 厚德載醫 ),  the Group adopts a patient-centric approach in treating all patients, the well-being of whom form the core of its values. The Group places a high priority on providing patients with consistently high quality service and support, which is crucial to its long-term success. The Group provides patient care in an ethical manner, and at the best possible quality, taking into consideration patient safety, patients' satisfaction and service efficiency.

## 4.1 Patient satisfaction and complaints

The Group's hospitals have a dedicated customer service department to  collect  and gauge patient feedbacks. The customer service department is an important component in ensuring that patient experience is positive through proactive outreach and responsive communication. The table below sets forth key operating data of the Group's customer service for the years indicated:

## 4. 服務質量

誠如本集團宗旨 「蒼生為念 · 厚德載醫」 所體現者，本集團在為所有患者治療 時採取以患者為中心的方式，患者安 康是其價值核心。本集團高度重視為 患者提供一貫的優質服務與支持，這 對其長期成功至關重要。考慮到患者 安全、患者滿意度及服務效率，本集 團以合乎道德的方式、以盡可能好的 質量為患者提供護理。

## 4.1 患者滿意度及投訴

本集團的醫院設有專責客戶服務 部以收集及計量患者反饋。通過 主動延伸服務及積極應答溝通， 客戶服務部是確保患者體驗積極 的重要組成部分。下表載列於所 示年度本集團客戶服務的主要經 營數據：

| Change  2022  2021  變動率  二零二二年  二零二一年  Number of patients served  服務患者人次  19.4%  149,556  125,287  Customer service man hours  客服人工時數  14.6%  2,518,478  2,198,542   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in number of patients served was primarily due to (i) the increase in patients enquiries and served during the year in particular at times of the surge of the pandemic; and (ii) further improved efficiency and automation of certain aspects of outpatient customer service at Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital in 2022 through online platforms.

服務患者人次增加主要由於 (i) 年 內答疑及服務患者人次增加，尤 其是疫情高峰期；及 (ii) 康華醫院 及仁康醫院於二零二二年透過網 上平台進一步提升了門診客服若 干方面的效率及自動化。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The hospitals continuously review and streamline patient registration process and provide regular staff customer-service training. The hospitals also conduct patient satisfaction surveys. Such results serve to establish a baseline to monitor changes in patient experience and satisfaction in specific area of service delivery. These surveys primarily include:

- call back interviews with inpatients, outpatients and physical examination patients;
- surveys delivered through short messaging services;
- on-site questionnaires; and
- comments collection boxes.

The  Group  also  cooperates  with  third  parties  to  conduct comprehensive surveys and analytical studies from time to time.

The subjective nature of the healthcare industry means that the Group occasionally receives patient complaints in the ordinary course of business. The Group has implemented a standardised customer complaint management at each of its hospitals with a view to promptly, accurately and comprehensively collecting feedback from patients, addressing patients' concerns, continuously improving clinical processes and ultimately delivering service of the highest standard to patients. The Group generally classifies patient complaints in three major categories of importance: (i) critical complaints, which may involve deficiencies in clinical quality resulting in adverse effects to patients, medical disputes attracting media attention and intervention from regulatory authorities, extremely poor service attitude, verbal abuses or assaults on patients, or any complaints regarding medical ethics; (ii) regular complaints, which may involve general service attitude, environment, accommodation, hospital or inter-departmental processes resulting in inconvenience to patients, billing error, repeated assessment, pricing or lack of communication or language skills; and (iii) immaterial complaints, which may involve mere service recommendations or trivial comments, or complaints that are frivolous, vexatious or are primarily attributable to the patients' individual condition.

醫院會持續檢討並簡化患者掛號 流程，並提供定期員工客戶服務 培訓。醫院亦會進行患者滿意度 調查。有關結果用於建立監控特 定服務提供領域內患者體驗及滿 意度變化的基準。該等調查主要 包括：

- 電話回訪住院患者、門診 患者及體檢患者；
- 通過短信服務進行調查；
- 現場問卷調查；及
- 意見收集箱。

本集團亦會不時與第三方合作進 行全面調查及分析研究。

醫療行業的主觀性意味著本集團 在日常業務過程中會不時收到患 者投訴。本集團已在其各家醫院 實施標準化客戶投訴管理，以快 速、準確及全面收集患者反饋、 解決患者關切、持續改善臨床流 程及最終向患者提供最高水準的 服務。本集團一般將患者投訴分 為三大重要類別： (i) 重大投訴， 該等投訴可能涉及導致對患者產 生不利影響的臨床質量缺陷、引 發媒體關注及監管部門干預的醫 療糾紛、服務態度極其惡劣、對 患者進行辱駡或攻擊或涉及醫德 的任何投訴； (ii) 一般投訴，該等 投訴可能涉及一般服務態度、環 境、住宿、醫院或院內科室間流 程給患者帶來的不便、計費錯誤、 重複檢查、定價或缺乏溝通或語 言技巧；及 (iii) 非重要投訴，該等 投訴可能僅涉及服務建議或瑣碎 評論，或屬無聊、無理取鬧或主 要歸因於患者個人狀況的投訴。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

下表載列於所示年度本集團收到 的各類投訴數目：

The table below sets forth the number of each category of complaints received by the Group for the years indicated:

| Change  2022  2021  變動率  二零二二年  二零二一年  Number of critical complaints  關鍵投訴數目  147.1%  42  17  Number of regular complaints  定期投訴數目  -91.3%  4  46  Number of immaterial complaints  非重要投訴數目  21.6%  614  505  Total  總計  16.2%  660  568   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Patients may lodge a complaint by mail, telephone, touch-screen terminals or in person. The Group has dedicated facilities to record the complaint process on a confidential basis to safeguard the interests of all parties involved and ensure that the complaint processes are conducted fairly with proper records. The hospitals have a complaint office, a unit led by a highly experienced hospital manager and dedicated to the management of patient complainants. The complaint office acts as the complainant point of contact, explains the complaint process to the complainants, directs patient complaints to appropriate departments and governance committees for detailed investigation and root-cause analysis, conducts indepth fact-finding, proactively oversees and manages the complaint processes, coordinates and communicates with the parties involved, accurately records all relevant findings on a confidential basis and formulates the appropriate replies to the complainants. All initial complaints and views will be handled and responded to directly by the complaint office. The Group is committed to resolving all patient complaints in the shortest period of time, or on the spot, if possible, though resolution of critical complaints generally requires a longer period of time. For critical complaints involving clinical safety or possible health implications, the Group proactively takes immediate actions to prevent and minimise adverse effects on patients. The hospital policy mandates every complaint to be properly lodged and processed through the system and prohibits staff from reaching a private settlement with the complainants, which may potentially place the hospital in a disadvantaged situation if such complaints were to escalate further.

患者可通過郵件、電話、觸摸屏 終端或親自提交投訴。本集團有 專門設施記錄投訴過程，過程保 密，以保護所有參與各方的利益 及確保投訴過程公平進行並獲妥 善記錄。醫院設有投訴辦公室， 由經驗豐富的醫院管理者領導及 專門負責管理患者投訴。投訴辦 公室用作投訴人聯絡點、向投訴 人說明投訴流程、指導患者向適 當科室及治理委員會投訴以進行 詳細調查及根由分析、進行深入 事實認定、積極監督及管理投訴 流程、與所涉各方進行協調及溝 通、以保密方式準确記錄所有相 關結果及妥善回覆投訴人。所有 初步投訴及意見將由投訴辦公室 直接處理及回覆。儘管解決重大 投訴一般耗時較長，但本集團仍 致力於在最短時間內解決所有患 者投訴，或當場解決 （如可能） 。 對於涉及臨床安全或可能健康影 響的重大投訴，本集團將立即積 極採取行動防止或盡量減少對患 者的不利影響。醫院政策要求每 一項投訴都通過該系統妥善提交 及處理，且禁止員工與投訴人達 成私下和解，因該等投訴進一步 升級或會令醫院處於不利位置。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group regards patient complaint management as an important component for the continuous improvement of clinical safety and quality. The Group treats each of the patients' complaints seriously and regards them as the best source for improvement. Complaint reports are regularly reported to senior management for review. For every patient complaint, the Group is committed to understanding its fact pattern and root cause, ascertaining the responsible parties and areas of improvement. The hospitals organise a monthly complaints analysis meeting to identify improvement areas in clinical processes, make recommendations and ensure the relevant administrative and clinical departments implement the necessary improvements promptly. In addition, the hospitals organise a quarterly complaints sharing session on the root cause of the complaints, improvement processes implemented and lessons learnt with a view to cultivating a sense of vigilance among staff.

For critical complaints that may escalate into medical disputes, the complaint office will notify the medical dispute contingency task force, headed by the director and senior management of the hospital, to initiate the medical dispute process involving a highly coordinated effort of various units of the hospital. In 2022, most of the complaints were resolved amicably with only a few of them escalated into medical disputes. In 2022, 28 medical disputes cases (2021: 7) were materialised during the year.

## 4.2 Service quality management

The Group adopts a comprehensive service quality management system consisting of the following key components:

- structure - the availability of clinical resources, including medical equipment, hospital governance structure, human resources, bed to staff ratio, clinical objectives, practice guidelines and standards;
- process - the clinical processes, including whether clinical procedures are conducted according to the relevant specifications, work flow and nosocomial infections; and
- outcome - patient's well-being after receiving service, including efficacy of treatment, recovery progress, health conditions, satisfaction and complications arising from treatments.

本集團將患者投訴管理視作持續 改善臨床安全及質量的重要組成 部分。本集團認真處理每項患者 投訴，並視之為改進的最佳途徑。 投訴報告會定期上報高級管理層 審閱。本集團致力於理解每項患 者投訴的事實情況及根本原因， 確定責任方及有待改進之處。醫 院每月組織投訴分析會以發現臨 床過程中有待改進之處，提出建 議及確保相關行政及臨床部門立 即實施必要改進措施。此外，醫 院每季度就投訴根由、所實施改 進程序及所吸取教訓組織投訴交 流會，以在員工間培養警惕意識。

對於可能升級為醫療糾紛的重大 投訴，投訴辦公室將通知醫院董 事及高級管理層領導的醫療糾紛 應急管理小組，啟動醫療糾紛程 序，由醫院各單位高度協同努力 進行處理。二零二二年，大部分 投訴得到友善解決，僅有數起升 級為醫療糾紛。二零二二年，年 內出現 28 個（二零二一年： 7 個） 醫療糾紛案件。

## 4.2 服務質量管理

本集團採取全面服務質量管理體 系，包括以下主要組成部分：

- 結構－臨床資源可用程度， 包括醫療設備、醫院治理 結構、人力資源、床位與 員工比率、臨床目標、實 踐指引及標準；
- 環節－臨床程序，包括臨 床手術是否按照相關規範 進行、工作流程及醫院感 染；及
- 結果－患者接受服務後康 復情況，包括治療功效、 恢復過程、健康狀況、滿 意度及治療引起的併發症。

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

服務質量管理體系範圍廣泛。除 監控診斷質量（診斷是否準確、 周全及快速） 、治療質量 （治療是 否有效、快速、徹底及期間合理） 、 醫院感染控制及臨床缺陷（是否 對患者產生本來可以其他方式避 免的傷害、損害或疼痛）外，該 體系亦監控臨床療效、醫療費用 合理性、所使用醫療技術投入產 出關係、系統化服務及連續性及 社區反饋。在該體系下，醫院各 科室獲提供須達到的可量化服務 質量目標及監控參數。服務質量 管理及改進是一個持續的過程。 任何缺陷一經發現，即會以適當 監督級別迅速處理。

高標準臨床管理使本集團的住院 病人死亡率與醫院運營及行業的 固有風險保持一致。隨著本集團 增加接收重症患者及╱或需要專 門且複雜緊急手術並帶有較高不 利臨床結果風險的患者，其住院 病人死亡率或會增長。下表載列 於所示年度本集團的住院病人死 亡率：

The service quality management system has a wide scope. In addition to monitoring the quality of diagnosis (whether it is accurate, comprehensive and prompt), the quality of treatment (whether it  is  effective,  prompt, thorough and of a reasonable duration), nosocomial infections control and clinical deficiency (whether resulting injuries, harm or pain to patients that could otherwise be avoided), the system also monitors clinical efficiency, reasonableness of medical fees, the input-output relationship of applied medical techniques, systematic services and continuum and community feedback. Under this system, each hospital department is given quantifiable service quality targets to achieve and parameters to monitor. Service quality management and improvement is a continuous process. Any deficiency, once identified, will be handled promptly with appropriate level of supervision.

High standard of clinical governance maintains the Group's inpatient fatality rate consistent with the risks inherent in hospital operations and industry. As the Group increases its intake of patients with critical conditions and/or require specialized and complex emergency procedures that carry higher risks of unfavourable clinical outcome, its inpatient fatality rate may increase. The table below sets forth the Group's inpatient fatality rate for the years indicated:

| Change  2022  2021  變動率  二零二二年  二零二一年  Total number of inpatient deaths  住院病人死亡總數  9.3%  351  321  % of total inpatients  佔住院病人總數的  百分比  -8.4%  0.24%  0.26%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 4.3 Patient privacy protection

The  Group's  hospitals  have  a  dedicated  medical  records management department to handle patients' medical records. The hospitals strictly adhere to applicable laws and regulations in relation to patient privacy, including Guangdong Province Medical Records Writing and Management Specifications and Healthcare Institutions Medical Records Management Rules. The hospitals have stringent protocols on the creation, maintenance, reviewing and copying, sealing or unsealing and preservation of patient medical records. These protocols are also design to ensure that the records are not accidentally accessed, processed, erased, lost or used without authorization. Patient medical records are generally kept for 15 years. Before access to the relevant medical records is granted, patients or their families will need to produce the original of the patient's identity documents and a signed consent letter. The medical administration department is responsible for overseeing and auditing medical records management.

The Group also promotes patient privacy awareness among staff by conducting regular training and sharing sessions. Hospital staff are sensitive to patient privacy and place additional emphasis on protecting patient privacy during every aspect of the clinical processes. Save as required by applicable laws and regulations, patient information can only be released with consent.

Each of the Group's hospitals has an information technology department responsible for reviewing and implementing data protection measures in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. The hospitals' resources that store and manage patient data are physically disconnected from internet access points to prevent external leakage and tempering activities. The hospitals strictly adhere to grade three security requirements under the Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security. The hospitals' network security, system security and database security are reviewed from time to time and are comprehensively audited at least once every year to ensure the required standards are met.

## 4.3 患者隱私保護

本集團的醫院設有專責醫案管理 科來處理患者的醫療記錄。醫院 嚴格遵守與患者隱私有關的適用 法律法規，包括《廣東省病歷書 寫和管理規範》 及 《醫療機構病歷 管理規定》 。醫院對患者醫療記 錄的創建、維護、審閱與複製、 密封或拆封及保存，訂有嚴格規 程。該等規程亦旨在確保有關記 錄不會意外被查閱、處理、清除、 丟失或未經授權使用。患者醫療 記錄通常保存 15 年。在獲准查閱 相關醫療記錄前，患者或其家屬 將須出示患者身份證件原件及簽 名同意書。醫務部負責監督及審 核醫案管理。

本集團亦通過進行定期培訓及分 享會，提高員工的患者隱私意識。 醫院員工對患者隱私保持敏感， 並在臨床過程的各個方面格外重 視保護患者隱私。除適用法律法 規所規定者外，患者資料僅會在 徵得同意後發佈。

本集團各家醫院均設有信息技術 部，負責根據相關法律及法規審 閱及實施數據保護措施。醫院儲 存及管理患者數據的資源與互聯 網接入點物理斷連，以防止出現 外洩及篡改行為。醫院嚴格遵守 《信息安全等級保護管理辦法》 的 第三級安全規定。醫院的網絡安 全、系統安全及數據庫安全會不 時受到審查及至少每年全面審核 一次，以確保符合規定標準。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

醫院已制定隱私數據管理政策， 載明全面責任及程序以確保所有 用戶遵守界定標準。醫院已發佈 內部指引，載明處理載有患者數 據文件的具體程序。員工亦須遵 守醫院有關電腦系統安全（包括 儲存、處理、傳輸及管理機密資 料、數據加密及電腦系統的實體 安全）的內部指引。違反上述規 定將處以紀律處分。醫院定期向 員工提供有關數據保護的最新資 料及培訓，以培養其數據保護意 識。需要訪問敏感數據的員工亦 須就任何患者數據、經營、財務 及其可能接觸的其他敏感資料訂 立保密承諾。

醫院對資料訪問實施嚴格控制。 員工對敏感資料的訪問程度及控 制權乃參考其角色、職位及╱或 資歷的相關性而定，並經不時審 核。任何不必要或過時訪問權限 將被立即收回。所有網絡行動將 錄入系統並將持續監控任何異常 情況。倘出現違反信息安全的情 況，有關記錄將使醫院能進行詳 盡調查及損害控制。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度，本集團已於所有重大方 面就患者私隱遵守對本集團有重 大影響的適用法律法規。

The hospitals have formulated policies for privacy data administration which sets out the overall responsibilities and procedures to ensure that all users adhere to defined standards. The hospitals have promulgated internal instructions setting out specific procedures regarding the handling of documents containing patient data. Staff are also required to observe the hospitals' internal instructions on the security of computer systems (including storage, processing, transmission and management of classified information, data encryption and physical security of computer systems). Violation of the above requirements will result in disciplinary actions. The hospitals provide regular updates and trainings to staff on data protection to cultivate their data protection awareness. Staff who need to have access to sensitive data are also required to enter into a confidential undertaking with respect to any patient data, operational, financial and other sensitive information that they may come across.

The hospitals implement strong access controls to information. The degree of access and control the staff has to sensitive information is determined by reference to the relevance to their role, their post and/or seniority and is reviewed from time to time. Any unnecessary or obsolete access rights will be revoked immediately. All network actions are recorded on the systems and continuously monitored for any irregularity. In the event of an information security breach, such records will enable the hospitals to carry out detailed investigations and damage control.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had, in all material respects, complied with applicable laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to patient privacy.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 4.4 Suppliers

The Group's suppliers primarily consist of agents and distributors of pharmaceuticals, medical consumables and medical equipment. The Group seeks to manage inventory risks by maintaining adequate inventories and building strong relationships directly with suppliers. Suppliers are cautiously selected for quality, reputation, price, product and service offerings and delivery capability. The Group routinely assesses its suppliers' performance, credit-worthiness, re-confirm their qualifications (such as GMP and/or GSP Certificates, where appropriate) and ensure the compliance status and quality of the supplies. The Group undertakes reasonable due diligence of its suppliers' qualifications, including:

- suppliers are required to provide all relevant qualification documents and licenses for inspection;
- the procurement department is responsible for verifying the genuineness, validity and scope of the qualification documents and licenses;
- the qualification documents and licenses will be provided to the relevant departments, including warehouse, medical equipment department and pharmacy department for the relevant staff to take note of the source of the supplies and their qualifications; and
- the suppliers shall promptly produce any updates or changes to the qualification documents and licenses.

## 4.4 供應商

本集團的供應商主要包括藥品、 醫療耗材及醫療設備的代理商及 經銷商。本集團力求通過保持充 足存貨及直接與供應商建立牢固 關係，來管理存貨風險。本集團 根據質量、聲譽、價格、產品及 服務種類以及交付能力慎重甄選 供應商。本集團定期評估供應商 的表現、信譽，重新確定彼等的 資質（如 GMP 及╱或 GSP 證書（倘 適用）並確保供應的合規狀態及 質量。本集團會對供應商資質展 開合理盡職調查，包括：

- 供應商須提供所有相關資 質文件及許可證備查；
- 採購部負責核證資質文件 及許可證的真實性、有效 性及範圍；
- 資質文件及許可證將會提 供予相關科室，包括倉庫、 設備科及藥劑科，以使相 關員工記錄供應來源資料 及其資質；及
- 供應商應及時出示資質文 件及許可證的任何更新或 變動。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

本集團已採取嚴格政策禁止供應 商接觸及向醫生提供回扣以招攬 業務。倘任何供應商被發現違規， 本集團會立即終止業務關係。本 集團相信，這種做法會盡量減少 出現腐敗行為的風險，從而保證 供應品質量。

本集團就供應商設有內部評級制 度，可大致分類為：

- (i) 優秀供應商：本集團將增 加向該等供應商的採購量 並與其保持穩定關係；
- (ii) 普通供應商：本集團將逐 漸減少向該等供應商的採 購量並對其進行更嚴密審 查；及
- (iii) 不理想供應商：該等供應 商會被列入黑名單，本集 團將不再向其採購。該等 供應商通常包括不遵守採 購協議、聲譽有問題、經 常歪曲產品價格、未在規 定時間交付規定數量、交 付供應品質量低劣或多次 警告仍未改進的供應商。

The Group has adopted a stringent policy that prohibits suppliers from contacting and offering rebates to doctors to solicit business. If any supplier is found to be in violation, the Group will immediately terminate the business relationship. The Group believes that such practice minimizes the risk of corrupt practices, thereby safeguarding the quality of the supplies.

The Group has an internal rating system for its suppliers, which can broadly be classified into:

- (i) excellent suppliers: the Group should increase purchase volume, and maintain stable relationship with, these suppliers;
- (ii) mediocre suppliers: the Group should gradually reduce purchase volume with, and pay closer scrutiny on, these suppliers; and
- (iii) poor suppliers: these suppliers are blacklisted and the Group should no longer purchase from them. These suppliers typically include those who do not comply with the purchase agreement, have questionable reputation, always misrepresent the product price, do not deliver the required quantity at the required time, deliver supplies with inferior quality, or show no improvement despite repeated warnings.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

The Group recognizes that purchasing products with reduced environmental and human health impacts is vital to sustainable healthcare. The Group is exploring various ways to achieve 'environmentally preferable purchasing' ('EPP'), an act of purchasing products whose environmental impacts have been considered and found to be less damaging to the environment and human health when compared to competing products. EPP may be feasible to achieve overall cost saving and waste reduction while meeting the needs of patients. The Group has begun its EPP efforts with a few carefully targeted purchasing changes, and if feasible, will expand the scope of environmental purchasing to select as many environmentally sound, healthy and safe products as a hospital can use. The Group believes that EPP may become an important part of the process toward sustainable operations. Downstream corrections of environmental or occupational health issues are generally more costly - in terms of money, labor, technical complexity, and adverse publicity - than prevention through EPP. By carefully selecting products, a hospital may achieve:

- a significant reduction in overall impact on the environment, cost reduction with lower purchase prices or changes that reduce or eliminate waste disposal, hazardous waste, and/or the need for worker safety measures;
- a healthier environment for patients and staff through reduced exposure to hazardous substance; and
- opportunities for positive publicity and promotion.

本集團意識到採購對環境及人類 健康影響較低的產品對可持續 醫療發展至關重要。本集團不斷 探索各種途徑，以實現「環保採 購」 （ 「 EPP 」 ） ，一種所購產品在環 境影響方面被視為且獲證實為對 環境及人類健康的破壞作用低於 競爭產品的採購行為。 EPP 在滿 足病人需求同時實現整體成本節 約及減少垃圾方面不失為可行之 策。本集團的 EPP 努力始於對精 選目標採購作出些許調整，如可 行，將會擴大環保採購範圍，甄 選出醫院所能使用的盡可能多的 環保、健康及安全產品。本集團 認為 EPP 會成為邁向可持續經營 之路的重要組成部分。環保或職 業健康問題的事後糾正－在金錢、 勞工、技術複雜程度及不利的公 眾形象方面－較之於通過 EPP 進 行預防常常須付出更加昂貴的代 價。在挑選產品中謹慎行事，醫 院可：

- 大大降低對環境的整體影 響、以較低的採購價格或 較小的價格波動來減少成 本，這可減少或消除廢物 及有害物質的處理及╱或 減少員工安全措施需要；
- 通過減少有害物質的曝光 為病人及員工營造更加健 康的環境；及
- 創造正面宣傳及推廣的機會。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

實施任何 EPP 預期均將循序漸進， 且可能需要醫院的採購及臨床 配置作出重大改變。在作出任何 採購變動時，本集團將綜合評估 EPP 的長期裨益、臨床可行性及 業務代價。

除採購醫藥、醫療耗材及醫療設 備外，本集團亦需要不同供應商 不時為醫院場所進行工程及翻新 服務。本集團竭力確保該等供應 商屬適當合格，並將採取一切必 要措施保護施工場地內外環境， 限制因工程施工產生的廢物、污 染物、噪音及其他危害對公眾及 物業造成的有害影響。該等供應 商須遵守《中華人民共和國勞動 法》 及 《中華人民共和國勞動合同 法》的適用規定，根據有關法律 為其工人提供充足的社會保障及 福利。本集團密切關注工程施工 並可能不時委聘第三方監理，確 保工程符合適用國家工程規格及 標準，滿足環保要求。

Any implementation of EPP is expected to be gradual, and may require substantial changes to purchasing and clinical configuration of the hospital. The Group will comprehensively assess the long-term benefits of EPP, clinical feasibility and business considerations when making any purchasing changes.

In addition to the purchase of pharmaceuticals, medical consumables and medical equipment, the Group also relies on various vendors for engineering and renovation services at the hospital premises from time to time. The Group uses its best efforts to ensure that these vendors are properly qualified and will take all appropriate measures to protect the environment both inside and outside the work site and limit harmful effects to the public and property due to wastes, pollution, noise and other nuisances caused by the engineering work. These vendors are expected to satisfy the applicable requirements under the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC and provide the workers with adequate social security and benefits under the relevant laws. The Group pays close attention on the engineering work and may from time to time engage thirdparty supervision to ensure that the engineering work meets the applicable national engineering specifications and standards and environmental protection.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 4.5 Anti-bribery and corruption risks

The PRC government has recently enhanced its anti-bribery efforts to prevent improper payments and other benefits received by doctors, staff and hospital administrators in connection with the procurement of  pharmaceutical and medical supplies and the provision of healthcare services. In addition, Grade A Class III hospitals in the PRC, such as the Group's Kanghua Hospital, are subject to particularly stringent requirements, including as part of the criteria for such ratings, requiring all such hospitals to (i) implement internal controls and risk management measures addressing bribery and corruption risks; and (ii) undergo annual inspections from relevant regulatory authorities as to their anti-bribery and corruption status. The Group has implemented the following policies and procedures to address potential bribery and corruption incidents:

- an anti-bribery function at the Group level led by the chief financial officer of the Company. This function is in charge of  developing the overall framework of anti-bribery and corruption policies and procedures and providing guidance and supervision towards implementing them across every aspect of the Group's operations. Each of the Group's hospitals will immediately report any suspected incidents of bribery and corruption to the chief financial officer of the Company, who will then carry out any further investigations if necessary and determine the appropriate course of action. From time to time, the Group provides training to its staff and updates on recent anti-bribery and corruption issues and practices as they arise;

## 4.5 反賄賂及腐敗風險

中國政府近期已增強其反賄賂力 度，防止醫生、員工及醫院行政 人員在採購藥品和醫療用品及提 供醫療服務時收取不正當款項及 其他利益。此外，中國的三級甲 等醫院 （如本集團的康華醫院） 須 遵守的要求尤為嚴格，包括（作 為有關評級標準的一部分）要求 所有相關醫院 (i) 實施防範賄賂及 腐敗風險的內部控制及風險管理 措施；及 (ii) 接受相關監管機構就 其反賄賂及腐敗狀況進行的年度 檢查。本集團已實施以下政策及 程序，防範潛在賄賂及腐敗事件：

- 本集團層面設有反賄賂職 能，由本公司首席財務官 領導。該職能負責制定反 賄賂及腐敗政策及程序的 整體框架，對在本集團經 營各個方面的政策及程序 實施進行指導及監管。本 集團各醫院將即時向本公 司首席財務官報告任何疑 似賄賂及腐敗事件，首席 財務官其後將於必要時進 行任何進一步調查並確定 合適的行動方案。本集團 會不時向員工提供培訓及 提供最近出現的反賄賂及 反腐敗問題及實踐的最新 情況；

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

- 本集團設立穩健的舉報制 度，員工及業務夥伴均可 透過專線及電郵地址舉報， 我們按無彈回基準接獲指 稱腐敗的報告，舉報者可 匿名。本集團對員工收取 任何形式的賄賂採取零容 忍政策。該政策載於員工 手冊及行為準則。任何員 工一經發現違反本集團的 反賄賂及反腐敗政策將會 被解僱。本集團亦採取適 當的措施勸阻病人為獲得 更好或優先服務而向本集 團的員工提供任何形式的 付款或禮品，包括在醫院 顯眼位置展示相關政策及 法律；
- 本集團密切監察採購流程 的各個方面。本集團已設 立涉及多個部門、專責管 理委員會及各類採購管理 的系統性多層審批流程。 我們的採購流程為分離式， 不會出現個別人士或部門 的權力、控制權或影響過 大，因此可最大限度降低 腐敗或濫用職權的風險。 與新供應商建立任何業務 關係前，本集團進行盡職 調查，以合理掌握其背景 及其與本集團的關係，包 括該供應商首次引薦給本 集團的方式。本集團要求 供應商同意我們供應協議 中的反賄賂及反腐敗條文。 尤其是，禁止供應商直接 向我們的醫院員工招攬業 務。一旦違反，本集團將 立即終止與該等供應商的 業務；及
- the Group has in place a robust whistle blower programme accessible by staff and business partners, including a dedicated hotline and an email address, to receive reports of alleged corruption on a no repercussion basis, with the option of anonymity. The Group has established a zero-tolerance policy towards staff accepting any form of bribes. Such policy is included in the staff handbook and code of conduct. Any of the staff found in breach of anti-bribery and corruption policy will be dismissed. The Group also takes appropriate measures to discourage patients from offering any form of payment or gift to staff for better or priority services, including displaying the relevant policies and laws in prominent places in the hospital premises;
- the Group has close oversight over every aspect of the procurement processes. The Group has established a systematic multi-tier approval process involving various departments, dedicated governance committees and management for different categories of procurement. The procurement processes are segregated and no particular individual or department has excessive authority, control or influence, thereby minimising the risk of corruption or abuse. Before engaging in any business relationship with a new supplier, the Group conducts due diligence to obtain reasonable understanding of its background and its connection with the Group, including how such supplier was referred to the Group in the first place. The Group requires its suppliers to agree to anti-bribery and corruption provisions in the supply agreements. In particular, suppliers are prohibited from soliciting business with the hospital staff directly. Any violation will result in the Group's immediate business termination with such suppliers; and

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

- as  part  of  the  Group's  key  clinical  governance,  the Pharmaceutical Administration and Therapeutics Committee at each of the Group's hospitals regularly reviews drug prescription patterns. Any unreasonable or inexplicable irregularities or red flags indicative of a deliberate attempt to substantially increase the prescription of certain drugs will be promptly reported and investigated.

In line with requirements under applicable PRC laws and regulations, the Group has established a strict 'no red packet policy' for medical professionals not to personally accept any form of payment or advantages from patients in return for more favourable treatments. The Group requires all healthcare professionals to report to management of all instances of red packets offered by patients. The table below sets forth the number and monetary amount of red packets rejected by the healthcare professionals for the years indicated:

- 作為本集團臨床管理的一 個關鍵部分，本集團各家 醫院的藥事管理與藥物治 療學委員會將定期審查藥 物處方模式。任何不合理 或無法解釋的違規行為或 危險信號表示蓄意試圖在 處方中大幅增加若干藥物 將被立即上報及接受調查。

根據適用中國法律及法規的規定， 本集團已為我們的醫務人員制定 嚴格的 「拒收紅包政策」 ，不得私 下收取患者為換取更為有利治療 而提供的任何形式的款項或好處。 本集團規定所有醫務人員須向管 理層報告患者提供紅包的一切情 況。下表載列所示年度我們醫務 人員拒收的紅包數目及金額：

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Number of red packets rejected  拒收紅包數目  73.3%  298  172  Total monetary amount involved  (RMB)  所涉總金額  （人民幣元）  88.2%  318,509  169,280   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had, in all material respects, complied with applicable laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to bribery and corruption.

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度，本集團已於貪污與腐化 的所有重大方面，符合及採取適 用法律法規。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

## 5. 社區福利計劃

誠如我們的辦院宗旨 「蒼生為念 · 厚德 載醫」 所包含者，本集團將社會貢獻視 為其核心價值觀之一。本集團以作為 對社會負責的民營醫院運營商而感到 自豪。本集團透過有組織及可持續的 社區福利計劃致力於社區服務，主要 提供： (i) 向無力支付醫療費用的群體 提供免費及優惠保健服務；及 (ii) 旨在 改善社區健康及增強醫療便利的服務 或教育。該等計劃的設計目的在於滿 足經識別的社區需求而非隨意行善來 實現更具意義的影響。

本集團已實施一個規劃、履行及報告 其社區福利工作的綜合框架，當中包 括以下要素：

- 可持續基礎設施－本集團已營造 出支持其社區福利倡議的文化並 已配備可持續發展社區福利計劃 的作業要素，如臨床資源、人員、 預算以及支持政策及程序；
- 社區福利計劃－透過與公眾衛生 機構及社區的定期溝通，本集團 持續評估醫療需求並確立其優先 次序，制定相應社區福利計劃；
- 社區福利問責－本集團已制定有 效的管理及問責程序，對其持份 者負責並向其報告社區福利事宜； 及
- 社區福利計劃評估－本集團評估 相關計劃及活動的質量、效果及 影響。

## 5. COMMUNITY BENEFIT PROGRAMMES

As encompassed in the motto 'Empathic · Virtuous Medical Practice' ( 蒼生為念·厚德載醫 ),  the Group regards social contribution as one of its core values. The Group prides itself on being a socially responsible private hospital operator. The Group demonstrates its commitment to community service through organized and sustainable community benefit programmes primarily providing: (i) free and discounted care to those unable to afford healthcare; and (ii) services or education designed to improve community health and increase access to healthcare. These programmes are purposely designed to create meaningful impact by responding to identified community needs, as opposed to being random acts of kindness.

The Group has implemented a comprehensive framework for planning, delivering and reporting its community benefit efforts, including the following elements:

- sustainable infrastructure - the Groups has fostered a culture that supports its community benefit initiatives and has in place operational elements that sustain the community benefit programmes, such as clinical resources, staff, budget and supporting policies and procedures;
- plan for community benefit - through regular communication with public health organizations and the community, the Group continuously assesses and prioritizes community health needs and develops community benefit programmes accordingly;
- account for community benefit - the Group has established effective administrative and accounting processes to account for and report community benefit to its stakeholders; and
- evaluate community benefit programmes - the Group assesses the quality, effectiveness and impact of the relevant programmes and activities.

In 2022, the Group organized numerous volunteer programmes and free clinics, with a focus primarily on children and elderly people with limited health awareness and/or access to affordable and adequate healthcare. The free clinics also penetrated remote areas where basic healthcare resources are scarce. The table below sets forth certain data of the Relevant Operations community benefit efforts for the years indicated:

二零二二年，本集團組織大量志願者 項目及免費會診，重點對象是健康意 識較差及╱或難以享受支付得起的醫 療服務或其醫療服務不足的兒童及長 者。免費會診亦深入基本醫療資源匱 乏的偏遠山區。下表載列於所示年度 有關經營業務社區福利工作的若干數 據：

| Change  2022  2021  變動  二零二二年  二零二一年  Volunteer activities  參與義工活動  Number of volunteer activities  義工活動次數  -16.4%  184  220  Number of staff participants  參與員工人次  -10.2%  522  581  Total number of volunteer man-hours  參與義工活動人員時數  -19.2%  3,792  4,692  Free clinics  免費會診  Number of free clinics  免費會診次數  -23.3%  198  258  Number of staff participants  參與員工人次  -21.0%  746  944  Estimated number of patients served  所服務患者估計人次  13.7%  22,130  19,457  Total number of free clinic man-hours  免費會診總工時  3.7%  2,911  2,807  Total amount of compensation provided  to staff for participating in free  clinics (RMB)  向參與免費會診的員工  提供的報酬總額  （人民幣元）  -13.3%  38,000  44,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The decrease in certain aspects of volunteer activities and free clinics was primarily due to the relaxation of pandemic controls in 2022 where there were fewer occasions of large-scale COVID test and injections activities requiring volunteer contribution.

若干方面的義工活動及免費會診減少 乃主要由於二零二二年放寬疫情管控， 需要志願者貢獻的大規模 COVID 檢測 及疫苗注射活動減少所致。

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

聯交所 《環境、社會及管治報告指引》 內容索引

A. 環境

## THE STOCK EXCHANGE'S ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX

## A. Environmental

| 關鍵績效指標  Aspect A1: Emissions  層面  A1  ：排放物  Types of emissions and respective  emissions data  The Relevant Operations are not a significant source of  greenhouse gas emission  A1.1  A1.2  排放物種類及相關排放數據  有關經營業務並非溫室氣體排放的重大來源  Greenhouse gas emission in total  溫室氣體總排放量  Total hazardous and non-hazardous  waste produced and intensity  所產生有害及無害廢棄物總量及密度  Wastewaters produced: 412,094 tons (2021: 378,028 tons)  所產生廢水：  412,094  噸 （二零二一年：  378,028  噸）  Hazardous solid wastes produced: 538,755 kg  (2021: 560,037 kg)  所產生有害固體廢棄物：  538,755  公斤  （二零二一年：  560,037  公斤）  Domestic wastes produced: 2,743,496 kg  (2021: 2,440,125 kg)  所產生生活廢棄物：  2,743,496  公斤  （二零二一年：  2,440,125  公斤）  A1.3  A1.4  Measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved  The Relevant Operations are not a significant source of  greenhouse gas emission  A1.5  減低排放量的措施及所得成果  有關經營業務並非溫室氣體排放的重大來源   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

KPI

關鍵績效指標

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| KPI 關鍵績效指標  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction initiatives and results achieved  描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法、 減低產生量的措施及所得成果  ## Handling 處理  Wastewaters and hazardous solid wastes: handled by qualified contractors licensed by environmental authorities 廢水及有害固體廢棄物：由獲環境部門許可的合資格 承包商處理  Domestic wastes: handled by eligible contractors through tendering  生活廢棄物：由中標的合格承包商處理  ## Reduction initiatives  ## 減低產生量的措施  Domestic wastes: segregation and recycling; promoting staff awareness and paper-less office initiatives; reuse of components in decommissioned equipment and furniture 生活廢棄物：分離及回收；提高員工意識及省紙辦公 措施；重複利用退役設備及裝置的組件  Wastewaters and hazardous wastes: production of these wastes is integral to clinical activities and maintaining a high clinical standard and environment sanitation. The Group currently considers it is not feasible to excessively reduce the production of these wastes without compromising clinical standards, which are of overriding importance  廢水及有害廢棄物：進行診療工作必定會產生廢棄物， 我們保持高臨床標準及環境衛生標準。本集團目前認 為過度減少該等廢棄物生產量不可避免令診療標準打折， 而診療標準至為重要，故減排並不切實可行  A1.6   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

KPI

關鍵績效指標

| Aspect A2: Use of Resources  層面 A2  ：資源使用  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption  by type  按類型劃分的直接及╱或間接能源  耗量  Electricity: 40,883,188 kw/hr (2021: 39,819,407 kw/hr)  電：  40,883,188  千瓦時 （二零二一年：  39,819,407  千瓦時）  A2.1  Water consumption in total  總耗水量  Water consumption: 814,238 tons (2021: 759,023 tons)  耗水量：  814,238  噸 （二零二一年：  759,023  噸）  A2.2  Energy use efficiency initiatives and results  achieved  能源使用效益計劃及所得成果  Efficiency improving initiatives  效益提升計劃  Use of energy efficient light source, water heating, air-  conditioning and equipment; staff awareness; regular audit  of energy usage and inspection of energy demanding  processes  使用能效高的光源、水暖、空調及設備；提高員工意識； 定期審核能源使用及檢查能源需求程序  ## Results achieved  所得成果  Energy consumption per gross floor area was slightly increased by 1.1% primarily because of the increase in energy consumption during the year  每建築面積的能源耗量輕微增加 1.1% ，主要由於年內的 能源消耗增加  The Group will continue to monitor the effectiveness of the initiatives on a long term basis  本集團將繼續長期監控計劃的成效  A2.3  A2.4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

KPI

關鍵績效指標

| ## Water efficiency improving initiatives and results achieved  提升用水效益計劃及所得成果  ## Efficiency improving initiatives  效益提升計劃  Leak detection and repair; use of efficient and low flow plumbing fixtures; motion sensor-activated faucets and flow control, waterless medical vacuum pumps; use full loads in sanitizers, sterilisers and laundry washing machines  洩漏檢測及維修；使用高效、低流量管道裝置；自動感 應水龍頭及流量控制、醫療無水真空泵；在滿載時使 用消毒器、殺菌器及洗衣機  ## Results achieved  所得成果  Water consumption intensity increased by 5.6% primarily because of the increase in water consumption during the year, however, there was an increase in gross floor space occupied at our Relevant Operations in 2022. The Group will continue to monitor the effectiveness of the initiatives on a long term basis  水量消耗強度增加 5.6% ，主要由於年內的水量消耗增加， 然而，於二零二二年有關經營業務的佔地面積有所增加。 本集團將繼續長期監控計劃的成效  Total packaging material used for finished products  製成品所用包裝材料的總量  The Relevant Operations do not involve significant use of packaging materials  本集團的有關經營業務並不涉及大量使用包裝材料  A2.5  Aspect A3: The Environment and Natural Resources 層面 A3 ：環境及天然資源  The significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them 業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影 響及已採取管理有關影響的行動  The Relevant Operations had no significant impact on the environment and natural resources during 2022 有關經營業務於二零二二年對環境及天然資源並無重 大影響  A3.1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## B. Social

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

B.

社會

Employment and Labour Practices

僱傭及勞工常規

KPI

關鍵績效指標

Aspect B1: Employment

層面 B1

：僱傭

Total workforce by gender, employment type and age group

按性別、僱傭類型及年齡組別劃分的 僱員總數

As of 31 December 2022:

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日：

Total of number of staff of the Group: 3,848 (2021: 3,607)

本集團的員工總數： 3,848 人 （二零二一年： 3,607

人）

## - by nature of work

－按工作性質劃分

Doctors: 807 (2021: 932)

醫生：

807 人 （二零二一年： 932 人）

Other medical, administrative and support staff: 3,041

(2021: 2,675)

其他醫療、行政及支援的員工：

3,041

人

（二零二一年：

2,675 人）

## - by gender

－按性別劃分

Male: 1,004 (2021: 935)

男性：

1,004 人 （二零二一年： 935 人）

Female: 2,844 (2021: 2,672)

女性：

2,844 人 （二零二一年： 2,672 人）

## - by age group

－按年齡組別劃分

Age 51 or above: 406 (2021: 292)

51 歲或以上：

406 人 （二零二一年： 292 人）

Age between 31 to 50: 1,666 (2021: 1,471)

31 至 50 歲：

1,666 人 （二零二一年： 1,471 人）

Age below 30: 1,776 (2021: 1,844)

30 歲或以下：

1,776 人 （二零二一年： 1,844 人）

B1.1

Employee attrition rate 僱員流失比率

Attrition rate: 12.1% (2021: 9.8%)

流失比率：

12.1% （二零二一年： 9.8% ）

B1.2

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

Employment and Labour Practices

僱傭及勞工常規

KPI

關鍵績效指標

## Aspect B2: Health and Safety

層面 B2

：健康與安全

Relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards

有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避 免職業性危害

In 2022:

二零二二年：

Number of staff contracting infections due to occupation: 0 (2021: 0)

因職業接觸感染的員工數目：

0 人 （二零二一年： 0 人）

Number of staff deaths: 0 (2021: 0)

員工死亡數目：

0 人 （二零二一年： 0 人）

Number of staff disabilities due to occupation: 0 (2021: 0)

因職業殘疾的員工數目： 0 人 （二零二一年： 0 人）

Number of man-days lost due to occupation related injuries or illness: 137 (2021: 6)

因職業相關傷害或疾病導致的工傷誤工天數： 137 天 （二零二一年： 6 天）

Health and safety measures adopted:

已採納的健康與安全措施：

Regular audit and inspection of operating premises;

定期審核及檢查經營處所；

proactive risk reporting culture among staff;

在員工間形成主動報告氛圍；

continuous learning from health and safety incidents and improvement of processes;

持續從健康與安全事故中學習經驗並改善程序；

regular staff health and exposure assessment;

定期進行員工健康及風險評估；

provision of adequate protective gears;

提供足夠的護具；

third party inspection and assessment; and

第三方檢查及評估；及

adequate support to handle incidents of medical violence 給予足夠支持以處理醫療暴力事件

B2

<!-- image -->

Employment and Labour Practices

僱傭及勞工常規

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

KPI

關鍵績效指標

## Aspect B3: Development and Training

層面 B3

：發展及培訓

Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work

有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及 技能的政策

In 2022:

二零二二年：

Number of participants in training and development programmes: 39,100 (2021: 24,047)

參加培訓及發展項目的員工人次： 39,100

人

（二零二一年：

24,047 人）

Doctors:  Male 5,502 (2021: 5,930)

Female 2,878 (2021: 3,647)

醫生：

男性 5,502 人 （二零二一年： 5,930 人）

女性 2,878 人 （二零二一年： 3,647 人）

Nurses:  Male 148 (2021: 18)

Female 29,425 (2021: 13,644)

護士：

男性 148 人 （二零二一年： 18 人） 女性 29,425 人 （二零二一年： 13,644 人）

Others:

Male 516 (2021: 335)

Female 631 (2021: 473)

其他：

男性 516 人 （二零二一年： 335 人）

女性 631 人 （二零二一年： 473 人）

Total number of training man-hours: 293,671 (2021: 268,468)

培訓總工時：

293,671 小時 （二零二一年： 268,468 小時）

Doctors:  Male 62,781 (2021: 84,142)

Female 37,453 (2021: 62,379)

醫生：

男性 62,781 人 （二零二一年： 84,142 人） 女性 37,453 人 （二零二一年： 62,379 人）

Nurses:  Male 1,473 (2021: 245)

Female 187,557 (2021: 115,586)

護士：

男性 1,473 人 （二零二一年： 245 人）

女性 187,557 人 （二零二一年： 115,586 人）

Others:

Male 2,142 (2021: 2,667)

Female 2,265 (2021: 3,449)

其他：

男性 2,142 人 （二零二一年： 2,667 人） 女性 2,265 人 （二零二一年： 3,449 人）

Description of training activities 描述培訓活動

The Group has a comprehensive Continuing Education and Training Management Policy

本集團設有全面的繼續教育培訓管理制度

Training activities include training on clinical skills; nursing and patient caretaking skills; and comprehensive training on staff management capability, cultural values and technical skills

培訓活動包括臨床技能、護理及病人看護技能的培訓； 以及對員工管理能力、文化價值及技術技能的全面培 訓

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| Employment and Labour Practices  僱傭及勞工常規  KPI  關鍵績效指標  Aspect B4: Labour Standards  層面  B4  ：勞工準則  Employment practices to avoid child and  forced labour  防止童工及強制勞工的招聘慣例  The Group stringently complies with all national and local  laws, including the Labor Law of the PRC and the Labor  Contract Law of the PRC;  本集團嚴格遵守一切國家及地方法律，包括 《中華人民  共和國勞動法》 及 《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》 ；  The Group conducts background checks and reasonable  due diligence on job applicants; and  本集團對職位申請人進行背景調查及合理盡職審查；  及  labour unions are established to protect the rights and  interests of staff  設立工會以保障員工權利及利益  B4.1  Steps taken to eliminate such practices  when discovered  在發現違規情況時消除有關情況所採  取的步驟  During 2022, the Group had no non-compliance in this  respect  於二零二二年，本集團並無此方面的不合規情況  B4.2  Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management  層面  B5  ：供應鏈管理  Policies on managing environmental and  social risks of the supply chain  管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策  The Relevant Operations do not have a supply chain business  有關經營業務並無設有供應鏈業務  It has a stringent criteria in selecting suppliers and conducts  reasonable due diligence to ensure that its suppliers are  appropriately qualified and licensed  其在篩選供應商方面設有嚴格標準並進行合理盡職審  查以確保供應商擁有適當的資格及牌照  The Group will continuously assess the feasibility of  'environmentally preferable purchasing' (EPP)  本集團將持續評估 「環保採購」  (EPP)  的可行性  B5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| Employment and Labour Practices  僱傭及勞工常規  KPI  關鍵績效指標  Aspect B6: Product Responsibility  層面  B6  ：產品責任  Percentage of total products sold or  shipped subject to recalls for safety and  health reasons  已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與健  康理由而須回收的百分比  Not applicable to the Relevant Operations  不適用於有關經營業務  B6.1  Number of products and service related  complaints received and how they are  dealt with  接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及  應對方法  In 2022:  二零二二年：  Number of critical complains: 42 (2021: 17)  關鍵投訴數目：  42  次 （二零二一年：  17  次）  Number of regular complaints: 4 (2021: 46)  定期投訴數目：  4  次 （二零二一年：  46  次）  Number of immaterial complaints: 614 (2021: 505)  非重要投訴數目：  614  次 （二零二一年：  505  次）  The Group's hospitals have a comprehensive complaint  management system. In 2022, most of the complaints were  resolved amicably with only a few of them escalated into  medical disputes. In 2022, 28 medical disputes cases  (2021: 7) were materialised during the year.  本集團的醫院設有全面的投訴管理系統。二零二二年，  大部分投訴已獲和解，僅有少數升級為醫療糾紛。  於二零二二年，年內共發生  28  宗醫療糾紛案件  （二零二一年：  7  宗） 。  B6.2  Practices relating to observing and  protecting intellectual property rights  與維護及保障知識產權有關的慣例  The Relevant Operations do not involve a significant degree  of intellectual property rights  有關經營業務並無涉及重大程度的知識產權  B6.3  Quality assurance process and recall  procedures  質量檢定過程及產品回收程序  The Group has a comprehensive service quality  management system consisting of structure, process and  outcome. It has a wide scope covering every aspect of  operations. Dedicated customer service department collects  and gauges patient feedback and ensures that patient  experience is positive through proactive outreach and  responsive communication  B6.4  本集團設有包括架構、程序及結果在內的全面服務質  量管理系統，其範圍廣闊，涵蓋營運的每個方面。專責  客戶服務部門收集及計量患者反饋，並透過主動拓展  及積極溝通確保患者有良好體驗   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| Employment and Labour Practices  僱傭及勞工常規  KPI  關鍵績效指標  Consumer data protection and privacy  policies, how they are implemented  and monitored  消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及相  關執行及監察方法  Patient medical records are kept in strict compliance with  applicable laws and regulations. The Group has stringent  protocols on accessing these records. The medical  administration department is responsible for overseeing  and auditing medical records management  B6.5  患者醫療記錄乃嚴格遵守適用法律法規來保存。本集  團設有獲取該等記錄的嚴格規程。醫務部負責監察及  審核醫療記錄管理  The Group's hospitals maintain a certain level of information  security infrastructure and implement strong access controls  to information. Regular audits on the infrastructure are  carried out to ensure relevant standards are met  本集團醫院維持一定程度的信息安全基礎設施及實施  對獲取資料的嚴格控制。將會對基礎設施進行定期審  核以確保符合相關標準  Staff are trained to be vigilant and sensitive about patient  privacy. Policies and guidelines are implemented to create  working processes that safeguard patient privacy  員工獲培訓須對患者隱私保持警惕及敏感。已實施政  策及指引以設立保障患者隱私的工作流程  Aspect B7: Anti-corruption  層面 B7  ：反貪污  Policies and compliance with relevant  laws and regulations that have a  significant impact on the issuer relating  to bribery, extortion, fraud and money  laundering  有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢  的政策及遵守對發行人有重大影響  的相關法律及規例  Policies and procedures include:  •  anti-bribery function at Group level;  •  whistle blower programmes;  •  close oversight over procurement processes;  •  drug prescription patterns; and  •  no red packet policy  政策及程序包括：  •  本集團層面的反賄賂職能；  •  舉報制度；  •  密切監察採購流程；  •  藥物處方模式；及  •  拒收紅包政策  B7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

環境、社會及管治報告

| Employment and Labour Practices  僱傭及勞工常規  KPI  關鍵績效指標  Aspect B8: Community Investment  層面  B8  ：社區投資  Focus areas of contribution  專注貢獻範疇  In 2022, the Group has organised volunteer programmes  and free clinics, with a focus primarily on children and  elderly people with limited health awareness and/or access  to affordable and adequate healthcare. The free clinics also  penetrated remote areas where basic healthcare resources  are scarce  二零二二年，本集團組織義工項目及免費會診，主要  集中於健康意識薄弱及╱或難以獲得可負擔及足夠醫  療保健的兒童及老人。免費會診亦深入到基礎醫療資  源稀缺的偏遠地區  B8.1  Resources contributed  所動用資源  In 2022:  二零二二年：  Number of volunteer man-hours: 3,792 (2021:  4,692)  參與義工活動人員時數：  3,792  小時  （二零二一年：  4,692  小時）  Number of free clinic man-hours: 2,911 (2021: 2,807)  免費會診工時數目：  2,911  小時 （二零二一年：  2,807  小時）  Total amount of compensation provided to staff for participating  in free clinics: RMB38,000 (2021: RMB44,000)  向參與免費會診的員工提供的報酬總額：人民幣  38,000  元  （二零二一年：人民幣  44,000  元）  B8.2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. WANG Junyang ,  aged 40, is an executive Director and chairman of the Board. He is primarily responsible for the overall business operation and strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Wang was appointed as the executive Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a joint stock limited liability company. Mr. Wang has approximately 16 years of industry and management experience, and is familiar with modern enterprise management, capital operations and marketing. Mr. Wang joined Kanghua Hospital in August 2007 and has held various positions since then, including assistant to general manager responsible for hospital operations from August 2007 to July 2009, manager of the business department responsible for business development from August 2009 to November 2012 and vice general manager of the business department responsible for business management and overall strategic development of the hospital since December 2012. Mr. Wang has also served as director and general manager responsible for business management and overall strategic development of Kanghua Group since August 2007 and Xingye Group since December 2008. Mr. Wang has served on the fourth council of Dongguan City Houjie Chamber of Commerce ( 東莞市厚街商會第四屆理事會理事 ) since December 2009. In 2012, Mr. Wang served as the president of the fifth council of Dongguan Young Entrepreneurs Association ( 東莞市青年企業家協會第五屆理 事會會長 ). In June 2014, Mr. Wang was awarded Outstanding Young Dongguan Businessman ( 優秀青年莞商 ) by the World Dongguan Entrepreneurs Convention Organising Committee ( 世界莞商大會組織委員會 ).  Mr. Wang is a member of the Wang Family and is the cousin of Mr. Wong Wai Hung Simon and nephew of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin. Mr. Wang was also appointed as a nonexecutive Director of Dongguan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd in August 2016.

Mr. CHEN Wangzhi ,  aged 52, is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Chen is primarily responsible for the overall hospital operations and management of the Group. Mr. Chen was appointed as the executive Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a joint stock limited liability company. Mr. Chen has over 16 years of experience in the healthcare industry. Mr. Chen joined Renkang Hospital in August 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as the chairman responsible for hospital operations and development. Mr. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as the chairman and general manager responsible for hospital operations and development. He was principally responsible for supervising the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital from which he had gained extensive experience in hospital management and development. Under the leadership of  Mr.  Chen, Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital have developed a management style reflective of the values and characteristics of the 'Kanghua' brand and obtained many prestigious accreditations and recognitions. Mr. Chen obtained an executive master's degree in business administration ( 高級管理 人員工商管理 )  from Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山大學 )  in December 2014. Mr. Chen is a member of the Wang Family and is uncle-in-law of Mr. Wang Junyang and spouse of Ms. Wang Aiqin.

## 董事

執行董事

王君揚先生 ， 40 歲，為執行董事兼董事會主 席。彼主要負責本集團整體業務營運及策略 規劃。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司後， 王先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執行 董事。王先生擁有約 16 年的業內及管理經驗， 並熟悉現代企業管理、資本運營及市場推廣。 王先生於二零零七年八月加入康華醫院， 並自此一直擔任多個職務（包括自二零零七 年八月至二零零九年七月擔任總經理助理 （負責醫院營運） 、自二零零九年八月至二 零一二年十一月擔任業務部經理（負責業務 發展）以及自二零一二年十二月起擔任業務 部副總經理（負責醫院的業務管理及整體策 略發展） 。王先生自二零零七年八月起及自 二零零八年十二月起亦分別擔任康華集團 及興業集團的董事兼總經理，負責康華集團 及興業集團的業務管理及整體策略發展。王 先生自二零零九年十二月起一直擔任東莞 市厚街商會第四屆理事會理事。於二零一二 年，王先生擔任東莞市青年企業家協會第五 屆理事會會長。二零一四年六月，王先生獲 世界莞商大會組織委員會評為「優秀青年莞 商」 。王先生為王氏家族成員，是王偉雄先 生的堂兄及陳旺枝先生和王愛勤女士的姪兒。 此外，王先生於二零一六年八月獲委任為東 莞農村商業銀行股份有限公司的非執行董事。

陳旺枝先生 ， 52 歲，為執行董事兼本公司行 政總裁。陳先生主要負責本集團整體醫院營 運及管理。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司 後，陳先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執 行董事。陳先生擁有逾 16 年的醫療行業經驗， 陳先生於二零零五年八月仁康醫院在中國 成立為有限公司之時加入，並自此一直擔任 主席，負責醫院營運及發展。陳先生於二零 零五年九月在康華醫院於中國成立為有限 公司之時加入康華醫院，並自此擔任主席兼 總經理，負責醫院營運及發展。彼主要負責 監督康華醫院及仁康醫院的建設及發展，累 積了醫院管理及發展的豐富經驗。在陳先生 的領導下，康華醫院及仁康醫院形成了反映 「康華」 品牌價值及特色的管理風格，並獲得 了多項知名認證及榮譽。陳先生於二零一四 年十二月取得中山大學的高級管理人員工 商管理碩士學位。陳先生為王氏家族成員， 是王君揚先生的姑丈及王愛勤女士的配偶。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

王偉雄先生 ， 34 歲，為執行董事兼董事會 副主席。彼主要負責本集團整體業務營運及 策略規劃。當本公司轉為股份有限責任公司 後，王先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為執 行董事。王先生擁有約 12 年的醫院管理經 驗。王先生於二零一零年七月加入康華醫院 並自此擔任多個職務，包括自二零一零年七 月至二零一二年四月擔任主席助理（負責實 施及執行主席決策） 、自二零一二年五月至 二零一三年六月擔任財務部經理（負責醫院 財務事宜的總體監督）以及自二零一三年七 月起擔任業務部的副總經理（負責醫院的行 政管理） 。王先生積極參與東莞的商業社群。 彼自二零一六年一月起擔任香港厚街同鄉 會副會長。王先生於二零一零年十二月自加 利福尼亞州立大學北嶺分校 (Northridge) 獲得 管理學學士學位。王先生為王氏家族成員， 是王君揚先生的堂弟及陳旺枝先生和王愛 勤女士的姪兒。

王愛勤女士 ， 52 歲，為執行董事。王女士主 要負責本集團的整體財務管理及資本投資。 王女士擁有約 25 年的集團管理尤其是集團 財務管理經驗。王女士於二零零五年八月 （仁 康醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時）加入 仁康醫院，並自此擔任監事兼財務部副總經 理，負責財務管理。王女士於二零零五年九 月 （康華醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時） 加入康華醫院，並自此擔任財務部副總經理， 負責財務管理。彼亦主要參與康華醫院及仁 康醫院的建設及發展。王女士自二零零二年 六月起亦擔任康華集團的董事兼副總經理 及自一九九七年六月起在興業集團擔任上 述職務，並在實施及執行有關財務管理、人 力資源管理、風險管理、審計管理及文化管 理的集團控制系統方面積累了豐富的經驗。 王女士為王氏家族成員，及為王君揚先生及 王偉雄先生的姑母以及陳旺枝先生的配偶。

Mr. WONG Wai Hung Simon , aged 34, is an executive Director and vice chairman of the Board. He is primarily responsible for the overall business operations and strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Wong was appointed as the executive Director in December 2015 after the Company was converted into a joint stock limited liability company. Mr. Wong has approximately 12 years of hospital management experience. Mr. Wong joined Kanghua Hospital in July 2010 and has since served various roles, including assistant to chairman responsible for implementing and executing chairman's decisions from July 2010 to April 2012, manager of the finance department responsible for the overall supervision of the financial affairs of the hospital from May 2012 to June 2013, and vice general manager of the business department responsible for hospital administration management since July 2013. Mr. Wong actively participates in the business communities in Dongguan. He has served as the vice chairman of the Hong Kong Houjie Clansmen Association ( 香港厚街同鄉會 )  since January 2016. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor's degree in management from the California State University, Northridge in December 2010. Mr. Wong is a member of the Wang Family and is the cousin of Mr. Wang Junyang and nephew of Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin.

Ms. WANG Aiqin ,  aged 52, is an executive Director. Ms. Wang is primarily responsible for the overall financial management and capital investment of the Group. Ms. Wang has approximately 25 years of group management experience, in particular group financial management. Ms. Wang joined Renkang Hospital in August 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as a supervisor and a vice general manager of the finance department responsible for financial management. Ms. Wang joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as a vice general manager of the finance department responsible for financial management. She was also substantially involved in the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital and Renkang Hospital. Ms. Wang has also served as a director and vice general manager of Kanghua Group since June 2002 and Xingye Group since June 1997, and has obtained significant experience in implementing and executing group control systems in financial management, human resources management, risk management, audit management and cultural management. Ms. Wang is a member of the Wang Family and is the aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang and Mr. Wong Wai Hung Simon, and spouse of Mr. Chen Wangzhi.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

## Non-executive Director

Mr. LV Yubo ,  aged 72, is a non-executive Director. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the corporate development and strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Lv joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as non-executive Director in June 2016. Mr. Lv has more than 46 years of extensive experience in hospital management. Since October 1974, Mr. Lv has played an instrumental role in the development of Guangdong Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( 廣東省中醫院 ),  which has now become one of the largest hospitals of traditional Chinese medicine in the PRC. Mr. Lv is currently a lifetime honorary director ( 終身名譽院長 ) of Guangdong Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine. Before such appointment, Mr. Lv had served numerous managerial roles at Guangdong Provincial Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, including vice director ( 副院長 )  and director ( 院長 ).  Mr. Lv has served in a number of healthcare associations in the PRC, including deputy chairman ( 副會長 )  of the China Hospital Association ( 中國醫院協會 ) since February 2006, chairman ( 會長 ) of the Guangdong Provincial Association of Chinese Medicine ( 廣東省中醫藥 學會 )  since August 2010 and chairman ( 主任委員 )  of  the Chinese Medicine Hospital Division of the China Hospital Association ( 中國醫院協會中醫醫院 分會 ) since August 2015. Mr. Lv is well regarded in the medical profession in the PRC and has received numerous awards, including Outstanding Contribution to Chinese Hospitals ( 中國醫院突出貢獻 )  from the China Hospital Association ( 中國醫院協會 ) in 2006, National Outstanding Director of the Chinese Medicine Hospital ( 全國中醫醫院優秀院長 )  from the China Association of Chinese Medicine ( 中華中醫藥學會 )  in  September 2007, Outstanding Management Personnel ( 優秀管理人才 )  from the China Association of Chinese Medicine ( 中華中醫藥學會 )  in 2014 and the First Class Sci-Tech Advancement Award of Guangdong Province ( 廣東省科技進步一等獎 )  from the People's Government of Guangdong Province ( 廣東省人民政府 )  in  2015. Mr. Lv graduated from Guangdong Provincial University of Continuing Technology Education ( 廣東 業餘科技大學 )  in  July 1981 majoring in English, and Guangdong Economics Management Cadre College ( 廣東省經濟管理幹部學院 )  in July 1988 majoring in organisation management ( 組織管理 ). Mr. Lv obtained an executive master's degree in business administration ( 高級管理人員工商管理 )  from Lingnan (University) College of Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山大學嶺南學院 )  in December 2005.

非執行董事

呂玉波先生 ， 72 歲，為非執行董事。彼主要 負責監督本集團的企業發展及策略規劃。 呂先生於二零一六年六月加入本集團，並於 二零一六年六月獲委任為非執行董事。呂 先生擁有逾 46 年的豐富醫院管理經驗。自 一九七四年十月起，呂先生在廣東省中醫院 的發展過程中扮演重要角色，該醫院現已成 為中國最大的中醫院之一。呂先生現任廣東 省中醫院的終身名譽院長。於該項委任之前， 呂先生曾在廣東省中醫院出任多個管理職務， 包括副院長及院長。呂先生在中國的多個醫 療協會任職，包括自二零零六年二月起擔任 中國醫院協會副會長，自二零一零年八月起 擔任廣東省中醫藥學會會長，並自二零一五 年八月起擔任中國醫院協會中醫醫院分會的 主任委員。呂先生在中國醫學界廣受認可及 已獲眾多獎項，包括於二零零六年中國醫院 協會頒發的中國醫院突出貢獻獎，二零零七 年九月中華中醫藥學會頒發的全國中醫醫 院優秀院長獎，二零一四年中華中醫藥學會 頒發的優秀管理人才獎及於二零一五年廣 東省人民政府頒發的廣東省科技進步一等獎。 呂先生於一九八一年七月畢業於廣東業餘 科技大學英語專業及於一九八八年七月畢 業於廣東省經濟管理幹部學院組織管理專業。 呂先生於二零零五年十二月獲得中山大學 嶺南學院的高級管理人員工商管理碩士學位。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

獨立非執行董事

楊銘澧先生 ， 74 歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼 主要負責監督董事會及向董事會提供獨立 判斷。楊先生於二零一六年六月加入本集 團，並於二零一六年六月獲委任為獨立非執 行董事。楊先生擁有約 38 年醫院營運經驗， 尤其精通財務管理、人事管理、人際關係以 及市場推廣。彼將其過半職業生涯奉獻於香 港的港安醫院。楊先生於一九六八年七月在 香港港安醫院任助理會計。彼於一九七七年 四月成為香港港安醫院的財務副總裁。彼於 一九七九年十月離開香港，在香港港安醫院 的資助下謀求醫院管理方面的進修培訓。 楊先生自一九八一年三月至一九八二年三 月亦曾於美國俄亥俄州 Kettering 的 Kettering Medical Center 擔任醫院管理方面的管理實 習生。彼於一九八二年四月返回香港並同時 成為香港港安醫院及荃灣港安醫院的高級 副總裁。不久後，楊先生於一九八三年七月 獲委任為荃灣港安醫院的總裁。在楊先生的 領導下，荃灣港安醫院發展為現代醫療機構， 提供先進的多學科醫療服務。彼於一九九二 年四月離開該醫院，隨後因私人理由移民加 拿大。楊先生返回香港並自二零零六年一月 至二零一五年十二月擔任兩家港安醫院的 總裁及行政總裁。楊先生於二零一五年十二 月辭去其於兩家港安醫院的職位。

楊先生於一九七九年六月在香港華南三育 書院獲得工商管理文憑，並於一九八二年 三月在美國加利福尼亞羅馬琳達大學 (Loma Linda University) 獲得醫院管理碩士學位。為 表彰其為香港港安醫院作出的傑出貢獻，菲 律賓亞德溫斯特大學 (the Adventist University of Philippines) 於二零零九年三月向楊先生授 予了人文學博士學位。

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. YEUNG Ming Lai ,  aged 74, is an independent non-executive Director. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board. Mr. Yeung joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as independent non-executive Director in June 2016. Mr. Yeung has approximately 38 years of hospital operation experience, particularly in financial management, personnel management, human relations and marketing. He dedicated much of his career to the Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong. Mr. Yeung started as an assistant accountant at Hong Kong Adventist Hospital ( 香港港安醫院 )  in  July 1968. He became the vice president for finance of Hong Kong Adventist Hospital in April 1977. He left Hong Kong in October 1979 to pursue advanced training in hospital administration under sponsorship from the Hong Kong Adventist Hospital. Mr. Yeung had also served as an administrative residency at hospital administration at the Kettering Medical Center in Kettering, Ohio, the United States from March 1981 to March 1982. He returned to Hong Kong and became senior vice president of both Hong Kong Adventist Hospital and Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital ( 荃灣港安醫院 )  in April 1982. Shortly after, Mr. Yeung was appointed as president of Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital in July 1983. Under the leadership of Mr. Yeung, Tsuen Wan Adventist Hospital developed into a modern healthcare institution providing advanced multi-disciplinary healthcare services. He left the hospital in April 1992 and later emigrated to Canada to pursue other interests. Mr. Yeung returned to Hong Kong and had served as president and chief executive officer of both Adventist Hospitals from January 2006 to December 2015. Mr. Yeung left his positions at both Adventist Hospitals in December 2015.

Mr. Yeung obtained a diploma in business administration from the South China Union College in Hong Kong in June 1979 and a master's degree in hospital administration from Loma Linda University in California, the United States in March 1982. In recognition of his remarkable contributions to the Adventist Hospitals in Hong Kong, the Adventist University of Philippines bestowed a doctorate degree in humanities upon Mr. Yeung in March 2009.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

Dr. CHEN Keji , aged 92, is an independent non-executive Director. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board. Dr. Chen joined the Group in June 2016 and was appointed as independent nonexecutive Director in June 2016. Dr. Chen is a renowned cardiologist in the PRC with over 66 years of experience in the medical industry. Dr. Chen has played a pivotal role in the development of the Xiyuan Hospital of China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences ( 中國中醫科學院西苑醫院 ),  where he currently serves as chief researcher ( 首席研究員 )  and the lifetime researcher ( 終身 研究員 )  of the China Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( 中國中醫研究 院 ). Dr. Chen has worked at the Chinese Medical Science Xiyuan Hospital ( 中國 科學院西苑醫院 )  since April 1956, and has served various roles, including resident doctor ( 住院醫師 ),  attending doctor ( 主治醫師 ),  associate chief doctor ( 副主任醫師 ),  associate researcher ( 副研究員 ),  department head ( 科室主任 ), chief doctor ( 主任醫師 ),  researcher ( 研究員 ),  tutor  for  doctor of philosophy students ( 博士生導師 ) and vice director ( 副院長 ). Dr. Chen has made significant contributions to the medical profession in the PRC. He was elected as the fellow of Chinese Academy of Sciences ( 中國科學院院士 ) in 1991. He received the First Lifu Academic Award ( 第一屆立夫中醫藥學術獎 )  for Chinese Medicine from the Lifu Medical Research Foundation ( 立夫醫藥研究文教基金會 )  in Taiwan in 1994. He was awarded the Wu Jieping Medicine Prize ( 吳階平醫學獎 )  by the Wujieping Medicine Prize Committee ( 吳階平醫學獎評審委員會 )  in 2009. He received a First Class National Science and Technology Progress Award ( 國家科 技進步獎一等獎 ) from the State Council ( 國務院 ) in 2004. He also received an honorary doctorate of science from Hong Kong Baptist University in 2004, and an honorary doctorate of medicine ( 榮譽博士 ) from the Macau University of Science and Technology in 2010. He received a Lifetime Achievement Award ( 終身成就獎 ) from the China Association of Chinese Medicine ( 中華中醫藥學會 )  in 2014 for his contribution to the academic development of TCM. He became the honorary president ( 名譽會長 )  of the Hong Kong Association for Integration of ChineseWestern Medicine ( 香港中西醫結合醫師會 )  in 2009, the honorary academic advisor ( 榮譽學術顧問 )  of  the Hong Kong Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine ( 香港中醫學會 )  in 2011, and the director of the academic committee ( 學術委員會主任 )  of the State Key Laboratories of Quality Research in Chinese Medicines ( 中藥質量研究國家重點實驗室 ) of the University of Macau ( 澳門大學 ) and the Macau University of Science and Technology ( 澳門科技大學 )  in  2011 and the honorary president ( 名譽會長 ) of the Chinese Association of Integrative Medicine ( 中國中西醫結合學會 )  in  2015. Dr. Chen graduated from Fujian Medical University ( 福建醫科大學 ) (formerly Fujian Medical College ( 福建醫學院 )) in July 1954, majoring in medicine ( 醫療系 ).

陳可冀醫生 ， 92 歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼 主要負責監察及向董事會提供獨立意見。 陳醫生於二零一六年六月加入本集團，並於 二零一六年六月獲委任為獨立非執行董事。 陳醫生是中國著名心血管病專家，擁有超 過 66 年的醫療行業經驗。陳醫生在中國中 醫科學院西苑醫院的發展過程中發揮著舉 足輕重的作用，彼現任其首席研究員及中國 中醫研究院終身研究員。自一九五六年四月 起，陳醫生任職中國科學院西苑醫院並擔任 多項職務，包括住院醫師、主治醫師、副主 任醫師、副研究員、科室主任、主任醫師、 研究員、博士生導師及副院長。陳醫生對中 國醫學界作出重大貢獻。彼於一九九一年當 選中國科學院院士。彼於一九九四年獲得台 灣立夫醫藥研究文教基金會頒發的第一屆 立夫中醫藥學術獎。彼於二零零九年獲得吳 階平醫學獎評審委員會頒發的吳階平醫學 獎。彼於二零零四年獲國務院頒發國家科技 進步獎一等獎。彼亦於二零零四年獲香港浸 會大學理學榮譽博士稱號，於二零一零年獲 澳門科技大學醫學榮譽博士稱號。彼於二零 一四年因其對中醫學術發展的貢獻而獲得中 華中醫藥學會頒發的終身成就獎。彼於二零 零九年成為香港中西醫結合醫師會名譽會 長，於二零一一年成為香港中醫學會榮譽學 術顧問，於二零一一年成為澳門大學及澳門 科技大學中藥質量研究國家重點實驗室學 術委員會主任，及於二零一五年成為中國中 西醫結合學會名譽會長。陳醫生於一九五四 年七月畢業於福建醫科大學（前稱福建醫學 院） ，主修醫療系。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

陳星能先生 ， 48 歲，為獨立非執行董事。彼 主要負責監察及向董事會提供獨立意見。陳 先生於二零一五年十二月獲委任為董事，並 於二零一六年六月正式獲確認為獨立非執行 董事。陳先生在審核、會計及財務管理方面 擁有約 24 年經驗。於一九九八年至二零零 二年，陳先生在 K.L. Wong &amp; Co. （一家會計師 事務所）擔任高級審核助理。於二零零三年 一月至二零一九年一月，陳先生擔任奔威有 限公司 （一家諮詢服務公司） 的財務經理。自 二零一九年三月起，陳先生擔任妙思集團控 股有限公司的財務總監。自二零零九年九月 起，陳先生一直擔任青藍會計師事務所有限 公司的核數部主管，主要負責審計規劃及監 督、內部控制評估、稅務顧問、公司秘書服 務及業務發展。陳先生自二零一三年十一月 起擔任鼎豐集團控股有限公司（一家曾於香 港聯交所 GEM 上市的公司 （股份代號： 8056 ） 而目前於主板上市（股份代號： 6878 ） ） 的獨 立非執行董事。於二零二一年十一月起，陳 先生擔任 Platt Nera International Limited （股份 代號： 1949 ） 公司秘書。於二零二一年一月， 陳先生辭任亮晴控股有限公司（股份代號： 8603 ）的獨立非執行董事。陳先生亦為 A2Z Hotel Equipment Limited （一家主要從事餐具 貿易的公司）的董事。陳先生是香港會計師 公會執業會計師及英國特許公認會計師公 會會員。陳先生於一九九八年自香港城市大 學畢業，獲專業會計高級文憑。

Mr. CHAN Sing Nun ,  aged 48, is an independent non-executive Director. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the Board. Mr. Chan was appointed as a Director in December 2015; his appointment as independent non-executive Director was officially confirmed in June 2016. Mr. Chan has approximately 24 years of experience in auditing, accounting and financial management. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Chan was a senior audit associate at K.L. Wong &amp; Co., an audit firm. From January 2003 to January 2019, Mr. Chan was the financial manager of Brandwell Limited, a consulting services company. Since March 2019, Mr. Chan has been the Financial controller of Muse Group Holdings Limited. Since September 2009, Mr. Chan has been the audit principal of Qing Lan C.P.A. Limited, mainly responsible for audit planning and supervision, internal control assessment, tax advisory, corporate secretarial services and business development. Mr. Chan has served as an independent non-executive director of Differ Group Holding Company Limited (a company formerly listed on the GEM board with stock code 8056 and currently listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code 6878) since November 2013. Mr. Chan has been the company secretary of Platt Nera International Limited (Stock code:1949) since November 2021. In January 2021 resigned as an independent non-executive director of Fameglow Holdings Limited (Stock code: 8603). Mr. Chan also is the director of A2Z Hotel Equipment Limited, a company that is principally engaged in tableware trading. Mr. Chan is  a  certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Chan graduated from the City University of Hong Kong in 1998, and obtained a higher diploma in professional accounting.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

## SUPERVISORS

Mr. CHEN Shaoming , aged 44, is the chairman of the Supervisory Committee. He is primarily responsible for supervising the daily operations and management of the Group. Mr. Chen joined the Group in September 2005 and was appointed as our Supervisor and the chairman of the supervisory committee in December 2015. Mr. Chen has more than 16 years of financial management experience in the healthcare industry. Mr. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served various roles, including manager of the finance department from September 2005 to April 2007, financial controller of the finance department from May 2007 to December 2013 and supervisor since March 2013. Mr. Chen participated in the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital from which he gained valuable hospital management experience. Mr. Chen has also served as a supervisor of Dongguan Houjie Huaye Village Bank ( 東莞厚街華業村鎮銀行 ) since March 2012 and a financial controller of the finance department of Kanghua Group since November 2012. Mr. Chen graduated from Guangdong Economic Management College ( 廣東省經濟管理幹部學院 )  and obtained a diploma in accounting in July 2003.

Mr. YUE Chunyang ,  aged 48, is a supervisor and is currently the general manager of Kanghua Hospital primarily responsible for managing its overall information technology system, administrative and ancillary functions. Mr. Yue Chunyang has approximately 19 years of hospital management experience. Mr. Yue joined the Group in February 2003 and participated in the establishment of Kanghua Hospital. Since the commencement of operations of Kanghua Hospital in November 2006, he has assumed various managerial roles at Kanghua Hospital primarily to develop and manage its information technology system, administrative and ancillary functions. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Yue had gained his industry experience from Qintai General Labour Union Computer School ( 琴台總工會計算機學校 )  in  Lushan County of Henan Province ( 河南 省魯山縣 )  as a teacher from August 1997 to October 1999, and Lushan County Communication Administration ( 魯山縣電信局 )  as a staff member from July 1999 to January 2003. Mr. Yue graduated from Zhengzhou University ( 鄭州大學 ) and obtained a bachelor's degree in computer science and technology in August 1997.

## 監事

陳少明先生 ， 44 歲，為監事會主席。彼主要 負責監察本集團的日常營運及管理。陳先生 於二零零五年九月加入本集團，並於二零 一五年十二月獲委任為我們的監事及監事 會主席。陳先生於醫療保健行業擁有逾 16 年 財務管理經驗。陳先生於二零零五年九月 （康 華醫院於中國成立為有限責任公司時）加入 康華醫院，自此擔任多項職務，包括自二零 零五年九月至二零零七年四月擔任財務部 經理、自二零零七年五月至二零一三年十二 月擔任財務部的財務總監，以及自二零一三 年三月起擔任監事。陳先生曾參與康華醫院 的建設及發展，從中獲得寶貴的醫院管理經 驗。陳先生自二零一二年三月起亦擔任東莞 厚街華業村鎮銀行的監事，並自二零一二年 十一月起擔任康華集團財務部的財務總監。 陳先生於二零零三年七月畢業於廣東省經 濟管理幹部學院，獲得會計文憑。

岳春陽先生 ， 48 歲，為監事及目前為康華 醫院總經理，主要負責管理其整體信息技術 系統、行政及配套職能。岳春陽先生擁有約 19 年醫院管理經驗。岳先生於二零零三年二 月加入本集團並參與成立康華醫院。自康華 醫院於二零零六年十一月開始營運起，岳先 生在康華醫院擔任各種管理職務，主要開發 及管理其信息技術系統、行政及配套職能。 加入本集團前，岳先生於一九九七年八月至 一九九九年十月在河南省魯山縣琴台總工會 計算機學校擔任老師一職，及於一九九九年 七月至二零零三年一月在魯山縣電信局任職。 岳先生於一九九七年八月畢業於鄭州大學， 取得計算機科學與技術學士學位。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

王少鋒先生 ， 39 歲，為監事。彼主要負責監 察本集團的日常營運及管理。王先生於二零 零六年十月加入本集團，並於二零一五年 十二月獲委任為我們的監事及監事會職工 代表。王先生在醫療保健行業擁有約 15 年的 人力資源經驗。王先生於二零零六年十月加 入仁康醫院。於二零零六年十月至二零零七 年二月，王先生擔任仁康醫院信息部的網絡 工程師。於二零零七年三月至二零零七年八 月，王先生被調往康華醫院接受採購部及人 力資源部的在職培訓。於二零零七年九月， 王先生正式受聘於康華醫院，並自此擔任人 力資源部門主管，負責招聘、工資單、績效、 培訓及僱員關係。於二零二一年十一月，王 先生調任康華醫院運營部門經理。王先生於 二零零六年六月畢業於東莞理工學院，並獲 得計算機科學與技術學士學位。二零一八年 八月，王先生獲得了由中華人民共和國人力 資源和社會保障部授予的企業人力資源管 理管理師 （二級） 之職業資格。

## 高級管理層

田可歌醫生 ， 68 歲，自二零一六年六月起為 本公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責監督本 集團醫院的臨床營運。田醫生於醫療行業擁 有逾 31 年經驗。田醫生於二零零八年一月加 入康華醫院，主管婦產科的發展，尤其是在 內窺鏡技術、微創手術、惡性腫瘤規範化治 療、高危妊娠及新生兒分娩管理及生殖醫學 等方面。田醫生目前為康華醫院副院長兼康 華醫院婦產醫學中心主任。加入本集團前， 於一九九一年五月至二零零八年一月，田醫 生在 301 醫院任主治醫師、副主任醫師及主 任醫師，專攻婦產科。田醫生已為中國婦產 科的發展作出重大貢獻。彼因 HELLP's 綜合症 併發多器官功能衰竭一例搶救成功及新生兒 窒息復蘇成功 37 例而於一九九三年獲 301 醫 院頒發兩項醫療護理傑出貢獻三等獎。彼亦 於二零一五年五月獲廣東省健康教育中心 委任為健康科普專家。於二零一五年，彼獲 廣東省女醫師協會評為 「南粵巾幗好醫師」 。 田醫生於一九八三年八月畢業於第二軍醫 大學及取得醫學學士學位，及於一九九八年 七月取得醫學碩士學位。彼於二零零五年九 月取得婦產科主任醫師資格。

Mr. WANG Shaofeng ,  aged 39, is a Supervisor. He is primarily responsible for supervising the daily operations and management of the Group. Mr. Wang joined the Group in October 2006 and was appointed as our Supervisor and employee representative of the Supervisory Committee in December 2015. Mr. Wang has approximately 15 years of human resources experience in the healthcare industry. Mr. Wang joined Renkang Hospital in October 2006. From October 2006 to February 2007, Mr. Wang worked at Renkang Hospital as a network engineer in the information department. From March 2007 to August 2007, Mr. Wang was seconded to Kanghua Hospital to receive on-the-job training in the procurement department and the human resources department. In September 2007, Mr. Wang became formally employed by Kanghua Hospital and has since served as head of the human resources department responsible for recruitment, payroll, performance, training and employee relations. In November 2021, Mr. Wang has been transferred to the operation department of Kanghua Hospital to serve as the operation manager. Mr. Wang graduated from Dongguan University of Technology ( 東莞理工學院 )  with a bachelor's degree in computer science and technology in June 2006. In August 2018, Mr. Wong acquired the occupational qualification of Enterprises Human Resource Management (Second Level), awarded by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. TIAN Kege , aged 68, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since June 2016. She is primarily responsible for overseeing the clinical operations of the Group's hospitals. Dr. Tian has more than 31 years of experience in the medical industry. Dr. Tian joined Kanghua Hospital in January 2008 and headed the development of its O&amp;G practice, in particular endoscopic techniques, minimally invasive procedures, standardised treatment of malignant tumours, management of high-risk pregnancies and newborn deliveries and reproductive medicine. Dr. Tian currently serves as a vice director of Kanghua Hospital and the head of the O&amp;G Medical Center of Kanghua Hospital. Before joining the Group, from May 1991 to January 2008, Dr. Tian had worked at the 301 Military Hospital (301 醫院 ) as an attending doctor ( 主治醫師 ), associate chief doctor ( 副主任醫師 ) and chief doctor ( 主任醫師 )  with a focus on O&amp;G practice. Dr. Tian has made significant contributions to the development of O&amp;G practice in the PRC. She was awarded two Third Class Prizes for outstanding contributions in medical care ( 醫療護理傑出貢獻三等獎 ) by the 301 Military Hospital in 1993 for successfully rescuing a patient from HELLP syndrome with multiple organ failure (HELLP's 綜合症併發多器官功能衰竭一例搶救成功 )  and resuscitating 37 newborns with asphyxia ( 新生兒窒息復蘇成功 37 例 ),  respectively.  She  was  also appointed as an expert in health science ( 健康科普專家 )  by the Guangdong Provincial Health Education Centre ( 廣東省健康教育中心 ) in May 2015. She was awarded as 'Heroic and Excellent Doctor in Southern Guangdong' ( 南粵巾幗 好醫師 )  by the Guangdong Provincial Female Doctors Association ( 廣東省女醫 師協會 )  in 2015. Dr. Tian graduated from the Second Military Medical University ( 第二軍醫大學 )  and obtained a bachelor's degree in medicine in August 1983, and a master's degree in medicine in July 1998. She obtained the chief doctor qualification in O&amp;G in September 2005.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

Dr. JIA Guoliang ,  aged 79, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since June 2016. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the clinical operations of the Group's hospitals. Dr. Jia is a renowned cardiologist in the PRC with more than 53 years of experience in the medical industry. He joined Kanghua Hospital in March 2008 and currently serves as a vice director of Kanghua Hospital and the head of the Cardiovascular Center. Before joining the Group, from August 1968 to December 1974, Dr. Jia had worked at the Xinjiang Military Region Sixth Division Hospital ( 新疆軍區六師醫院 ) as a military surgeon. From January 1975 to October 2005, Dr. Jia had worked at the First Affiliated Hospital of the Fourth Military Medical University ( 第四軍醫大學附屬一院 )  as an attending physician in cardiology ( 心內科主治醫生 ),  associate director ( 副主任 )  and director ( 主 任 ),  where he undertook clinical, teaching and operational responsibilities. From October 2005 to February 2008, Dr. Jia had worked at the Cardiovascular Hospital of Xi An No. 1 Hospital as a director ( 院長 ). Dr. Jia has made substantial contributions to cardiovascular healthcare, particularly in military medicine, in  the  PRC. He has served as a committee member of numerous medical associations and editorial board of medical journals. In addition to a Third Class Prize in Technology Improvement ( 三等科技進步獎 )  awarded by the National Commission for Scientific and Technological Research ( 國家科學技術委員會 ) in December 1996, Dr. Jia had received more than 18 awards from the General Logistics Department of the Chinese People's Liberation Army ( 中國人民解放軍 總後勤部 ) for the contribution of his research projects in military medicine ( 軍隊 醫學 ).  Dr. Jia received a Life-time Award in Interventional Cardiology in the PRC ( 中國介入心臟病學終生成就獎 )  and a Distinctive Contribution Award ( 特別 貢獻獎 )  from the Chinese Medical Association ( 中華醫學會 ),  respectively, in March 2005. Dr. Jia continues to actively pursue his endeavours in cardiovascular healthcare. His recent appointments include consultant for the interventional cardiovascular diseases branch of the Chinese Medical Association ( 中華醫學 會心血管病學分會 )  in 2013, committee member for the cardiologist branch of the Chinese Medical Doctor Association ( 中國醫師協會心血管內科醫師分會 ) in 2014 and consultant for the editorial board of Chinese Journal of Geriatric Heart Brain and Vessel Diseases ( 中華老年心腦血管病雜誌 )  in 2016. Dr. Jia possesses the chief doctor qualification.

賈國良醫生 ， 79 歲，自二零一六年六月起為 本公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責監督本 集團醫院的臨床營運。賈醫生為中國著名心 血管病專家，於醫療行業擁有逾 53 年經驗。 彼於二零零八年三月加入康華醫院，現任康 華醫院副院長兼心血管病醫學中心主任。加 入本集團前，於一九六八年八月至一九七四 年十二月，賈醫生在新疆軍區六師醫院任軍 醫。於一九七五年一月至二零零五年十月， 賈醫生在第四軍醫大學附屬一院歷任心內科 主治醫生、副主任及主任，負責臨床、教學 及營運。於二零零五年十月至二零零八年二 月，賈醫生在西安市第一醫院的西安市心血 管病醫院任院長。賈醫生為中國的心血管保 健尤其在軍隊醫學方面作出巨大貢獻。彼擔 任多家醫學協會會員及醫學期刊編輯部成員。 除於一九九六年十二月獲國家科學技術委 員會授予三等科技進步獎外，賈醫生就其在 軍隊醫學研究項目上所作貢獻獲中國人民 解放軍總後勤部授予超過 18 項獎項。賈醫生 於二零零五年三月分別獲得中國介入心臟 病學終生成就獎及中華醫學會所授予的特 別貢獻獎。賈醫生持續積極推進其在心血管 保健方面的工作。其近期聘用情況包括於二 零一三年擔任中華醫學會心血管病學分會 的顧問、於二零一四年擔任中國醫師協會心 血管內科醫師分會的會員及於二零一六年 擔任中華老年心腦血管病雜誌編輯部顧問。 賈醫生具備主任醫師資格。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

李志偉醫生 ， 55 歲，自二零一六年六月起為 本公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責監督本 集團醫院的臨床營運。李醫生在中國為業界 領先的外科醫生，於醫療行業擁有逾 31 年經 驗。彼於二零零六年二月加入康華醫院，現 任康華醫院副院長兼肝膽胰外科主任。李醫 生亦參與管理康華醫院的發展及營運，並因 此獲得寶貴的醫院管理經驗。加入本集團前， 自一九九零年八月至二零零五年十二月，李 醫生一直於 301 醫院專注肝膽手術臨床實踐， 擔任多個職務，包括住院醫師、總住院醫師、 主治醫師、查房總主治醫師及副主任醫師。 李醫生一直投身於中國普通外科及醫學會 的發展。彼由於在教學及教學管理方面的傑 出表現分別於一九九七年及二零零一年獲 中國人民解放軍軍醫進修學院兩次評為先 進工作個人。李醫生於一九九零年七月畢業 於第一軍醫大學，取得醫學學士學位。彼分 別於一九九五年七月及二零零三年七月自 301 醫院軍醫進修學院取得普外科碩士學位 及臨床醫學博士學位。李醫生於二零零九年 一月取得肝膽外科主任醫師資格。

林岩女士 ， 60 歲，自二零一六年六月起為本 公司的臨床副總經理。彼主要負責本集團醫 院護理工作的整體管理。林女士為一名經驗 豐富的護士，於醫療行業擁有逾 38 年經驗。 林女士於二零一零年九月加入康華醫院，並 自此擔任護理部主任。加入本集團前，林女 士於一九八三年七月至二零一零年十月期 間在中山大學附屬第二醫院擔任多個職務， 包括護士、手術室護士長、護理部主任及門 診辦公室副主任。林女士在中國護理行業作 出突出貢獻，在全國、特別在廣東省手術室 護理專業領域具有很大影響力。彼參與出版 護理方面的眾多專業操作指引，包括中山大 學出版社出版的《實用手術護理學》主編， 榮獲中國大學出版協會評比華南地區大學 優秀教材一等獎，廣東省出版集團出版的 《專 業護士核心能力建設指南》參編及廣東省出 版集團出版的 《臨床護理文書規範》 的參編。 林女士於一九八九年六月自中山醫科大學 夜大學取得高級護理文憑。林女士於二零一 零年一月畢業於湖南中醫藥大學。彼於二零 零七年十二月獲得主任護理師資格。

Dr. LI Zhiwei , aged 55, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since June 2016. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the clinical operations of the Group's hospitals. Dr. Li is an industry leading general surgeon in the PRC with more than 31 years of experience in the medical industry. He joined Kanghua Hospital in February 2006 and currently serves as a vice director of Kanghua Hospital and the head of the Department of Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic Surgery. Dr. Li also participated in managing the development and operation of Kanghua Hospital from which he gained valuable hospital management experience. Before joining the Group, from August 1990 to December 2005, Dr. Li had focused his practice on hepatobiliary surgery at the 301 Military Hospital (301 醫院 ), where he had served various roles, including resident doctor ( 住院醫師 ), chief resident doctor ( 總住院醫師 ),  attending doctor ( 主治醫師 ),  ward inspection chief attending doctor ( 查房總主治醫師 )  and associate chief doctor ( 副主任醫師 ). Dr. Li is substantially involved in the development of general surgery and medical associations in the PRC. He was complimented to be an advanced teaching individual ( 先進工作個人 )  twice by the PLA Postgraduate Medical School ( 軍醫 進修學院 )  in  1997 and 2001, respectively, for his outstanding performance in teaching and teaching management. Dr. Li graduated from First Military Medical University ( 第一軍醫大學 )  with a medical bachelor's degree in July 1990. He obtained a master's degree in general surgery and doctoral degree in clinical medicine from the postgraduate medical school ( 軍醫進修學院 )  of 301 Military Hospital (301 醫院 )  in  July 1995 and July 2003, respectively. Dr. Li obtained the chief doctor qualification in hepatobiliary surgery in January 2009.

Ms. LIN Yan ,  aged 60, is a clinical vice general manager of the Company since June 2016. She is primarily responsible for the overall management of the nursing work of the Group's hospitals. Ms. Lin is a highly experienced nurse with more than 38 years of experience in the medical industry. Ms. Lin joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2010 and has since served as the head of the Nursing Department. Before joining the Group, from July 1983 to October 2010, Ms. Lin had served various roles at Second Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University ( 中山 大學附屬第二醫院 ),  including nurse, head nurse of operating theatre, head of nursing department and deputy head of outpatient office. Ms. Lin has made distinguished contributions in the nursing profession in the PRC, with far-reaching influence in the field of operating room nursing within the PRC, in particular Guangdong Province. She participated in the publication of many professional practice guides in nursing, including main editor ( 主編 )  for  Practical Surgical Nursing ( 實用手術護理學 )  published by the Sun Yat-sen University Press ( 中 山大學出版社 ),  which received a First Class Prize in Outstanding Teaching Materials ( 優秀教材一等獎 )  in  Southern China universities from the China University Presses Association ( 中國大學出版協會 ),  participating editor ( 參編 ) for Guide on Improving the Core Competence of Professional Nurse ( 專業護士 核心能力建設指南 )  published by the Guangdong Provincial Publishing Group ( 廣東省出版集團 ),  and participating editor ( 參編 )  for Clinical Care Document Specifications ( 臨床護理文書規範 )  published by the Guangdong Provincial Publishing Group. Ms. Lin obtained a diploma in advanced nursing from the Evening School of Sun Yat-sen University Zhongshan School of Medicine ( 中山 醫科大學夜大學 ) in June 1989. Ms. Lin graduated from the Hunan University of Chinese Medicine ( 湖南中醫藥大學 )  in  January 2010. She obtained the chief nurse qualification ( 主任護理師 ) in December 2007.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

Mr. WANG Baizhi ,  aged 47, is an operation vice general manager of the Company since June 2016. He is responsible for the overall administrative and ancillary operations of the Group's hospitals as well as overseeing the Group's hospital management business. Mr. Wang has approximately 17 years of hospital management experience. Mr. Wang joined Renkang Hospital in August 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and has since served as the vice general manager of Renkang Hospital, and as the general manager of Renkang Hospital since November 2015, primarily responsible for the hospital's administrative and ancillary operations. Mr. Wang also participated in the construction and development of Renkang Hospital. Before joining the Group, from March 1998 to July 2003, Mr. Wang had worked at China Construction Bank responsible for auditing and loan management. Mr. Wang obtained a diploma in mechanical manufacturing engineering and design from the Dongguan University of Technology ( 東莞理工學院 ) in June 1998.

Ms. WANG Yingda ,  aged 48, is the secretary to the Board since June 2016. She is primarily responsible for overseeing public affairs, administrative and daily operations of the Group. Ms. Wang has 18 years of management experience in  the  medical  industry,  particularly  in  financial  management,  hospital administration, support and assurances, service excellence, brand promotion and corporate culture. Ms. Wang joined Kanghua Hospital in June 2006, served as a senior manager of the finance department and currently serves as an assistant to chairman responsible for operation control, external and internal liaisons, implementation of action plans, monitoring key performance indicators, assessing patient satisfaction levels and organising hospital branding events. Ms. Wang had worked as a manager of the finance department of Kanghua Group primarily responsible for financial and audit matters from February 2004 to May 2006, during which she had been involved in the construction and development of Kanghua Hospital from which she gained valuable hospital management experience. Ms. Wang currently serves as a standing committee member ( 常務 委員 )  of the Guangdong Provincial Health Economics Association ( 廣東省衛生 經濟學會委員會 ) and the deputy chairman ( 副會長 ) of the Dongguan Hospital Association ( 東莞市醫院協會 ).  Ms. Wang graduated from Xi'an Technological University ( 西安工業大學 ) and obtained a diploma in financial accounting in July 1995. Ms. Wang obtained the qualification of accountant in the PRC in May 2002. Ms. Wang obtained a master's degree in business administration from Northwest University ( 西北大學 ) in the PRC in December 2013.

王柏枝先生 ， 47 歲，自二零一六年六月起為 本公司的營運副總經理。彼負責本集團醫 院的整體行政及配套營運事宜並監督本集 團的醫院管理業務。王先生擁有約 17 年醫院 管理經驗。王先生於二零零五年八月（仁康 醫院在中國成立為有限公司時）加入仁康醫 院，彼自此擔任仁康醫院副總經理，於二零 一五年十一月任仁康醫院總經理，主要負責 醫院的行政及配套營運事宜。王先生亦參與 仁康醫院的建設及發展。加入本集團前，於 一九九八年三月至二零零三年七月，王先生 任職中國建設銀行，負責審核及貸款管理事 宜。王先生於一九九八年六月取得東莞理工 學院機械製造工程及設計專業文憑。

王櫻達女士 ， 48 歲，自二零一六年六月起 為董事會秘書。彼主要負責監督本集團的公 共事務、行政管理及日常營運。王女士於醫 療行業擁有 18 年管理經驗，尤其是在財務管 理、醫院管理、支援及保障、優質服務、品 牌提升及企業文化方面。王女士於二零零六 年六月加入康華醫院擔任財務部高級經理， 現時任職主席助理，負責營運控制、內外部 聯絡、實施行動計劃、監測關鍵績效指標、 評估患者滿意度及組織醫院品牌推廣活動。 王女士自二零零四年二月至二零零六年五 月曾擔任康華集團的財務部經理，主要負責 財務及審計事宜，其間亦曾參與康華醫院的 建設及發展，從中獲得寶貴的醫院管理經驗。 王女士目前為廣東省衛生經濟學會委員會 常務委員及東莞市醫院協會副會長。王女士 於一九九五年七月畢業於西安工業大學，獲 得財務會計文憑。於二零零二年五月，王女 士取得中國會計師資格。王女士於二零一三 年十二月自中國西北大學取得工商管理碩 士學位。

<!-- image -->

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

黃偉恒先生 ， 44 歲，為本公司的首席財務官 及聯席公司秘書。黃先生在會計及財務方面 累積逾 20 年經驗。彼主要負責本集團的整 體財務管理、資本投資、投資者關係及企業 融資。黃先生於二零一五年十二月加入本公 司任首席財務官。加入本集團前，於二零零 二年十二月至二零一五年十一月，黃先生任 職於德勤 · 關黃陳方會計師行，在此負責領 導、管理及監督上市及跨國公司的審計工作。 黃先生亦於其先前職務中積累交易經驗，包 括收購、債券發行及首次公開發售。黃先生 於加入本集團前曾任德勤 · 關黃陳方會計師 行的高級經理。黃先生是香港會計師公會執 業會計師及澳洲執業會計師。黃先生於二零 零零年四月以優異成績自新南威爾士大學 取得商學學士學位（主修會計及財務） ，並 於二零零三年五月自新南威爾士大學取得 商學碩士學位 （主修高級信息系統與管理） 。

陳莉女士 ， 51 歲，自二零一六年六月起為本 公司的財務總監。彼主要負責本集團醫院的 整體財務管理。陳女士於財務管理方面擁有 逾 29 年經驗。陳女士於二零零五年九月（康 華醫院在中國成立為有限公司時）加入康華 醫院，目前在財務部任財務總監。在康華醫 院的建設及發展階段，陳女士亦參與管理康 華醫院的財務營運事宜，從中累積了寶貴 的醫院財務管理經驗。加入本集團前，彼於 一九九二年九月至二零零四年三月期間在 廣東福地彩色顯像管公司屬下東莞市廣彩 城酒店擔任多個職務，包括會計、會計主管、 成本主管及項目經理。自二零一六年一月起， 彼亦擔任東莞市社會保險協會副會長。陳女 士於一九九二年六月自長沙職工大學取得 財務會計文憑。彼於一九九八年十二月於東 莞黨校畢業。

Mr. WONG Wai Hang Ricky ,  aged 44, is a chief financial officer and a joint company secretary of the Company. Mr. Wong has more than 20 years of experience in accounting and finance. He is primarily responsible for the overall financial management, capital investment, investor relations and corporate finance of the Group. Mr. Wong joined the Company as chief financial officer in December 2015. Before joining the Group, from December 2002 to November 2015, Mr. Wong had worked at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, where he was responsible for leading, managing and supervising audits for listed and multinational companies. Mr. Wong has also cultivated transactional experience in his previous roles, including acquisitions, debt offerings and initial public offerings. Mr. Wong was a senior manager at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu before he joined the Group. Mr. Wong is a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and CPA Australia. Mr. Wong obtained a bachelor's degree of commerce majoring in accounting and finance with merit from the University of New South Wales in April 2000, and a master's degree of commerce majoring in advanced information systems and management from the University of New South Wales in May 2003.

Ms. CHEN Li ,  aged 51, is a financial controller of the Company since June 2016. She is primarily responsible for the overall financial management of the Group's hospitals. Ms. Chen has more than 29 years of experience in financial management. Ms. Chen joined Kanghua Hospital in September 2005 when it was established as a limited liability company in the PRC and is currently serving as financial controller in the finance department. Ms. Chen also participated in managing the financial operations of Kanghua Hospital during its construction and development phase from which she gained valuable hospital financial management experience. Before joining the Group, from September 1992 to March 2004, she had served various roles at Dongguan City Guangcai Hotel ( 東莞市廣彩城酒店 ),  a  subsidiary of Guangdong Fortune Colour Picture Tube Co., Ltd. ( 廣東福地彩色顯像管公司 ),  including accountant, accounting supervisor, cost supervisor and project manager. She has also served as the vice chairman ( 副會長 )  of the Dongguan Social Insurance Association ( 東莞市 社會保險協會 )  since January 2016. Ms. Chen obtained a diploma in financial accounting from Changsha University of Workers ( 長沙職工大學 )  in June 1992. She graduated from Dongguan Party School ( 東莞黨校 ) in December 1998.

## Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

董事、監事及高級管理層

## JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. WONG Wai Hang Ricky , one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, is also a senior management member of the Company. Please refer to 'Senior Management' in this section for his biography.

Ms. CHAU Hing Ling was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company since 27 June 2016. She joined Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited since June 2013 and currently serves as an executive director of Corporate Services of Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited, where she leads a team of professional staff to provide a full range of company secretary services. Ms. Chau has over 20 years of experience in the corporate services industry.

Ms. Chau is currently the company secretary of several companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Ms. Chau received a master of laws majoring in corporate and finance law from the University of Hong Kong in November 2007. She has been a fellow member of The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) in United Kingdom and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) since May 2013.

## 聯席公司秘書

黃偉恒先生 為本公司的聯席公司秘書之一， 亦為本公司的高級管理層成員。其履歷請參 閱本節 「高級管理層」 。

周慶齡女士 自二零一六年六月二十七日獲委 任為本公司的聯席公司秘書。彼自二零一三 年六月起加入 Vistra Corporate Services (HK) Limited ，現於該公司出任企業服務執行董事 並領導一支由專業人員組成的團隊，提供全 方位的公司秘書服務。周女士在企業服務行 業擁有逾 20 年經驗。

周女士現時為數家於香港聯交所上市的公 司之公司秘書。周女士於二零零七年十一月 取得香港大學法學碩士學位，主修公司及金 融法，並自二零一三年五月起一直為英國特 許公司治理公會（前稱英國特許秘書及行政 人員公會）及香港公司治理公會（前稱香港 特許秘書公會） 資深會員。

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To the shareholders of

Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd.

(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd. (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') set out on pages 175 to 288, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## 致廣東康華醫療股份有限公司股東

（於中華人民共和國註冊成立的股份有限公 司）

## 意見

本行已審計第 175 頁至第 288 頁所載廣東康 華醫療股份有限公司（ 「貴公司」 ）及其附屬 公司 （統稱 「貴集團」 ） 的綜合財務報表，此綜 合財務報表包括於二零二二年十二月三十一 日的綜合財務狀況表及截至該日止年度的 綜合損益及其他全面收益表、綜合權益變動 表及綜合現金流量表，以及包括主要會計政 策概要在內的綜合財務報表附註。

本行認為，綜合財務報表已根據國際會計準 則委員會（ 「國際會計準則委員會」 ）頒佈的 《國際財務報告準則》 （ 「國際財務報告準則」 ） 真實而公平地反映 貴集團於二零二二年 十二月三十一日的綜合財務狀況及截至該 日止年度 貴集團的綜合財務表現及其綜合 現金流量，並已按照香港公司條例的披露規 定妥為編製。

## 意見的基礎

本行已根據香港會計師公會（ 「香港會計師 公會」 ） 頒佈的 《香港審計準則》 （ 「香港審計 準則」 ） 進行審計。本行在該等準則下的責任 已於本報告「核數師就審計綜合財務報表的 責任」一節中詳述。根據香港會計師公會的 「專業會計師道德守則」 （ 「守則」 ） ，本行獨立 於 貴集團，並已遵循守則履行其他道德責 任。本行相信，本行所獲得的審計憑證足夠 及能適當地為本行的意見提供基礎。

## Independent Auditor's Report

獨立核數師報告

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key audit matter 關鍵審計事項

## 關鍵審計事項

關鍵審計事項為本行的專業判斷，認為對本 期間綜合財務報表中最重要的事項。該等事 項於本行審計整體綜合財務報表及出具意 見時處理，而本行不會就此等事項單獨發表 意見。

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項

Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital 康心醫院的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產的減值評估

As at 31 December 2022, Kangxin Hospital had property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets with aggregate carrying amount of RMB619,387,000, representing approximately 23% of total assets.

The Group's management performed an annual impairment assessment by assessing the recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital based on value in use calculations, with the assistance from an independent external valuer.

Significant judgement was involved in the assessment of the recoverable amount, including the assumptions on budgeted revenue, discount rates and growth rates. The outcome is sensitive to the expected future market conditions and the actual performance of the property, plant and equipment and right-ofuse assets of Kangxin Hospital.

The accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates and disclosures for impairment assessments are included in notes 2.4, 3, 14 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，康心醫院的物業、廠房及 設備以及使用權資產的總賬面值為人民幣 619,387,000 元， 佔資產總值約 23% 。

貴集團管理層在獨立外部估值師的協助下透過在計算使用 價值的基礎上評估康心醫院的物業、廠房及設備以及使用 權資產的可收回金額，來進行年度減值評估。

在評估可收回金額的過程中涉及重大判斷，包括預算收入、 貼現率及增長率的假設。結果易受預期未來市場狀況及康 心醫院的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產的實際表現影響。

會計政策、重大會計判斷及估計以及減值評估的披露計入 綜合財務報表附註 2.4 、 3 、 14 及 15 。

We evaluated the methodologies, assumptions and estimates used in the value in use calculations by:

- (i) comparing the budgeted revenue and expected growth rates with historical results of Kangxin Hospital;
- (ii) comparing the discount rates with relevant industry's weighted average cost of capital;
- (iii) comparing the long term growth rates to current market condition; and
- (iv) assessing the sensitivity of management estimates and assumptions used in evaluating whether a reasonably possible change in assumptions could cause the carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable amounts.

In addition, we assessed the independence, objectivity and competence of the external valuer engaged by management and evaluated the adequacy of related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.

本行評價使用價值計算時所用的方法、假設及估計，方式為：

- (i) 比較預算收益及預期增長率與康心醫院的過往業績；
- (ii) 比較貼現率與相關行業的加權平均資本成本；
- (iii) 比較長期增長率與現行市況；及
- (iv) 評估管理層在評價假設中的合理可能變動是否會導致 賬面值超出其可收回金額時所用的估計及假設的敏感性。

此外，本行已評估管理層委聘的外部估值師的獨立性、客觀 性及能力，並評估綜合財務報表中相關披露的充分性。

<!-- image -->

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter 關鍵審計事項

Contingent liabilities arising from medical disputes 醫療糾紛引起的或然負債

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had contingent liabilities arising from medical disputes of RMB13,983,000 and a provision for medical dispute claims of RMB1,234,000.

There are inherent risks associated with the Group's clinical activities which may result in unfavourable medical outcomes not caused by clinical decisions. The Group may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical dispute claims brought by the former patients.

Provision for medical dispute claims is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding at the end of the year, and taking into consideration the assessment and analysis of external experts and the total claim exposure. However, where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

Significant judgements and estimates were involved in the assessment of probability of an outflow of economic benefits to the medical disputes and its financial impact to the consolidated financial statements.

The accounting policies, significant accounting judgements and estimates and disclosures for the provision and contingent liabilities arising from medical disputes are included in notes 2.4, 3, 22 and 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 貴集團因醫療糾紛引起 的或然負債為人民幣 13,983,000 元，醫療糾紛索賠撥備為 人民幣 1,234,000 元。

貴集團的臨床活動存在固有風險，可能導致並非臨床決策 引起的不利醫療結果。 貴集團可能會在日常業務過程中 產生的法律訴訟和索賠，主要包括前病人提出的醫療糾紛 索賠。

醫療糾紛索賠撥備是根據該年年底潛在和未了結索賠作出， 並考慮到外部專家的評估和分析以及索賠總額。但是，如 果可能不需要經濟利益流出，或者無法可靠地估計該金額， 則將之披露為或然負債，除非經濟利益流出的可能性極低。

於評估經濟利益流出至醫療糾紛的可能性及其對綜合財務 報表的財務影響過程中涉及重大判斷及估計。

會計政策、重大會計判斷及估計以及醫療糾紛引起的撥 備及或然負債的披露計入綜合財務報表附註 2.4 、 3 、 22 及 30 。

關鍵審計事項 （續）

How our audit addressed the key audit matter 本行於審計時如何處理關鍵審計事項

We evaluated management's assessment in respect of medical disputes. Our procedures included, inter alia,

- (i) obtaining an understanding of management's process in developing the estimation on the outflow of economic benefits;
- (ii) obtaining the list of medical disputes from management and arranging litigation search to check for the status of the medical disputes and the completeness of the list of medical disputes;
- (iii) obtaining and reading legal proceeding letters, judicial appraisal reports, expert opinion letters, judgement letters and medical records, if any, relevant to the medical disputes;
- (iv) discussing with management and the Group's legal counsel on the estimated outcome of the pending medical disputes, with reference to legal precedents of any similar cases; and
- (v) evaluating the adequacy of the provision and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.

本行已評估管理層對醫療糾紛的評估。本行的程序包括 （其 中包括） ：

- (i) 獲得並了解管理層對經濟利益流出的估計；
- (ii) 從管理層獲取醫療糾紛清單，並安排訴訟搜索以檢查 醫療糾紛的狀況及醫療糾紛名單的完整性；
- (iii) 獲得和閱讀與醫療糾紛相關的法律程序函件、司法評 估報告、專家意見函件、判決書和醫療記錄 （倘有） ；
- (iv) 參照類似案件的先例，與管理層及 貴集團法律顧問 討論尚未了結的醫療糾紛的估計結果；及
- (v) 評估或然負債的撥備及披露的充分性。

## Independent Auditor's Report

獨立核數師報告

## OTHER MATTER

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 were audited by another independent auditor whose report dated 28 April 2022 expressed an unmodified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## 其他事項

貴集團截至二零二一年十二月三十一日止年 度的綜合財務報表已由另一獨立核數師審計， 該核數師日期為二零二二年四月二十八日 的報告對該等綜合財務報表發表無保留意見。

## 載入年報的其他信息

貴公司董事需要負責其他信息。其他信息包 括年報所載資料，不包括綜合財務報表及本 行之核數師報告。

本行對綜合財務報表的意見並不涵蓋其他 信息，本行亦不對其他信息發表任何形式的 鑒證結論。

當審計綜合財務報表時，本行的責任為閱讀 其他信息，於此過程中，考慮其他信息是否 與綜合財務報表或本行於審計過程中所了 解的情況有重大抵觸，或者似乎有重大錯誤 陳述。基於本行已執行的工作，倘本行認為 其他信息有重大錯誤陳述，本行須報告該事 實。於此方面，本行沒有任何報告。

## 董事及審核委員會對綜合財務報表 需承擔的責任

貴公司董事須負責根據由國際會計準則委 員會頒佈的國際財務報告準則及香港公司 條例的披露規定編製並真實兼公允地呈列 的綜合財務報表，並為其認為必須為使綜合 財務報表不存在由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的 重大錯誤陳述的內部控制負責。

編製綜合財務報表時，董事負責評估 貴集 團持續經營的能力，並在適用情況下披露與 持續經營有關的事項，以及使用持續經營為 會計基礎，除非董事有意將 貴集團清盤或 停止經營，或別無其他實際的替代方案。

審核委員會負責監督 貴集團財務報告程序。

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任

本行的目標為合理鑒證整體綜合財務報表 是否不存在由於欺詐或錯誤而導致的任何 重大錯誤陳述，並發出載有本行意見的核數 師報告。本行僅向 閣下 （作為整體） 作出報 告，除此之外本報告別無其他目的。本行不 會就本報告內容向任何其他人士負上或承 擔任何責任。

合理鑒證屬高層次鑒證，但不能擔保根據香 港審計準則進行的審計工作總能發現所有 存在的重大錯誤陳述。錯誤陳述可源於欺詐 或錯誤，倘個別或整體於合理預期情況下可 影響使用者根據綜合財務報表作出的經濟 決定時，則被視為重大錯誤陳述。

根據香港審計準則進行審計時，本行運用專 業判斷，於整個審計過程中抱持專業懷疑態 度。本行亦：

- 識別及評估綜合財務報表由於欺詐或 錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述風險，因 應此等風險設計及執行審計程序，獲 得充足及適當審計憑證為本行的意見 提供基礎。由於欺詐涉及合謀串通、 偽造、故意遺漏、誤導性陳述或凌駕 內部控制，因此未能發現由此造成的 重大錯誤陳述風險較未能發現由於錯 誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述風險更高。
- 了解與審計有關的內部控制，以設計 恰當的審計程序，但並非旨在對 貴 集團內部控制的有效程度發表意見。
- 評估所用會計政策是否恰當，以及董 事所作會計估算及相關披露的合理性。

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial  statements,  including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任 （續）

- 總結董事採用以持續經營為基礎的會 計法是否恰當，並根據已獲取的審計 憑證，總結是否有對 貴集團持續經 營的能力構成重大疑問的事件或情況 等重大不確定因素。倘本行總結認為 存在重大不確定因素，本行需於核數 師報告中提請注意綜合財務報表內的 相關資料披露，或如果相關披露不足， 則修訂本行的意見。本行的結論以截 至核數師報告日期所獲得的審計憑 證為基礎，惟未來事件或情況可能導 致 貴集團不再具有持續經營的能力。
- 評估綜合財務報表（包括資料披露）的 整體列報、架構及內容，以及綜合財 務報表是否已公允反映及列報相關交 易及事項。
- 就 貴集團內各實體或業務活動的財 務資料獲得充足的審計憑證，以就綜 合財務報表發表意見。本行須負責指 導、監督及執行集團的審計工作。本 行須為審計意見承擔全部責任。

本行與審核委員會就審計工作的計劃範圍 及時間安排及重大審計發現，包括本行於審 計期間識別出內部控制的任何重大缺陷溝通。

本行亦向審核委員會提交聲明，說明本行已 遵守有關獨立性的道德要求，並就所有被合 理認為可能影響本行的獨立性的關係及其 他事宜，以及在適用的情況下為消除對獨立 性的威脅所採取的行動或防範措施。

<!-- image -->

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chan Kwan Ho, Edmond.

Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong 31 March 2023 Chan Kwan Ho, Edmond

Practising certificate number P02092

## Independent Auditor's Report

獨立核數師報告

## 核數師就審計綜合財務報表的責任 （續）

本行從與審核委員會溝通的事項中，決定哪 些事項對本期綜合財務報表的審計工作最 為重要，因而構成關鍵審計事項。除非法律 或法規不容許公開披露此等事項，或於極罕 有的情況下，本行認為披露此等事項可合理 預期的不良後果將超越公眾知悉此等事項 的利益而不應於報告中披露，否則本行會於 核數師報告中描述此等事項。

出具本獨立核數師報告的審計項目董事是 陳鈞浩。

天職香港會計師事務所有限公司 執業會計師 香港 二零二三年三月三十一日

陳鈞浩

執業證書編號 P02092

## Consolidated Statement of ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

綜合損益及其他全面收益表

Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue  收益  5  1,845,633  1,953,944  Cost of revenue  收益成本  (1,584,283)  (1,601,196)  Gross profit  毛利  261,350  352,748  Other income  其他收入  5  54,858  45,149  Other expenses, gains and losses, net  其他開支、收益及虧損淨額  6  677  (5,210)  Net provision for impairment losses under the  expected credit loss model  預期信貸虧損模式項下之  減值虧損撥備淨額  (4,210)  (2,931)  Impairment loss on goodwill  商譽減值虧損  -  (15,512)  Administrative expenses  行政開支  (228,323)  (225,223)  Finance costs  融資成本  7  (15,043)  (19,812)  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  8  69,309  129,209  Income tax expense  所得稅開支  11  (41,573)  (62,284)  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  本年度溢利及全面收入總額  27,736  66,925  Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/(loss)  for the year attributable to:  下列各項應佔本年度溢利╱  （虧損） 及全面收入╱  （虧損） 總額：  Owners of the Company  本公司擁有人  61,032  94,307  Non-controlling interests  非控股權益  (33,296)  (27,382)  27,736  66,925  Earnings per share  Basic (RMB cents)  每股盈利  基本 （人民幣分）  13  18.3  28.2  Diluted (RMB cents)  攤薄 （人民幣分）  13  18.3  28.2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

綜合財務狀況表

31 December 2022 二零二二年十二月三十一日

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  非流動資產  Property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  14  1,085,833  1,031,363  Right-of-use assets  使用權資產  15(a)  319,916  354,133  Goodwill  商譽  16  29,101  29,101  Other asset  其他資產  19  19,417  -  Deposits paid for acquisition of property,  plant and equipment  收購物業、廠房及  設備已付按金  58,073  91,597  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  20  82,449  73,326  Total non-current assets  非流動資產總值  1,594,789  1,579,520  CURRENT ASSETS  流動資產  Inventories  存貨  17  86,746  83,939  Accounts and other receivables  應收賬款及其他應收款項  18  281,183  268,208  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  20  490,000  530,000  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  21  2,279  2,592  Fixed bank deposits  定期銀行存款  21  -  3,000  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  21  264,337  237,343  Total current assets  流動資產總值  1,124,545  1,125,082  CURRENT LIABILITIES  流動負債  Accounts and other payables and provision  應付賬款及其他應付款項  以及撥備  22  717,811  633,410  Amount due to non-controlling shareholder  of a subsidiary  應付一間附屬公司的  非控股股東款項  23  26,861  49,939  Bank loans - due within one year  銀行貸款－一年內到期  24  28,822  28,727  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  15(b)  41,610  36,490  Tax payables  應付稅項  19,881  29,082  Total current liabilities  流動負債總額  834,985  777,648  NET CURRENT ASSETS  流動資產淨值  289,560  347,434  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  總資產減流動負債  1,884,349  1,926,954   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

綜合財務狀況表 31 December 2022 二零二二年十二月三十一日

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  非流動負債  Bank loans - due after one year  銀行貸款－一年後到期  24  252,111  282,119  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  15(b)  107,375  147,201  Deferred tax liabilities  遞延稅項負債  25  22,356  23,207  Total non-current liabilities  非流動負債總額  381,842  452,527  NET ASSETS  資產淨值  1,502,507  1,474,427  EQUITY  權益  Share capital  股本  26  334,394  334,394  Reserves  儲備  27  1,153,475  1,092,443  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  本公司擁有人應佔權益  1,487,869  1,426,837  Non-controlling interests  非控股權益  14,638  47,590  TOTAL EQUITY  權益總額  1,502,507  1,474,427   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Wang Junyang  Wong Wai Hung  王君揚  王偉雄  Director  Director  董事  董事   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

## 綜合權益變動表

Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

| Attributable to owners of the Company  本公司擁有人應佔  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Statutory  reserve  Other  reserve  Retained  earnings  Sub-total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  股本  股份溢價  資本儲備  法定儲備  其他儲備  保留盈利  小計 非控股權益  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元 人民幣千元  (note 27)  (note 27)  (note 27)  (note 27)  （附註  27  ） （附註  27  ） （附註  27  ） （附註  27  ）  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  334,394  698,214  53,394  96,822  1,477  148,229  1,332,530  74,972  1,407,502  Profit/(loss) and total  comprehensive income/  (loss) for the year  年內溢利╱ （虧損） 及  全面收入╱ （虧損）  總額  -  -  -  -  -  94,307  94,307  (27,382)  66,925  Transfer from retained earnings  轉撥自保留盈利  -  -  -  18,423  -  (18,423)  -  -  -  At 31 December 2021 and  at 1 January 2022  於二零二一年十二月  三十一日及於  二零二二年一月一日  334,394  698,214  53,394  115,245  1,477  224,113  1,426,837  47,590  1,474,427  Profit/(loss) and total  comprehensive income/  (loss) for the year  年內溢利╱ （虧損） 及  全面收入╱ （虧損）  總額  -  -  -  -  -  61,032  61,032  (33,296)  27,736  Deregistration of a subsidiary  (note 40)  註銷一間附屬公司  （附註  40  ）  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (51)  (51)  Acquisition of a subsidiary  (note 34)  收購一間附屬公司  （附註  34  ）  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  395  395  Transfer from retained earnings  轉撥自保留盈利  -  -  -  26,168  -  (26,168)  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年十二月  三十一日  334,394  698,214  53,394  141,413  1,477  258,977  1,487,869  14,638  1,502,507   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## 綜合現金流量表

Year ended 31 December 2022

截至⼆零⼆⼆年十⼆月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  經營活動所得現金流量  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  69,309  129,209  Adjustments for:  就以下項目所作調整：  Net provision for impairment losses under the  expected credit loss model  預期信貸虧損模式項下之  減值虧損撥備淨額  4,210  2,931  Bank and other interest income  銀行及其他利息收入  5  (3,226)  (1,869)  Investment income from financial assets at fair  value through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產的投資收入  5  (13,285)  (8,612)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  8  113,007  113,603  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使用權資產折舊  8  36,434  35,840  Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產的公平值虧損  6  4,436  2,328  Loss on disposals of property,  plant and equipment  出售╱撇銷物業、廠房及  設備的虧損  6  579  451  Impairment loss on goodwill  商譽減值虧損  -  15,512  Finance costs  融資成本  7  15,043  19,812  Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss  未變現外匯 （收益） ╱虧損  (5,188)  1,615  Provision for medical dispute claims  醫療糾紛索償撥備  22  971  1,180  Amortisation of other asset  其他資產攤銷  19  583  -  COVID-19 related rent concessions from lessors  出租人給予的  COVID-19  相關租金優惠  5  (7,396)  -  215,477  312,000  Increase in inventories  存貨增加  (2,807)  (27,183)  Increase in accounts and other receivables  應收賬款及其他應收款項  增加  (16,889)  (23,054)  Increase in accounts and other payables and  provision  應付賬款及其他  應付款項及撥備增加  77,248  126,423  Cash generated from operations  經營所得現金  273,029  388,186  People's Republic of China Enterprise Income Tax  paid  已付中華人民共和國  企業所得稅  (51,649)  (54,447)  Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded/(paid)  已退回╱ （已付） 香港  利得稅  24  (370)  Net cash flows from operating activities  經營活動所得現金流量淨額  221,404  333,369   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## 綜合現金流量表

Year ended 31 December 2022

截至⼆零⼆⼆年十⼆月三十⼀日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  投資活動所得現金流量  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  購買物業、廠房及設備  (93,769)  (149,355)  Purchases of financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  購買按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  (1,013,000)  (2,895,000)  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair  value through profit or loss  出售按公平值計入損益的  金融資產所得款項  1,045,000  2,755,000  Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and  equipment  收購物業、廠房及設備  已付按金  (21,431)  (21,821)  Placement of fixed bank deposits  存置定期銀行存款  (6,000)  (14,500)  Withdrawal of fixed bank deposits  提取定期銀行存款  9,000  16,500  Placement of restricted bank balances  存放受限制銀行結餘  (809,553)  (2,407,239)  Withdrawal of restricted bank balances  提取受限制銀行結餘  809,866  2,405,829  Investment income received from financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產收取的投資收入  13,285  8,612  Interest received  已收利息  3,226  2,463  Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and  equipment  出售物業、廠房及設備所得  款項  838  179  Acquisition of a subsidiary  收購一間附屬公司  34  (570)  -  Payment of other asset  支付其他資產  19  (20,000)  -  Deregistration of a subsidiary  註銷一間附屬公司  (51)  -  Net cash used in investing activities  投資活動所用現金淨額  (83,159)  (299,332)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  融資活動所得現金流量  New bank loans raised  已籌集的新銀行貸款  -  60,000  Advances from non-controlling shareholders of  subsidiaries  附屬公司的非控股股東墊款  126,922  144,500  Repayments to non-controlling shareholders of  subsidiaries  還款予附屬公司的  非控股股東  (150,000)  (113,417)  Principal portion of lease payments  租賃付款本金部分  (29,527)  (31,430)  Interest paid  已付利息  (25,337)  (26,624)  Repayment of bank loans  還款予銀行貸款  (32,938)  (9,760)  Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities  融資活動 （所用） ╱所得  現金流量淨額  (110,880)  23,269  NET INCREASE IN CASH AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS  現金及現金等價物增加淨額  27,365  57,306  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  於年初的現金及現金等價物  237,343  179,673  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  匯率變動影響淨額  (371)  364  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR,  REPRESENTING BANK BALANCES AND CASH  於年末的現金及現金等  價物，即銀行結餘及現金  264,337  237,343   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## 綜合現金流量表

Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH  EQUIVALENTS  現金及現金等價物結餘分析  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  21  264,337  237,343  Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with original  maturity of more than three months, when  acquired  原到期日自取得起計逾  三個月的非抵押定期  銀行存款  21  -  3,000  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the  consolidated statement of financial position  綜合財務狀況表列示的現金  及現金等價物  21  264,337  240,343  Non-pledged fixed bank deposits with original  maturity of more than three months, when  acquired  原到期日自取得起計逾  三個月的非抵押定期  銀行存款  -  (3,000)  Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the  consolidated statement of cash flows  綜合現金流量表列示的現金  及現金等價物  264,337  237,343   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 1. 公司及集團資料

廣東康華醫療股份有限公司 （ 「本公司」 ） 在中華人民共和國（ 「中國」 ） 成立為一 間有限責任公司及其境外上市普通股 （ 「 H 股」 ） 在香港聯合交易所有限公司 （ 「香港聯交所」 ） 主板上市。本公司董 事認為，本公司的直接及最終控股公 司為東莞市康華投資集團有限公司 （ 「康 華集團」 ，一間於中國成立的有限責任 公司） 。本公司註冊辦事處及香港主要 營業地點地址披露於年報「公司資料」 一節。

本公司及其附屬公司主要在中國從事 提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他醫療 服務、提供老年護理服務及銷售藥品。 本公司附屬公司詳情載於綜合財務報 表附註 40 。

## 2.1 編製基準

該等綜合財務報表已根據由國際會計 準則委員會（ 「國際會計準則委員會」 ） 頒佈的國際財務報告準則（ 「國際財務 報告準則」 ） 、香港公認會計原則及香 港公司條例之披露規定編製。該等財 務報表採用歷史成本常規法編製，惟 若干按公平值計量的金融資產則除外。 該等綜合財務報表以人民幣 （ 「人民幣」 ） 呈列，除另有說明者外，所有價值均 四捨五入至最近的千位數（ 「人民幣千 元」 ） 。

## 綜合入賬基準

綜合財務報表包括本公司及其附屬公 司（統稱為 「本集團」 ） 於截至二零二二 年十二月三十一日止年度之財務報表。 附屬公司為本公司直接或間接控制之 實體（包括結構性實體） 。倘本集團承 擔或享有參與投資對象業務所得之可 變回報的風險或權利，並能透過其對 該投資對象的權力 （即賦予本集團現有 能力主導投資對象相關活動之既存權 利） 影響該等回報，即本集團具有控制 權。

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

廣東康華醫療股份有限公司 (Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd.) (the 'Company') was established as a limited liability company in the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC') and its overseas listed ordinary shares (the 'H Shares') are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Hong Kong Stock Exchange'). In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Company's immediate and ultimate holding company is 東莞市康華投資集團有限公司 (Dongguan Kanghua Investment Group Co., Ltd.) ('Kanghua Group'), a limited liability company established in the PRC. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company are disclosed in the corporate information section to the annual report.

The Company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of  hospital services, provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services, provision of elderly healthcare services and sale of pharmaceutical products in the PRC. Details of the Company's subsidiaries are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs'), issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the 'IASB'), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared on a historical cost convention, except for certain financial assets that are measured at fair value. These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (RMB) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand (RMB'000), except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation  (Continued)

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit  or  loss  and  each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the noncontrolling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If  the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.1 編製基準 （續）

綜合入賬基準 （續）

於一般情況下均存在多數投票權形成 控制權之推定。倘本公司直接或間接 擁有少於投資對象大多數投票或類似 權利，則本集團於評估其是否擁有對 投資對象的權力時會考慮一切相關事 實及情況，包括：

- (a) 與投資對象其他投票持有人的合 約安排；
- (b) 其他合約安排所產生的權利；及
- (c) 本集團的投票權及潛在投票權。

附屬公司與本公司財務報表的報告期 間相同，並採用一致會計政策編製。 附屬公司業績自本集團取得控制權之 日起綜合入賬，並持續綜合入賬直至 該控制權終止為止。

損益及其他全面收益各部分乃歸屬於 本集團母公司擁有人及非控股權益， 即使這會使非控股權益產生虧損結餘。 所有集團內公司間資產及負債、權益、 收入、開支及有關本集團成員公司之 間交易的現金流量均於綜合入賬時悉 數對銷。

倘有事實及情況顯示上文所述三項控 制權要素有一項或以上出現變動，則 本集團會重新評估其是否對投資對象 擁有控制權。一間附屬公司之所有權 權益變動在並未失去控制權的情況下 按權益交易入賬。

倘本集團失去對一間附屬公司之控制 權，則其取消確認 (i) 該附屬公司之資 產（包括商譽）及負債， (ii) 任何非控股 權益之賬面值及 (iii) 於權益內入賬之累 計換算差額；並確認 (i) 所收代價之公 平值， (ii) 所保留任何投資之公平值及 (iii) 損益中任何因此產生之盈餘或虧絀。 先前於其他全面收益確認之本集團分 佔部分重新分類為損益或保留溢利 （倘 適當） ，倘本集團已直接出售相關資產 或負債，則須遵照相同標準。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.2 會計政策及披露之變動

## 2.2  CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The Group has adopted the following revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year's consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to IFRS 3 國際財務報告準則第 3 號修訂本 Amendments to IAS 16 國際會計準則第 16 號修訂本 Amendments to IAS 37 國際會計準則第 37 號修訂本

Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

國際財務報告準則二零一八年至二零二零年之 年度改進

本集團於本年度綜合財務報表首次採 納下列經修訂國際財務報告準則。

Reference to the Conceptual Framework

提述概念框架

Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use 物業、廠房及設備：擬定用途前所得款項 Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

虧損合約－履行合約的成本

Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS41

國際財務報告準則第 1 號、國際財務報告準則第 9 號、 國際財務報告準則第 16 號隨附的示例及國際會計準則 第 41 號修訂本

The nature and the impact of the revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

- (a) Amendments to IFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous  Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements  with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the 'Conceptual Framework')  issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to IFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37 or International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee ('IFRIC') 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying IFRS 3 should refer to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify  that  contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to business combinations that occurred on or after 1 January 2022. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to business combinations that occurred on or after 1 January 2022. As there were no contingent assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities within the scope of the amendments arising in the business combination that occurred during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

適用於本集團的經修訂國際財務報告 準則的性質及影響載列如下：

- (a) 國際財務報告準則第 3 號修訂本 旨在以二零一八年三月頒佈之財 務報告概念框架的提述取代先前 編製及呈列財務報表的框架提述， 而毋須大幅度改變其規定。該修 訂本亦為國際財務報告準則第 3 號增加確認原則的例外，實體可 參考概念框架釐定資產或負債的 構成要素。該例外情況規定，對 於單獨產生而非於業務合併中承 擔且屬於國際會計準則第 37 號 或國際財務報告詮釋委員會 （ 「國 際財務報告詮釋委員會」 ） 第 21 號 範疇內的負債及或然負債，採用 國際財務報告準則第 3 號的實體 應分別提述國際會計準則第 37 號 或國際財務報告詮釋委員會第 21 號，而非概念框架。此外，該修 訂本澄清或然資產於收購日期不 符合確認資格。本集團已前瞻性 地將該等修訂本應用於二零二二 年一月一日或之後發生的業務合 併。由於在本年度發生的業務合 併中不存在該等修訂本範圍內的 或然資產、負債及或然負債，因 此該等修訂本對本集團的財務狀 況及表現並無產生任何影響。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.2  CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

(Continued)

The nature and the impact of the revised IFRSs are described below: (Continued)

- (b) Amendments to IAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.  Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as determined by IAS 2 Inventories, in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after 1 January 2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (c) Amendments to IAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under IAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at 1 January 2022 and no onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

## 2.2 會計政策及披露之變動 （續）

經修訂國際財務報告準則的性質及影 響載列如下： （續）

- (b) 國際會計準則第 16 號修訂本禁止 實體從物業、廠房及設備項目的 成本中扣除資產達到管理層預定 的可使用狀態 （包括位置與條件） 過程中產生的任何出售項目所得 款項。相反，實體於損益中確認 出售任何有關項目的所得款項及 按國際會計準則第 2 號存貨釐定 的該等項目的成本。本集團已就 於二零二一年一月一日或之後可 供使用之物業、廠房及設備項目 追溯應用該修訂本。由於在物業、 廠房及設備達致可供使用狀態前 並無出售任何產出物品，故該修 訂本對本集團之財務狀況或表現 並無任何影響。
- (c) 國際會計準則第 37 號修訂本澄 清，就根據國際會計準則第 37 號 評估合約是否屬虧損性而言，履 行合約的成本包括與合約直接相 關的成本。與合約直接相關的成 本包括履行該合約的增量成本 （例 如直接勞工及材料）及與履行合 約直接相關的其他成本分配（例 如分配履行合約所用物業、廠房 及設備項目的折舊開支以及合約 管理及監管成本） 。一般及行政 成本與合約並無直接關連，除非 根據合約明確向對手方收取費用， 否則不包括在內。本集團已於二 零二二年一月一日就其仍未履行 所有義務之合約前瞻性應用該修 訂本，惟無識別任何虧損性合約。 因此，該修訂本對本集團之財務 狀況或表現並無任何影響。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.2 會計政策及披露之變動 （續）

經修訂國際財務報告準則的性質及影 響載列如下： （續）

- (d) 國際財務報告準則二零一八年至 二零二零年之年度改進載列國際 財務報告準則第 1 號、國際財務 報告準則第 9 號、國際財務報告 準則第 16 號相應闡釋範例及國際 會計準則第 41 號修訂本。預計適 用於本集團之修訂本詳述如下：
- 國際財務報告準則第 9 號金 融工具：澄清了實體在評 估新訂或經修訂金融負債 的條款與初始金融負債的 條款是否存在重大差異時 所包含的費用。該等費用 僅包括借款方與貸款方之 間已付或已收的費用，包 括由借款方或貸款方代表 對方已付或已收的費用。 本集團已於二零二二年一 月一日前瞻性應用該修訂 本。由於本集團的金融負 債於年內並無任何修改或 交換，故該修訂本對本集 團的財務狀況或表現並無 任何影響。

## 2.2  CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

The nature and the impact of the revised IFRSs are described below: (Continued)

- (d) Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:
- IFRS 9 Financial Instruments: clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf. The Group has applied the amendment prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was no modification or exchange of the Group's financial liabilities during the year, the amendment did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28

## 2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務 報告準則

本集團並無於該等綜合財務報表中應 用下列已頒佈但尚未生效的新訂及經 修訂國際財務報告準則。

Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2

國際財務報告準則第 10 號及國際會計準則 第 28 號修訂本

投資者與其聯營企業或合營企業的資產出售或注資 2

IFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 1

國際財務報告準則第 17 號

保險合約 1

Amendments to IFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 1, 3

國際財務報告準則第 17 號修訂本

保險合約 1 、 3

Amendment to IFRS 17

Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 - Comparative Information 4 首次應用國際財務報告準則第 17 號及國際財務報告準則 第 9 號－可比較資料 4

國際財務報告準則第 17 號修訂本

Amendments to IAS 1

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 5

國際會計準則第 1 號修訂本

負債分類為流動或非流動 5

Amendments to IAS 1

Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 5

國際會計準則第

1 號修訂本

附帶契諾的非流動負債 5

Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2

Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1

國際會計準則第 1 號及國際財務報告準則實務聲明 第 2 號修訂本

披露會計政策 1

Amendments to IAS 8

Definition of Accounting Estimates 1

國際會計準則第

8 號修訂本

會計估計的定義 1

Amendments to IAS 12

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1

國際會計準則第 12 號修訂本

與單一交易產生的資產及負債有關的遞延稅項 1

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務 報告準則 （續）

- 1 於二零二三年一月一日或之後開始 的年度期間生效
- 2 尚未釐定強制生效日期，惟可供採納
- 3 由於二零二零年十月頒佈國際財務 報告準則第 17 號修訂本，國際財務報 告準則第 4 號已修訂，以延長允許保 險公司於二零二三年一月一日前開 始的年度期間應用國際會計準則第 39 號 （而非國際財務報告準則第 9 號） 的臨時豁免
- 4 選擇應用與本修訂本所載分類重疊 相關的過渡選項的實體應於首次應 用國際財務報告準則第 17 號時應用
- 5 於二零二四年一月一日或之後開始 的年度期間生效

有關預期將適用於本集團的國際財務 報告準則的進一步資料載述如下。

國際會計準則第 1 號修訂本負債分類為 流動或非流動澄清負債分類為流動或 非流動的規定。該修訂本澄清：

- 延期清償權利的涵義
- 報告期末必須存在延期權利
- 該分類不受主體行使其延期權利 的可能性影響
- 只有當可轉債中的嵌入衍生工具 本身是權益工具時，負債的條款 才不會影響其分類

該修訂本於二零二四年一月一日或之 後開始的年度期間生效且須追溯應用。 本集團目前正在評估該修訂本對現行 做法的影響，以及現有貸款協議是否 需要重新談判。

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 2 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 3 As a consequence of the amendments to IFRS 17 issued in October 2020, IFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply IAS 39 rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
- 4 An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on initial application of IFRS 17
- 5 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

Amendments to IAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments clarify:

- What is meant by a right to defer settlement
- That a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting period
- That classification is unaffected by the likelihood that an entity will exercise its deferral right
- That only if an embedded derivative in a convertible liability is itself an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification

The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and must be applied retrospectively. The Group is currently assessing the impact the amendments will have on current practice and whether existing loan agreements may require renegotiation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Amendments to IAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies  require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if,  when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to IAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently revisiting the  accounting policy disclosures to ensure consistency with the amendments.

Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements.

Amendments to IAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in  IAS  12  so  that  it  no  longer  applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. Subject to further assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements in the period of initial application.

## 2.3 已頒佈但尚未生效之國際財務 報告準則 （續）

國際會計準則第 1 號（修訂本） 會計政 策披露要求實體披露彼等之重大會計 政策資料而非其重大會計政策。倘連 同實體財務報表內其他資料一併考慮， 會計政策資料可以合理預期會影響通 用目的財務報表的主要使用者根據該 等財務報表所作出的決定，則該會計 政策資料屬重大。國際財務報告準則 實務聲明第 2 號（修訂本）就重要性概 念應用於會計政策披露之方式提供非 強制性指引。國際會計準則第 1 號（修 訂本） 於二零二三年一月一日或之後開 始的年度期間生效，並允許提早應用。 由於國際財務報告準則實務聲明第 2 號（修訂本） 提供的指引並非強制性執 行，該等修訂之生效日期並非屬必須。 本集團正在重新審核會計政策披露， 以確保與該等修訂本保持一致。

國際會計準則第 8 號（修訂本）澄清會 計估計變動與會計政策變動的區別。 會計估計定義為財務報表中存在計 量不確定性的貨幣金額。該修訂本亦 澄清實體如何使用計量技術及輸入數 據以制定會計估計。該修訂本於二零 二三年一月一日或之後開始的年度報 告期間生效，並適用於該期間開始時 或之後發生的會計政策變動及會計估 計變動。允許提早應用預期該修訂本 不會對本集團的綜合財務報表造成任 何重大影響。

國際會計準則第 12 號（修訂本）縮小國 際會計準則第 12 號中初步確認例外之 範疇，使其不再適用於產生相同的應 課稅及可扣減臨時差額的交易 （如租賃 及退役義務） 。因此，實體須就因該等 交易引致的臨時差額確認遞延稅項資 產（前提為有足夠的應課稅利潤）及遞 延稅項負債。該修訂本於二零二三年 一月一日或之後開始的年度報告期間 生效，並適用於與最早比較期開始時 呈列的租賃及退役義務有關的交易， 任何累積影響應確認為對保留溢利的 期初餘額或權益的其他組成部分的調 整（如於該日期適用） 。此外，該修訂 本應前瞻性地適用於除租賃及退役義 務以外的交易。允許提前應用。待進 一步評估後，預期該修訂本不會對本 集團於初步應用期間的綜合財務報表 造成任何重大影響。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

業務合併及商譽

業務合併採用收購法入賬。於業務合 併時所轉讓代價須按於收購日期之公 平值計量，其公平值乃按本集團所轉 讓資產於收購日期之公平值、收購方 向被收購方前擁有人所產生之負債， 以及收購方為換取被收購方的控制權 而所發行股本權益之綜合計算得出。 就各項業務合併而言，本集團選擇是 否按公平值或所佔被收購方可識別資 產淨值的比例份額，計量於被收購方 的非控股權益。收購相關成本於產生 時列為開支，並計入行政開支內。

當已收購一組活動及資產包括一項資 源投入及一項實質過程，而兩者必須 對創造產出的能力有重大貢獻，則本 集團釐定其已收購一項業務。倘收購 過程對繼續生產產出的能力至關重要， 並且所收購的投入包括具備執行該過 程所必需的技能、知識或經驗的組織 勞動力，或對持續生產產出的能力有 重大貢獻，則被認為屬獨特或稀缺， 或在無重大成本、努力或持續生產產 出能力出現延遲的情況下不可取代。

本集團收購一項業務時，會根據於收 購日期的合約條款、經濟情況及相關 條件，評估金融資產及負債以進行適 當的分類及指派。此舉包括分拆被收 購方訂立的主合約中的內嵌衍生產品。

倘業務合併分階段進行，先前持有的 股本權益會以其於收購日期的公平值 重新計量，而產生的任何盈虧會於損 益確認。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination shall be measured at acquisition date fair value, which shall be calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, the liabilities incurred by the acquirer to former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the acquirer in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisitionrelated costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

Business combinations and goodwill  (Continued)

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments , is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred and the amount recognised for noncontrolling interests and any fair value of the Group's previous interest held over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed). If the fair value of the net assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognised at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognised in profit or loss.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGUs') that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

業務合併及商譽 （續）

收購方將轉讓的任何或然代價於收購 日期按公平值確認。分類為權益的或 然代價，無須重新計量，其後結算在 權益中入賬。分類為屬於金融工具及 國際財務報告準則第 9 號金融工具範 圍內的資產或負債的或然代價按公平 值計量，且其公平值變動根據國際財 務報告準則第 9 號於損益確認。並非 屬於國際財務報告準則第 9 號範圍內 的其他或然代價乃按各報告日期的公 平值計量，其公平值變動於損益確認。

商譽初步按成本計量（即所轉讓的代 價、非控股權益已確認金額及任何本 集團先前持有的權益公平值的總額， 超出所收購及所承擔的可識別資產及 負債方之差額） 。倘所收購資產淨值的 公平值超出所轉讓總代價，本集團會 重新評估其是否已正確識別全部所收 購資產及全部所承擔負債，並審閱用 於計量將於收購日期確認的金額的程 序。倘重新評估的結果仍為所收購資 產淨值的公平值超出所轉讓總代價， 則收益隨後於損益確認。

於初步確認後，商譽按成本減任何累 計減值虧損計量。為進行減值檢測， 無論被收購方之其他資產或負債是否 已分配至現金產生單位（ 「現金產生單 位」 ） ，因業務合併而購入的商譽自收 購日期起被分配至預期可從合併產生 的協同效益中獲益的本集團各現金產 生單位。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

## 業務合併及商譽 （續）

減值乃透過評估有關商譽的現金產生 單位（現金產生單位組別）可收回款項 釐定。倘若現金產生單位 （現金產生單 位組別） 的可收回款項少於賬面值，則 確認減值虧損。就商譽確認的減值虧 損其後期間不會撥回。

倘商譽分配至現金產生單位及單位已 出售之部分業務，則於釐定出售盈虧 時，將售出業務有關的商譽計入業務 賬面值。在此情況下出售的商譽，乃 按售出業務與所保留現金產生單位部 分的相對價值計量。

## 公平值計量

本集團於各報告期末計量其若干按公 平值計量的金融資產。公平值乃在市 場參與者於計量日期進行的有序交易 中出售資產所收取或轉移負債所支付 的價格。公平值計量乃基於假設出售 資產或轉移負債的交易於資產或負債 的主要市場進行或於未有主要市場的 情況下，則於資產或負債的最有利市 場進行。主要或最有利市場須為本集 團可進入的市場。資產或負債的公平 值乃基於市場參與者為資產或負債定 價所用的假設計量 （假設市場參與者依 照彼等的最佳經濟利益行事） 。

非金融資產公平值的計量則參考市場 參與者可透過以其最高及最佳效用使 用該資產，或把該資產售予另一可以 其最高及最佳效用使用該資產的市場 參與者產生經濟效益的能力。

本集團使用適用於有關情況的估值技 術，而其有足夠數據計量公平值，以 盡量利用相關可觀察輸入數據及盡量 減少使用不可觀察輸入數據。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Business combinations and goodwill  (Continued)

Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

## Fair value measurement

The Group measures certain of its financial assets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

## Fair value measurement  (Continued)

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 - based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 - based on the valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 - based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or CGU's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs. In testing a CGU for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset is allocated to an individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of CGUs.

## 公平值計量 （續）

於綜合財務報表中計量或披露公平值 的所有資產及負債，均根據對公平值 計量整體而言屬重大的最低級別輸入 數據在下述公平值層級內進行分類：

- 第一級－基於相同資產或負債於 活躍市場的所報價格 （未經調整）
- 第二級－基於估值技術，其中對 公平值計量而言屬重大的最低級 別輸入數據為可直接或間接觀察
- 第三級－基於估值技術，其中對 公平值計量而言屬重大的最低級 別輸入數據為不可觀察

就於綜合財務報表中確認的經常性資 產及負債而言，本集團於各報告期末 透過重新評估分類確定各層級之間是 否發生轉移 （根據對公平值計量整體而 言屬重大的最低級別輸入數據） 。

## 非金融資產減值

倘存在減值跡象，或當須每年就資產 進行減值檢測 （存貨、遞延稅項資產及 金融資產除外） ，則會估計資產的可收 回金額。資產的可收回金額乃按資產 或現金產生單位的使用價值及其公平 值減出售成本兩者的較高者計算，並 按個別資產釐定，除非資產並不產生 明顯獨立於其他資產或資產組別的現 金流入，於此情況下，則可收回金額 按資產所屬現金產生單位釐定。於測 試現金產生單位減值時，倘現金產生 單位可按合理及一致分配基準分配， 公司資產之部分賬面金額分配至個別 現金產生單位，或分配至現金產生單 位內的最小組別。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

非金融資產減值 （續）

僅在資產賬面值高於其可收回金額的 情況下，方會確認減值虧損。評估使 用價值時，估計未來現金流量按可反 映貨幣時間價值及資產特定風險的現 時市場評估的稅前貼現率貼現至現值。 減值虧損按與該減值資產功能相符的 開支類別於產生期間自損益中扣除。

本集團會在各報告期末評估是否有任 何跡象顯示先前確認的減值虧損已不 再存在或可能減少。倘出現此等跡象， 則會估計可收回金額。僅當用以釐定 資產可收回金額的估計有變時，方會 撥回資產（商譽除外）先前確認的減值 虧損，但撥回後的金額不得超逾假設 於過往年度並無就該項資產確認減值 虧損而應釐定的賬面值（扣除任何折 舊） 。減值虧損撥回於其產生期間計入 損益。

關聯方

符合下列情況之人士將視為與本集團 有關連：

- (a) 有關人士為個人或該人士之近親， 而該人士
- (i) 控制或共同控制本集團；
- (ii) 對本集團具有重大影響力； 或
- (iii) 該人士為本集團或本集團 母公司的主要管理人員的 其中一名成員；

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Impairment of non-financial assets  (Continued)

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Related parties  (Continued)

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

## 關聯方 （續）

- (b) 有關方為實體且符合下列任何一 項條件：
- (i) 該實體與本集團屬同一集 團的成員公司；
- (ii) 一實體為另一實體（或另一 實體的母公司、附屬公司 或同系附屬公司）的聯營公 司或合資企業；
- (iii) 該實體與本集團為同一第 三方的合資企業；
- (iv) 一實體為一第三方實體的 合資企業，而另一實體為 同一第三方實體的聯營公 司；
- (v) 該實體為就本集團或與本 集團有關聯之實體的僱員 利益設立的離職後福利計 劃；
- (vi) 該實體由 (a) 項所列人士控 制或共同控制；
- (vii) (a)(i) 項所列人士對該實體有 重大影響或屬該實體（或該 實體母公司）主要管理人員 的其中一名成員；及
- (viii) 該實體或該實體所屬集團 之任何成員公司為本集團 或本集團母公司提供主要 管理人員服務。

## 物業、廠房及設備與折舊

物業、廠房及設備（在建工程除外）乃 按成本減累計折舊及任何減值虧損列 賬。物業、廠房及任何設備項目的成 本包括其購買價及使資產達致運作狀 況及地點作擬定用途的直接應佔成本。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

物業、廠房及設備與折舊 （續）

於物業、廠房及設備項目投入運作後 所引致的支出，如維修及保養費等， 通常於該等支出產生期間自損益中扣 除。倘達到確認標準，則主要檢查的 開支作為重置於資產的賬面值中資本 化。倘大部分物業、廠房及設備須不 時重置，則本集團確認該部分物業、 廠房及設備為個別具有特定使用年期 的資產及相應地對其作出折舊。

折舊乃以直線法按其估計可使用年期 撇銷各項物業、廠房及設備的成本至 其剩餘價值計算。各項資產的估計可 使用年期如下：

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property, plant and equipment and depreciation  (Continued)

Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful life of each asset is as follows:

| Buildings  Over the shorter of the lease terms of the related land or 50 years 按有關地塊的租期或 50 年 （以較短者為準）  樓宇  Leasehold improvements  10-20 years  租賃裝修  10 至 20 年  Medical equipment  5-10 years  醫療設備  5 至 10 年  Office equipment  5-10 years  辦公設備  5 至 10 年  Motor vehicles  5 years  汽車  5 年   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially  recognised is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

當一項物業、廠房及設備的各部分有 不同可使用年期時，該項目的成本乃 按合理基準在各部分之間分配，而各 部分須分別折舊。剩餘價值、可使用 年期及折舊方法至少於各財政年度末 檢討，並作出調整 （如適用） 。

物業、廠房及設備項目 （包括初步確認 的任何重大部分） 於出售或預期其使用 或出售不會帶來任何未來經濟利益時 終止確認。因出售或報廢而於該資產 終止確認年度的損益內確認的任何收 益或虧損乃有關資產出售所得款項淨 額與賬面值的差額。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Property, plant and equipment and depreciation  (Continued)

Construction in progress represents building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

| Leasehold lands 租賃土地 Leased properties 租賃物業  Over the lease term 按租期 Over the lease term 按租期   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

倘於租期結束時租賃資產的擁有 權轉讓予本集團或成本反映購買 選擇權的行使，折舊則採用資產 的估計可使用年期計算。

<!-- image -->

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

物業、廠房及設備與折舊 （續）

在建工程指在建樓宇，乃按成本減任 何減值虧損列賬，且不予折舊。成本 包括建造期內之直接建造成本及有關 已借資金的資本化借款成本。當在建 工程完工及可供使用時，則重新分類 至適當的物業、廠房及設備類別。

## 租賃

本集團於合約開始時評估合約是否為 租賃或包含租賃。倘合約賦予權利於 一段時間內控制已識別資產的用途以 換取代價，則該合約為租賃或包含租賃。

本集團作為承租人

本集團對所有租賃（短期租賃除外）採 取單一確認及計量方法。本集團確認 租賃負債以作出租賃付款，而使用權 資產指使用相關資產的權利。

## (a) 使用權資產

使用權資產於租賃開始日期（即 相關資產可供使用當日）確認。 使用權資產按成本減任何累計折 舊及減值虧損計量，並就任何重 新計量租賃負債作出調整。使用 權資產成本包括已確認租賃負債 的款額、已產生初始直接成本及 於開始日期或之前作出的租賃付 項減任何已收租賃獎勵。按租期 與資產的估計可使用年期中的較 短者以直線法計提折舊的使用權 資產如下：

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Leases  (Continued)

Group as a lessee  (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## (c) Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of leased properties (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

租賃 （續）

本集團作為承租人 （續）

## (b) 租賃負債

租賃負債於租賃開始日期以租期 內作出的租賃付款現值確認。租 賃付款包括定額付款（含實質定 額付款）減任何應收租賃獎勵款 項、取決於指數或費率的可變租 賃付款以及預期根據剩餘價值擔 保支付的金額。租賃付款亦包括 本集團合理確定行使的購買選擇 權的行使價及倘在租期內反映本 集團正行使終止租賃選擇權時， 有關終止租賃的罰款付款。不取 決於指數或費率的可變租賃付款 在出現觸發付款的事件或條件的 期間內確認為開支。

於計算租賃付款的現值時，由於 租賃內所含利率不易釐定，故本 集團使用租賃開始日期的增量借 款利率計算。於開始日期後，租 賃負債金額的增加反映利息的增 加，並因作出租賃付款而減少。 此外，倘有任何修改（即租期變 更、租賃付款變更（例如指數或 費率的變更導致未來租賃付款發 生變化）或購買相關資產的選擇 權評估的變更） ，則重新計量租 賃負債的賬面值。

## (c) 短期租賃

本集團對其租賃物業的短期租賃 （即該等於開始日期起的租期為 12 個月或以下且不包含購買選擇 權的租賃）應用短期租賃確認豁 免。短期租賃的租賃付款按租期 以直線法確認為開支。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

Leases  (Continued)

Group as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

Sale and leaseback transactions

The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ('IFRS 15') to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a sale by the Group. For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee accounts for the transfer proceeds as bank loans within the scope of IFRS 9.

Investments and other financial assets

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

租賃 （續）

本集團作為出租人

當本集團作為出租人時，其於租賃開 始時（或租賃出現修改時）將每項租賃 分類為經營租賃或融資租賃。

本集團並未轉讓資產擁有權所附帶的 絕大部分風險及回報的租賃歸類為經 營租賃。倘合約包含租賃及非租賃組 成部分，本集團根據相對獨立的售價 基準將合約代價分配予各組成部分。 租金收益因其經營性質而於租期內按 直線法列賬並計入損益之收入。於磋 商及安排經營租賃時產生的初始直接 成本乃計入租賃資產的賬面值，並於 租期內按相同基準確認為租金收益。 或然租金乃於所賺取的期間內確認為 收入。

向承租人轉讓相關資產擁有權所附帶 的絕大部分風險及回報的租賃入賬列 作融資租賃。

售後租回交易

本集團根據國際財務報告準則第 15 號 來自客戶合約的收益（ 「國際財務報告 準則第 15 號」 ） 的規定，評估售後租回 交易是否構成本集團的銷售。對於不 符合銷售規定的轉讓，本集團作為賣 方－承租人按照國際財務報告準則第 9 號將轉讓所得款項作為銀行貸款進行 核算。

投資及其他金融資產

初步確認及計量

金融資產於初步確認時分類為其後按 攤銷成本計量、按公平值計入其他全 面收益，以及按公平值計入損益。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

投資及其他金融資產 （續）

初步確認及計量 （續）

初步確認時金融資產分類取決於金融 資產的合約現金流特徵，以及本集團 管理金融資產的業務模式。除並非包 含重大融資組成部分的應收賬款或本 集團已應用實際權宜方法不作調整重 大融資組成部分影響的應收賬款外， 本集團最初按其公平值另加交易成本 （倘金融資產並非按公平值計入損益） 計量金融資產。並非包含重大融資組 成部分的應收賬款或本集團已應用實 際權宜方法的應收賬款按依照下文 「收 益確認」 所載政策根據國際財務報告準 則第 15 號釐定的交易價計量。

金融資產需要令現金流量僅為償還本 金及未償還本金利息（ 「僅為償還本金 及未償還本金利息」 ） ，方可按攤銷成 本或按公平值計入其他全面收益的分 類及計量。具有並非僅為償還本金及 未償還本金利息之現金流量的金融資 產按公平值計入損益分類及計量，且 不論為何種業務模式。

本集團管理金融資產的業務模式指本 集團如何管理其金融資產以產生現金 流量。業務模式釐定現金流量是否因 收取合約現金流量、出售金融資產或 因前述兩者而引起。按攤銷成本分類 及計量的金融資產乃於一項業務模式 中以持有該等金融資產以收取合約現 金流量為目標而持有，而根據按公平 值計入其他全面收益分類及計量的金 融資產則於一項業務模式中以持作收 取合約現金流量及持作出售為目標而 持有。並非於上述業務模式中持有的 金融資產按公平值計入損益分類及計量。

所有以常規方式購買及出售的金融資 產於交易日 （即本集團承諾購買或出售 該資產當日） 確認。以常規方式購買或 出售指需要於一般按規例或市場慣例 設定的期限內交付資產的金融資產購 買或出售。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Investments and other financial assets  (Continued)

Initial recognition and measurement  (Continued)

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Investments and other financial assets  (Continued)

Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

This category includes equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

投資及其他金融資產 （續）

其後計量

金融資產的其後計量取決於其分類如 下：

按攤銷成本列賬的金融資產 （債務工具）

按攤銷成本列賬的金融資產其後使用 實際利率法計量，並可予減值。倘資 產終止確認、修訂或減值，則收益及 虧損會於損益確認。

按公平值計入損益的金融資產

按公平值計入損益的金融資產按公平 值於財務狀況表列賬，而公平值變動 淨額於損益中確認。

該類別包括本集團並無不可撤銷地選 擇按公平值計入其他全面收益進行分 類的權益投資。分類為按公平值計入 損益的金融資產的權益投資之股息於 付款權已確立且與股息相關的經濟利 益很可能流入本集團及股息金額可被 可靠計量時亦於損益中確認為其他收入。

終止確認金融資產

金融資產（或（倘適用）部分金融資產 或一組同類金融資產的一部分） 主要於 下列情況下終止確認 （即從本集團綜合 財務狀況表中剔除） ：

- 從資產收取現金流量的權利已到 期；或
- 本集團已轉讓從資產收取現金流 量的權利，或根據 「轉手」 安排在 並無嚴重延誤的情況下承擔向第 三方悉數支付已收取現金流量的 責任；及 (a) 本集團已轉讓資產的 絕大部分風險及回報，或 (b) 本集 團雖未轉讓或保留資產的絕大部 分風險及回報，但已轉讓資產的 控制權。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

## 終止確認金融資產 （續）

倘本集團已轉讓從資產收取現金流量 的權利或訂立轉手安排，則評估有否 保留資產擁有權的風險及回報及保留 的程度。倘本集團並無轉讓或保留資 產的絕大部分風險及回報，亦無轉讓 資產控制權，則本集團將就本集團持 續參與有關資產的程度繼續確認已轉 讓資產。在此情況下，本集團亦確認 相關負債。已轉讓資產及相關負債基 於反映本集團所保留權利及責任的基 準計量。

以擔保形式對已轉讓資產的持續參與， 按資產原賬面價值與本集團可能須償 還的最高代價的較低者計量。

## 金融資產減值

本集團就所有並非以按公平值計入損 益持有的債務工具的預期信貸虧損 （ 「預 期信貸虧損」 ） 確認撥備。預期信貸虧 損乃基於根據合約應收的合約現金流 量與本集團預期將收到的所有現金流 量之間的差額釐定，並以原實際利率 的近似值貼現。預期現金流量將包括 出售所持抵押品或合約條款所包含的 其他信貸升級措施產生的現金流量。

## 一般方法

預期信貸虧損分兩個階段進行確認。 對於自初步確認以來信貸風險未有顯 著增加的信貸風險，會為未來 12 個月 可能發生的違約事件所產生的信貸虧 損（ 12 個月預期信貸虧損）計提預期信 貸虧損撥備。對於自初步確認以來信 貸風險已顯著增加的信貸風險，須就 預期於風險的餘下年期產生的信貸虧 損計提虧損撥備，不論發生違約的時 間 （全期預期信貸虧損） 。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Derecognition of financial assets  (Continued)

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of its  continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses ('ECLs') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (12-month ECLs). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (lifetime ECLs).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets  (Continued)

General approach  (Continued)

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forwardlooking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for accounts receivable and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not creditimpaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

金融資產減值 （續）

一般方法 （續）

本集團在各報告日期評估金融工具的 信貸風險自初步確認以來是否已顯著 增加。於進行評估時，本集團將報告 日期金融工具出現違約之風險與初步 確認日期金融工具出現違約之風險進 行比較，並考慮無需付出過多成本或 努力即可獲得的合理及有理據的資料 （包括過往及前瞻性資料） 。當合約付 款逾期超過 30 日時，本集團認為信貸 風險大幅增加。

當合約付款逾期 90 日時，本集團視金 融資產出現違約。然而，在若干情況下， 當內部或外部資料顯示在不考慮本集 團所持的任何信貸升級措施的情況下 本集團不大可能悉數收回尚未償還的 合約金額，則本集團亦可能將金融資 產視為出現違約。倘無合理預期可收 回合約現金流量，則撇銷金融資產。

除應收賬款及合約資產應用下文詳述 的簡化方法外，按公平值計入其他全 面收益的債務投資及按攤銷成本列賬 的金融資產按一般方法進行減值，並 按下列階段預期信貸虧損計量分類。

- 第 1 階段－ 自初步確認以來信貸風險 並無顯著增加的金融工 具，其虧損撥備按等於 12 個月預期信貸虧損的金額 計量
- 第 2 階段－ 自初步確認以來信貸風險 有顯著增加但屬未出現信 貸減值的金融資產的金融 工具，其虧損撥備按等於 全期預期信貸虧損的金額 計量
- 第 3 階段－ 於報告日期已出現信貸減 值（但並非在購買或產生 時已出現信貸減值）的金 融資產，其虧損撥備按等 於全期預期信貸虧損的金 額計量

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

Impairment of financial assets  (Continued)

Simplified approach

For accounts receivable that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a ECL model that is based on the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Financial liabilities

Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as loans and borrowings, or payables, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group's financial liabilities include accounts and payables and provision, amount due to non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, bank loans and lease liabilities.

Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

After initial  recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

金融資產減值 （續）

簡化方法

就不包含重大融資組成部分的應收賬 款而言，或在本集團採用不就重大融 資組成部分的影響作出調整的實際權 宜方法時，本集團應用簡化方法計算 預期信貸虧損。在簡化方法下，本集 團不追蹤信貸風險的變化，而是於各 報告日期根據全期預期信貸虧損確認 虧損撥備。本集團已根據違約概率、 違約虧損率 （即倘發生違約的損失程度） 及違約風險建立預期信貸虧損模式， 並就債務人特定的前瞻性因素及經濟 環境作出調整。

金融負債

初步確認與計量

金融負債於初步確認時分類為貸款及 借款或應付款項 （如適用） 。

所有金融負債初步按公平值確認並 （倘 為貸款及借款以及應付款項） 扣除直接 應佔交易成本。

本集團的金融負債包括應付賬款及應 付款項以及撥備、應付一間附屬公司 非控股股東的款項、銀行貸款及租賃 負債。

其後計量

金融負債的隨後計量取決於其分類，

如下所示：

按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債 （貸款及 借款）

於初步確認後，計息貸款及借款隨後 以實際利率法按攤銷成本計量，除非 折現的影響微不足道，在該情況下則 按成本列賬。收益及虧損在負債終止 確認時及通過實際利率法攤銷程序在 損益內確認。

在計算攤銷成本時會計及收購產生的 任何折讓或溢價以及作為實際利率一 部分的費用或成本。實際利率攤銷計 入損益的融資成本內。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

## Financial liabilities  (Continued)

## Financial guarantee contracts

Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in 'Impairment of financial assets'; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a first-in, first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less costs necessary to make the sale.

金融負債 （續）

財務擔保合約

本集團出具的財務擔保合約乃因為特 定債務人於債務到期時未能根據債務 工具的條款作出付款而要求作出付款 以補償持有者所產生的損失的合約。 財務擔保合約按其公平值初步確認為 負債，就出具擔保直接應佔交易成本 進行調整。於初步確認後，本集團按 以下較高者計量財務擔保合約： (i) 根 據「金融資產減值」載列的政策釐定的 預期信貸虧損撥備；及 (ii) 初步確認的 金額減（倘適用）經確認的累積收入金 額。

## 終止確認金融負債

當金融負債的責任已履行、取消或屆 滿時，金融負債終止確認。

當現時金融負債被另一項由同一貸款 人以條款有重大不同的金融負債所取 代，或當現時負債的條款被大幅修改， 該取代或修改以終止確認原有負債及 確認新負債的方式處理。有關賬面值 之間的差額於損益內確認。

## 抵銷金融工具

當有現行可予執行的法律權利可抵銷 已確認金額及有意按淨額基準償付， 或變現資產與清還負債同時進行，則 抵銷金融資產及金融負債及於綜合財 務狀況表內呈報淨值。

## 存貨

存貨按成本與可變現淨值的較低者列 值。存貨成本按先入先出法釐定。可 變現淨值指存貨的估計售價減進行銷 售所需成本。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

現金及現金等價物

就綜合現金流量表而言，現金及現金 等價物包括手頭現金及活期存款，以 及可實時兌換為已知金額現金、所涉 價值變動風險不高而一般自取得起計 三個月內到期的短期高流動性投資， 減須按要求償還的銀行透支，並構成 本集團現金管理組成部分。

就綜合財務狀況表而言，現金及現金 等價物包括手頭現金及用途不受限制 的銀行存款 （包括定期存款、性質類似 現金之資產） 。

撥備

倘因過往事件導致現時承擔責任 （法定 或推定責任） ，且日後可能須流失資源 以履行責任，並能可靠估計責任的數 額，則確認撥備。

當貼現影響屬重大時，確認撥備的金 額為預期未來履行責任所作出的開支 於報告期末的現值。隨時間流逝產生 的貼現現值增加額計入損益內的融資 成本中。

確認為撥備的金額為於報告期末履行 現時責任所需代價的最佳估計，當中 計及與責任有關的風險及不明朗因素。 當撥備使用履行現時責任所需估計現 金流量計量時，其賬面金額為該等現 金流量的現值 （倘金錢時間價值的影響 屬重大） 。

## 所得稅

所得稅包括即期及遞延稅項。與於損 益以外確認項目相關的所得稅於損益 以外的其他全面收益或直接於權益確認。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

## Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

Income tax  (Continued)

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

所得稅 （續）

即期稅項資產及負債乃根據於報告期 末已頒佈或實質上已頒佈的稅率 （及稅 法） ，並考慮本集團經營所在國家當時 的詮釋及慣例，按預期自稅務機關退 回或支付予稅務機關的金額計量。

遞延稅項乃就於報告期末資產及負債 的稅基與兩者用作財務報告用途的賬 面值之間的所有暫時性差額，採用負 債法計提撥備。

遞延稅項負債乃就所有應課稅暫時性 差額確認，惟下列情況除外：

- 遞延稅項負債乃因在一項並非業 務合併的交易中初次確認商譽或 資產或負債而產生，且於交易時 對會計利潤及應課稅利潤或虧損 均無影響；及
- 就與於附屬公司的投資有關的應 課稅暫時性差額而言，暫時性差 額的撥回時間為可控制，且該等 暫時性差額於可見將來可能不會 撥回。

遞延稅項資產乃就所有可抵扣暫時性 差額以及未動用稅項抵免及任何未動 用稅項虧損的結轉確認。遞延稅項資 產的確認以將有應課稅溢利可用以抵 銷可抵扣暫時性差額以及未動用稅項 抵免及未動用稅項虧損的結轉為限， 惟下列情況除外：

- 與可抵扣暫時性差額有關的遞延 稅項資產乃因在一項並非業務合 併的交易中初次確認資產或負債 而產生，且於交易時對會計利潤 及應課稅利潤或虧損均無影響； 及
- 就與於附屬公司的投資有關的可 抵扣暫時性差額而言，遞延稅項 資產僅於暫時性差額於可見將來 有可能撥回以及將有應課稅利潤 可用以抵銷暫時性差額的情況下，

方予確認。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

所得稅 （續）

於各報告期末審閱遞延稅項資產的賬 面值，並在不再可能有足夠應課稅溢 利以動用全部或部分遞延稅項資產時， 相應扣減該賬面值。未被確認的遞延 稅項資產會於各報告期末重新評估， 並在可能有足夠應課稅溢利以收回全 部或部分遞延稅項資產時予以確認。

遞延稅項資產及負債乃根據於報告期 末已頒佈或實質上已頒佈的稅率 （及稅 法） ，按預期適用於變現資產或清還負 債期間的稅率計量。

當及僅當本集團擁有法定可強制執行 權可將即期稅項資產與即期稅項負債 抵銷，且遞延稅項資產及遞延稅項負 債與同一稅務機關向同一應課稅實體 或向不同應課稅實體按淨額基準結算 即期稅項負債及資產徵收之所得稅有 關，或預期於各未來期間有重大金額 之遞延稅項負債需清償或遞延稅項資 產可收回時，同時變現該等資產及清 償該等負債，則遞延稅項資產可與遞 延稅項負債抵銷。

政府補助

倘能合理確定將會收取有關補助且符 合補助附帶的所有條件，則政府補助 將按公平值予以確認。倘補助與開支 項目有關，則在其擬補償而支銷相關 成本的期間內系統地確認為收入。

收益確認

客戶合約收益

當貨品或服務的控制權以反映本集團 預期就換取該等貨品或服務有權獲得 的代價的金額轉讓予客戶時，確認客 戶合約收益。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax  (Continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

Revenue recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Revenue recognition  (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

## (a) Provision of hospital service, provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services and provision of elderly healthcare services

Revenue from the provision of hospital services, provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services and provision of elderly healthcare services is recognised over time and measured under the output method, because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group. The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on the output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depicts the Group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.

## (b) Sales of pharmaceutical products

Revenue is recognised at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good.

## Other income

Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders' right to receive payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

Clinical trial and related income is recognised upon the completion of the services.

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

收益確認 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

當合約中的代價包括可變金額時，代 價金額估計為本集團就轉讓貨品或服 務至客戶而有權獲得的金額。可變代 價於合約開始時進行估計並受約束， 直至當可變代價的相關不確定因素其 後獲解決，確認的累計收益金額不大 可能出現重大收益撥回。

## (a) 提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他 醫療服務及提供老年醫療服務

提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他 醫療保健服務及提供老年醫療服 務的收益乃隨時間確認並按產出 法計量，原因為客戶同時收取及 消耗本集團提供的利益。完全履 行履約責任之進度乃根據產出法 計量，即透過直接計量迄今已轉 讓予客戶的貨品或服務價值，相 對合約下承諾提供的餘下貨品或 服務價值確認收益，該方法最能 反映本集團於轉讓貨品或服務控 制權方面的履約情況。

## (b) 藥品銷售

收益乃於客戶獲得明確貨品控制 權時於某一時間點確認。

其他收入

租賃收入於租期內按時間比例確 認。

利息收入按應計基準使用實際利 率法，透過採用將金融工具於預 期年期或較短期間 （如適用） 的估 計未來現金收入準確貼現至金融 資產的賬面淨值之比率予以確認。

股息收入於股東收取付款的權利 確立、股息相關的經濟利益可能 將流入本集團且股息金額能可靠 計量時確認。

臨床試驗及相關收入乃於服務完 成時予以確認。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## （續）

## 2.4 重大會計政策概要

合約負債

合約負債於本集團轉讓相關貨品或服 務前自客戶收取付款或付款到期應付 時（以較早者為準）確認。合約負債於 本集團根據合約履責 （即向客戶轉讓相 關貨品或服務的控制權） 時確認為收益。

## 借款成本

收購、建造或生產合資格資產 （即需待 相當時間方可作擬定用途或出售的資 產） 直接應佔之借款成本會資本化作為 該等資產的成本部分，直至資產已大 致可作擬定用途或出售時為止。臨時 投資或撥作合資格資產支出的特定借 款所賺取的投資收入於已資本化的借 款成本中扣減。所有其他借款成本均 於產生期間支銷。借款成本包括實體 就借用資金產生的利息及其他成本。

僱員福利

退休金計劃

本集團僱員須參加當地市政府運營的 中央養老金計劃。本集團須向中央養 老金計劃繳納一定比例的工資成本。 根據中央養老金計劃的規定，供款在 到期應付時在損益中扣除。

本集團在香港的附屬公司根據強制性 公積金計劃條例為其所有僱員運營一 項固定繳款強制性公積金退休福利計 劃（ 「強積金計劃」 ） 。供款按僱員基本 工資的百分比計算，並在根據強積金 計劃規則應付時在損益中扣除。強積 金計劃的資產與附屬公司的資產分開 存放在獨立管理的基金中。附屬公司 的僱主供款在向強積金計劃供款時完 全歸僱員所有。

短期僱員福利

短期僱員福利於僱員提供服務時按預 期所支付福利的未貼現金額確認。所 有短期僱員福利確認為開支，除非另 一項國際財務報告準則規定或允許將 福利計入資產成本內。

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment or specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Employee benefits

## Pension scheme

The employees of the Group are required to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Group is required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

The Group's subsidiary in Hong Kong operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the subsidiary in an independently administered fund. The subsidiary's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 2.4  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 2.4 重大會計政策概要 （續）

Foreign currencies

These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ('RMB') , which is the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group's net investment of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net investment is disposed of, at which time the cumulative amount is  reclassified to profit or loss. Tax charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in other comprehensive income.

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined. The gain or loss arising on translation of nonmonetary items measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on the change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

In determining the spot exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income (or part of it) on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to advance consideration, the date of the transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of advance consideration.

On consolidation, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into RMB at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of profit or loss are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on translation for consolidation are recognised in other comprehensive income.

外幣

該等綜合財務報表以人民幣 （ 「人民幣」 ） 呈列，即本公司的功能貨幣。本集團 旗下各實體自行釐定其功能貨幣，而 各實體財務報表所載項目會使用該功 能貨幣計量。本集團旗下實體錄得的 外幣交易初步使用交易當日功能貨幣 的現行匯率入賬。以外幣計值的貨幣 資產及負債按於報告期末通行的功能 貨幣匯率予以換算。因結算換算貨幣 項目而產生的差額於損益確認。

因貨幣項目結算或換算產生的差額均 於損益確認，惟指定作為本集團境外 業務投資淨額對沖部分的貨幣項目除 外。該等項目於其他全面收益確認， 直至出售該投資淨額為止，屆時累計 金額於損益重新分類。由該等貨幣項 目的匯兌差額所產生的稅款及稅收抵 免亦會於其他全面收益中列賬。

以外幣為單位而按歷史成本計量的非 貨幣項目按首次交易日的匯率換算。 以外幣為單位而按公平值計量的非貨 幣項目按釐定公平值當日的匯率換算。 換算按公平值計量的非貨幣項目產生 的收益或虧損按與確認項目公平值變 動的收益或虧損一致的方式處理 （即公 平值收益或虧損於其他全面收益或損 益中確認的項目的匯兌差額亦分別於 其他全面收益或損益中確認） 。

於終止確認與預付代價有關的非貨幣 資產或非貨幣負債釐定初步確認相關 資產、開支或收入（或其部分）時使用 的即期匯率時，交易日為本集團初步 確認預付代價產生的非貨幣資產或非 貨幣負債的日期。倘支付或收取多筆 預付款，則本集團釐定支付或收取每 一筆預付代價的交易日。

於綜合賬目時，海外業務的資產及負 債按報告日期通行的匯率換算為人民 幣，而其損益表則按交易日期通行的 匯率進行換算。就綜合賬目進行換算 所產生的匯兌差額在其他全面收益中 確認。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS 3. 重大會計判斷及估計

The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

## Amortisation period of other asset

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had paid a Brand Introduction Fee of RMB20 million for an introduction of a medical brand and recognised it as an other asset under non-current assets. Further details are set out in note 19.

Pursuant to the Management Arrangements entered into by the Company with Silver Mountain on 23 May 2022, Silver Mountain will provide management of the day-to-day operations of Kangxin Hospital, a nonwholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for a period of 20 years subject to certain terms and conditions.

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the payment of the Brand Introduction Fee is part of the Management Arrangements with the independent third party for its services during the Service Period and the introduction of the medical brand could bring long-term benefits to the operations of Kangxin Hospital, and accordingly, the Brand Introduction Fee is amortised over the Service Period.

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

編製本集團的綜合財務報表時，管理 層須作出會影響所呈報收入、開支、 資產與負債的金額及其隨附之披露以 及或然負債披露的判斷、估計及假設。 有關該等假設及估計的不明朗因素可 能導致日後須對受影響資產或負債的 賬面值作出重大調整。

判斷

於應用本集團會計政策過程中，除涉 及估計者外，管理層已作出下列判斷， 該等判斷對綜合財務報表內確認之數 額具極為重大的影響：

其他資產攤銷期

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年 度，本集團為引進一個醫療品牌支付 品牌引入費人民幣 20 百萬元，並將其 確認為非流動資產項下其他資產。進 一步詳情載於附註 19 。

根據本公司與銀山資本於二零二二年 五月二十三日訂立的若干管理安排， 銀山資本將為本公司非全資附屬公司 康心醫院的日常運營提供管理，為期 20 年，惟須符合若干條款及條件。

本公司董事認為，支付品牌引入費乃就 服務期內提供服務與獨立第三方訂立 管理安排的一部分，引進醫療品牌可 為康心醫院的運營帶來長期裨益，因此， 品牌引入費於服務期內攤銷。

估計不確定因素

有關未來之主要假設以及其他於報告 期末會為下一個財政年度資產與負債 賬面值帶來重大調整風險之主要估計 不確定因素概述如下。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS (Continued) 3. 重大會計判斷及估計 （續）

Estimation uncertainty  (Continued)

Impairment of goodwill

The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was RMB29,101,000 (2021: RMB29,101,000). Further details are set out in note 16.

Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Non-financial assets with finite useful lives are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm's length transaction of similar assets, observable market prices, transaction prices of similar assets with adjustments to reflect any changes in economic conditions since the date of the transactions that occurred at those prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset, or other valuation techniques, as appropriate, less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or CGU unit using key assumptions such as growth rates, budgeted revenue and general price inflation, and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amounts of non-financial assets with finite useful lives are disclosed in notes 14 and 15.

Determination of incremental borrowing rates of lease contracts

In determining incremental borrowing rates of lease contracts, the Group applies judgement to determine the applicable rates, taking into account the nature of the underlying assets, the terms and condition of the leases, creditworthiness of the relevant group entities and economic environment, at both the commencement date and the effective date of the modification to  calculate the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rates of the Group applied significantly affect the amounts of lease liabilities and right-of-use assets recognised.

估計不確定因素 （續）

商譽減值

本集團至少每年釐定一次商譽是否存 在減值。釐定商譽是否減值須對獲分 配商譽之現金產生單位之使用價值作 出估計。本集團就使用價值之估計須 對來自現金產生單位之預期未來現金 流量進行估算，並選擇適當之貼現率 以計算該等現金流量之現值。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日之商譽賬面值 為人民幣 29,101,000 元（二零二一年： 人民幣 29,101,000 元） 。進一步詳情載 於財務報表附註 16 。

非金融資產 （商譽除外） 減值

本集團於各報告期末評估所有非金融 資產（包括使用權資產）有否任何減值 跡象。於有跡象顯示賬面值可能無法 收回時會對可使用年期有限的非金融 資產進行減值檢測。倘資產或現金產 生單位的賬面值超逾其可收回金額 （即 其公平值減出售成本與其使用價值的 較高者） ，則視為已減值。公平值減出 售成本按自同類資產公平交易中具約 束力的銷售交易的可得數據、可觀察 市價、同類資產的交易價 （經調整以反 映自以該等價格進行交易當日以來經 濟狀況出現的任何變動） 減出售資產的 增量成本或其他估值方法（倘合適）減 出售資產的增量成本計算。倘採用使 用價值計算，則管理層須採用關鍵假 設 （如增長率、預算收益及一般價格波 動） 估計資產或現金產生單位的預計未 來現金流量，並選取合適的貼現率以 計算該等現金流量的現值。可使用年 期有限的非金融資產的賬面值於附註 14 及 15 披露。

釐定租賃合約的增量借款利率

於釐定租賃合約的增量借款利率時， 本集團於租賃開始日期及修改生效日 期，經計及相關資產的性質、租賃條 款及條件、相關集團實體信譽以及經 濟環境，就釐定計算租賃付款的現值 的適用比率運用判斷。本集團採用的 增量借款利率對所確認的租賃負債及 使用權資產金額有重大影響。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS (Continued) 3. 重大會計判斷及估計 （續）

Estimation uncertainty  (Continued)

Provision for medical dispute claims

The Group may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, which primarily include medical dispute claims brought by the former patients. Provision for medical dispute claims is made based on the status of potential and active claims outstanding at the end of each year, and taking into consideration the assessment and analysis of external experts and the total claim exposure. Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or nonoccurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had contingent liabilities  arising  from  medical  disputes  of  RMB13,983,000  (2021: RMB7,501,000).

The situation is closely monitored by the directors of the Company and provision will be made as appropriate. Where the final actual claims are greater than expected, a material dispute claims expense may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a claim takes place. The provision for certain medical dispute claims at 31 December 2022 was RMB1,234,000 (2021: RMB1,897,000). Further details are set out in note 22.

估計不確定因素 （續）

醫療糾紛索賠撥備

本集團可能面臨日常業務過程中產生 的法律訴訟及索賠，主要包括前病人 提出的醫療糾紛索賠。醫療糾紛索賠 的撥備是根據每年年底潛在及未了結 索賠而作出，並考慮到外聘專家的評 估和分析及索賠總額。如果可能不需 要經濟利益流出或無法靠估計該金額， 則將有關責任披露為或然負債，除非 經濟利益流出的可能性極低。

或然負債為過往事件產生的可能責任， 或然負債是否存在將僅透過發生或不 發生並非全部屬於本集團控制範圍內 的一項或更多不確定的未來事件所確 認。於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 本集團因醫療糾紛產生的或然負債為 人民幣 13,983,000 元（二零二一年：人 民幣 7,501,000 元） 。

本公司董事密切監控相關情況及將會 適時作出撥備。倘最終實際索賠高於 預期，則可能產生重大糾紛索賠開支， 而這可能於有關索賠發生期間的損益 內確認。於二零二二年十二月三十一 日，若干醫療糾紛索賠的撥備為約人 民幣 1,234,000 元（二零二一年：人民 幣 1,897,000 元） 。進一步詳情載於附註 22 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATIONS (Continued) 3. 重大會計判斷及估計 （續）

Estimation uncertainty  (Continued)

Estimated allowance for inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The Group regularly reviews its inventory levels in order to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories. When the Group identifies items of inventories which have a net realisable value that is lower than its carrying amount, the Group estimates the amount of write-down of inventories as allowance for inventories. If the net realisable value of inventories of the Group becomes lower than its carrying amount subsequently, additional allowance may be required. The carrying amount of inventories at 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB86,746,000 (2021: RMB83,939,000). Further details are set out in note 17.

Provision for ECL for accounts and other receivables

The Group collectively assesses ECLs for accounts and other receivables, except for certain credit-impaired debtors which are assessed for ECLs individually. The measurement of ECL under IFRS 9 for the Group's accounts and other receivables requires judgement on, in particular, the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining impairment losses and the assessment of any significant increase in credit risk. These estimates are driven by a number of factors, where the change of the factors which result in different levels of allowances, a lower/higher impairment loss may arise. The Group uses an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions to estimate the probability of default, the loss given default and the impact on the forward-looking information. At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk for exposures since initial recognition by comparing the risk of default occurring over the expected life between the reporting date and the date of initial recognition. The Group considers reasonable, supportable and available information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort for this purpose. This includes quantitative and qualitative information and also forward-looking analysis.

The information about the ECLs on the Group's accounts and other receivables is set out in note 38.

估計不確定因素 （續）

存貨的估計撥備

存貨按成本與可變現淨值兩者較低者 計價。本集團定期檢討其存貨水平， 以辨別滯銷及陳舊存貨。當本集團發 現存貨項目的可變現淨值低於其賬 面值時，本集團估計撇減存貨的數目 以作出存貨撥備。倘其後本集團的存 貨可變現淨值低於其賬面值，可能須 計提額外撥備。於二零二二年十二月 三十一日，存貨的賬面值為約人民幣 86,746,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 83,939,000 元） 。進一步詳情載於附註 17 。

應收賬款及其他應收款項的預期信貸 虧損撥備

本集團共同評估賬款及其他應收款項 的預期信貸虧損，但個別評估預期信 貸虧損的若干信貸減值應收賬款除外。 根據國際財務報告準則第 9 號計量本 集團應收賬款及其他應收款項的預期 信貸虧損時，尤其需要在釐定減值虧 損時對未來現金流量的金額及時間作 出估計，以及評估任何信貸風險的重 大增加。該等估計是由多個因素所驅 動，其中導致不同撥備水平的因素改 變，可能會出現較低╱較高的減值虧 損。本集團使用其對當前及預測的一 般經濟狀況的評估，估計違約的可能 性、違約造成的損失以及對前瞻性資 料的影響。於各報告期末，本集團通 過比較報告日期與首次確認日期之間 預期年限內發生的違約風險，評估自 首次確認以來風險敞口的信貸風險是 否大幅增加。本集團就此考慮相關及 無需過多成本或精力即可獲得的合理 可作依據的可得資料。這包括定量及 定性資料，亦包括前瞻性分析。

有關本集團應收賬款及其他應收款項 的預期信貸虧損撥備的資料載於附註 38 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 4. 經營分部資料

為進行資源分配及評估分部表現而向 本公司執行董事（即主要經營決策者 （ 「主要經營決策者」 ） ） 提供的資料側重 於所提供服務的類型。

就管理而言，本集團根據產品及服務 劃分業務單位，並有以下四個可呈報 經營分部：

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker (the 'CODM'), for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on the types of services provided.

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has four reportable operating segments as follows:

| - (a) Hospital services:  Provision of hospital services including: ( i )   i npatient  healthcare  services  which generally refer to the treatment of patients who are hospitalised overnight or for an indeterminate period of time; (ii) outpatient healthcare services generally refer to the treatment of patients who are hospitalised for  less  than  24  hours;  and (iii)  physical examination services which generally refer to  the  clinical  examination of individuals for signs of diseases and health advisory services.  - (b) Rehabilitation and other healthcare services:  Provision of rehabilitation services generally refers  to  the  provision  of  special  care services to patients with permanent or long-term physical or mental disabilities. Other healthcare services include elderly healthcare and training services for the disabled.  - (c) Elderly healthcare services:  Provision of elderly healthcare services, including assisted living, adult daycare, long- term care, residential care and hospice care to the aged patients.  - (d) products:  - Sale of pharmaceutical  Sales of pharmaceutical products to patients of  the  Group's  hospitals  and  outside customers.  (a) 醫院  服務：  提供的醫院服務包括：  (i) 住院醫療服務，一般 指為過夜或不定時入 院的病人提供治療； (ii) 門診醫療服務，一般 指為入院少於 24 小時 的病人提供治療；及 (iii) 體檢服務，一般指為 個人提供有關疾病徵 兆的臨床檢驗及保健 諮詢服務。  - (b) 康復及  其他  醫療  服務：  提供康復服務一般指 向永久或長期身體或 精神殘疾的患者提供 特殊護理服務。其他 醫療服務包括老年護 理及殘疾人士訓練服  務。  - (c) 老年醫療  服務：  提供老年醫療服務， 包括生活輔助、成人 日托、長期護理、住 院護理及老年病人的 臨終關懷。  - (d) 藥品  銷售：  向本集團醫院的患者 及外部客戶銷售藥品。   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These operating segments also represent the Group's reportable segments. No operating segments identified by the CODM have been aggregated in arriving at the reportable segments of the Group.

該等經營分部亦代表本集團的可呈報 分部。於釐定本集團的可呈報分部時， 概無合併主要經營決策者確定的經營 分部。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Segment revenues and results

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue and results by operating segments:

Year ended 31 December 2022

## 4. 經營分部資料 （續）

分部收益及業績

以下為按經營分部劃分的本集團收益 及業績分析：

<!-- formula-not-decoded -->

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Segment revenue  分部收益  External sales  外部銷售  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633  Segment profit  分部溢利  238,533  18,762  4,055  261,350  Other income  其他收入  54,858  Other expenses, gains and  losses, net  其他開支、收益及虧損  淨額  677  Net provision for impairment  losses under the expected credit  loss model  預期信貸虧損模式  項下之減值虧損  撥備淨額  (4,210)  Administrative expenses  行政開支  (228,323)  Finance costs  融資成本  (15,043)  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  69,309   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 4. 經營分部資料 （續）

分部收益及業績 （續）

截至二零二一年十二月三十一日 止年度

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Segment revenues and results  (Continued)

Year ended 31 December 2021

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Sale of  pharmaceutical  products  藥品銷售  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  (note)  （附註）  Segment revenue  分部收益  External sales  外部銷售  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944  Segment profit  分部溢利  316,669  16,273  4,178  116  337,236  Other income  其他收入  45,149  Other expenses, gains and  losses, net  其他開支、收益及虧損  淨額  (5,210)  Net provision for impairment  losses under the expected credit  loss model  預期信貸虧損模式  項下之減值虧損  撥備淨額  (2,931)  Administrative expenses  行政開支  (225,223)  Finance costs  融資成本  (19,812)  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  129,209   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  During the year ended 31 December 2021, impairment loss on goodwill of RMB15,512,000 is allocated to the hospital services segment.

There were no inter-segment sales during both years.

附註： 截至二零二一年十二月三十一日止年 度，商譽減值虧損人民幣 15,512,000 元分配至醫院服務分部。

於兩個年度並無分部間銷售。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies described in note 2.4. Segment profit represents the profit earned by each segment without allocation of other income, other expenses, gains and losses, net, net provision for impairment losses under the expected credit loss model, administrative expenses and finance costs. This is the information reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

Except as disclosed above, no other amounts are regularly provided to the CODM of the Group and therefore, no further analysis is presented.

## Segment assets and liabilities

The CODM makes decisions according to the operating results of each segment. No analysis of segment assets and segment liabilities is presented as the CODM does not regularly review such information for the purposes of resources allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, only segment revenue and segment results are presented.

## Geographical information and information about major customers

All revenues are generated in the PRC where almost all of the non-current assets of the Group are located. The Group has a highly diversified patient portfolio. No single patient contributed over 10% to the Group's total revenue during both years.

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

## 4. 經營分部資料 （續）

經營分部的會計政策與附註 2.4 所述本 集團會計政策相同。分部溢利指各分 部所賺取的溢利，而並無分配其他收 入、其他開支、收益及虧損淨額、預 期信貸虧損模式項下之減值虧損撥備 淨額、行政開支及融資成本。此乃本 集團就資源分配及表現評估而呈報予 主要經營決策者的資料。

除上文所披露者外，並無其他金額定 期提供予本集團主要經營決策者，故 並無呈列進一步分析。

## 分部資產及負債

主要經營決策者根據各分部的經營業 績作出決策。並無呈列分部資產及分 部負債分析，因為主要經營決策者就 資源分配及表現評估而言並不定期審 閱該等資料。因此，僅呈列分部收益 及分部業績。

地理資料及有關主要客戶的資料

所有收益均來自中國，而本集團幾乎 所有非流動資產位於中國。本集團的 病人組合高度分散。並無單一病人於 兩個年度對本集團總收益貢獻 10% 以上。

## 5. 收益及其他收入

本集團收益分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue from contracts with customers  客戶合約收益  1,845,633  1,953,944   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益

(a) 分拆收益資料

以下為本集團按經營分部劃分的 收益分析：

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers

(a) Disaggregated revenue information

The following is an analysis of the Group's revenue by operating segments:

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Types of goods or services  貨品或服務類型  Hospital services:  醫院服務：  - Inpatient healthcare services  －住院醫療服務  927,086  -  -  927,086  - Outpatient healthcare services  －門診醫療服務  640,699  -  -  640,699  - Physical examination services  －體檢服務  153,677  -  -  153,677  1,721,462  -  -  1,721,462  Rehabilitation and other healthcare  services:  康復及其他醫療  服務：  - Rehabilitation hospital and  other healthcare services  －康復醫院及其他  醫療服務  -  53,093  -  53,093  - Rehabilitation centre services and  other services  －康復中心服務及  其他服務  -  58,621  -  58,621  -  111,714  -  111,714  Elderly healthcare services  老年醫療服務  -  -  12,457  12,457  Sale of pharmaceutical products  藥品銷售  -  -  -  -  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633  Timing of revenue recognition  收益確認時間  Services transferred overtime  已轉移服務隨時間  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

(a) Disaggregated revenue information  (Continued)

Year ended 31 December 2021

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

(a) 分拆收益資料 （續）

截至二零二一年十二月三十一日 止年度

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Sale of  pharmaceutical  products  藥品銷售  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Types of goods or services  貨品或服務類型  Hospital services:  醫院服務：  - Inpatient healthcare services  －住院醫療服務  1,079,632  -  -  -  1,079,632  - Outpatient healthcare services  －門診醫療服務  616,776  -  -  -  616,776  - Physical examination services  －體檢服務  143,067  -  -  -  143,067  1,839,475  -  -  -  1,839,475  Rehabilitation and other healthcare  services:  康復及其他醫療  服務：  - Rehabilitation hospital and  other healthcare services  －康復醫院及其他  醫療服務  -  40,841  -  -  40,841  - Rehabilitation centre services and  other services  －康復中心服務及  其他服務  -  60,666  -  -  60,666  -  101,507  -  -  101,507  Elderly healthcare services  老年醫療服務  -  -  12,236  -  12,236  Sale of pharmaceutical products  藥品銷售  -  -  -  726  726  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944  Timing of revenue recognition  收益確認時間  Services transferred overtime  隨時間轉移的服務  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  -  1,953,218  Goods transferred at a point in time  於某一時間點轉移的  貨品  -  -  -  726  726  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

(a) 分拆收益資料 （續）

下文載列客戶合約收益與分部資 料所披露金額的對賬：

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

(a) Disaggregated revenue information  (Continued)

Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts disclosed in the segment information:

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue from contracts with  customers  客戶合約收益  External customers  外部客戶  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633  Total revenue from contracts  with customers  客戶合約的總  收益  1,721,462  111,714  12,457  1,845,633   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

- (a) Disaggregated revenue information  (Continued)

Year ended 31 December 2021

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

(a) 分拆收益資料 （續）

<!-- formula-not-decoded -->

| Hospital  services  醫院服務  Rehabilitation  and other  healthcare  services  康復及其他  醫療服務  Elderly  healthcare  services  老年醫療服務  Sale of  pharmaceutical  products  銷售藥品  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Revenue from contracts with  customers  客戶合約收益  External customers  外部客戶  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944  Total revenue from contracts  with customers  客戶合約的總  收益  1,839,475  101,507  12,236  726  1,953,944  The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised for the year that were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year:  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Hospital services  醫院服務  32,704  30,950  Rehabilitation and other healthcare  services  康復及其他醫療服務  10,786  16,054  Elderly healthcare services  老年醫療服務  787  1,122  44,277  48,126  下表載列計入年初合約負債的年  內已確認收益金額：   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

## (b) 履約責任

## 有關本集團履約責任的資料概述 如下：

提供醫院服務、提供康復及其他 醫療服務及提供老年醫療服務

本集團提供醫院服務、康復及其 他醫療服務及老年醫療服務。履 約責任指提供該等服務，並於提 供該等服務時予以滿足。由於本 集團有權根據相關經營表現向病 患收取其服務收入，而病患同時 收取及消耗本集團履約表現所提 供的利益，故此等服務確認為隨 時間而履行的履約責任。

所有醫院服務、康復及其他醫療 服務以及老年醫療服務的期限為 一年或更短。根據國際財務報告 準則第 15 號的規定，未披露分配 至該等未履行合約的交易價格。

藥品銷售

本集團向客戶銷售藥品並包括單 一元素作為藥品交付。除交付貨 品外，本公司董事認為並無識別 任何其他獨立履約責任。銷售藥 品收益在交付貨品及所有權通過 後確認為銷售貨品。

本集團已根據國際財務報告準則 第 15 號採用實際權宜之計，不包 括本集團在履行原預期期限為一 年或更短的合同的剩餘履約義務 時有權獲得的收入資料。

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

## (b) Performance obligations

## I nformation  about  the  Group's  performance  obligations  is summarised below:

Provision of hospital services, provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services and provision of elderly healthcare services

The Group provides hospital services, rehabilitation and other healthcare services and elderly healthcare services. The performance obligation represents the provision of these services, which is satisfied when these services are rendered. Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group is entitled to receive its service income according to the relevant operating performance from the patients and the patients simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs.

All hospital services, rehabilitation and other healthcare services, and elderly healthcare services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

## Sale of pharmaceutical products

The Group sells pharmaceutical products to customers and includes a single element which is the delivery of pharmaceutical products. The directors of the Company considered no other separate performance obligation is identified except for delivery of goods. The revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical products is recognised as sales of goods when the goods are delivered and titles have been passed.

The Group has applied the practical expedient under IFRS 15 and does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfied the remaining performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 5. REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

Revenue from contracts with customers  (Continued)

An analysis of other income is as follows:

## 5. 收益及其他收入 （續）

客戶合約收益 （續）

其他收入分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Government subsidies  政府補貼  i  5,730  11,186  Investment income from financial assets  at fair value through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融  資產的投資收入  ii  13,285  8,612  Compensation pursuant to a profit  guarantee given by a shareholder of a  subsidiary  根據一名附屬公司的股東  提供的溢利保證的賠償  -  6,520  Clinical trial and related income  臨床試驗及相關收入  10,853  4,842  Fixed operating lease income  固定經營租賃收入  3,851  3,873  Bank and other interest income  銀行及其他利息收入  3,226  1,869  COVID-19-related rent concessions  COVID-19  相關租金優惠  iii  7,396  -  Others  其他  10,517  8,247  54,858  45,149   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The government subsidies mainly represent subsidies on costs incurred for operation of rehabilitation centres and hospitals, research and development projects, medical related seminars and other COVID-19-related subsidies with no unfulfilled conditions attached.
- (ii) The amount represents investment income mainly in the form of dividend income or interest income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
- (iii) The COVID-19-related rent concessions represents the rent concessions granted by the related parties of the Group during the year as set out in note 33(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

附註：

- (i) 政府補貼主要指無附帶未履行條件 的康復中心及醫院的運營、研發項目、 醫療相關講座產生的成本的補貼以 及其他 COVID-19 相關補貼。
- (ii) 該金額指主要以按公平值計入損益 的金融資產的股息收入或利息收入 形式的投資收入。
- (iii) COVID-19 相關租金優惠指本集團關聯 方於年內授予的租金優惠（誠如綜合 財務報表附註 33(a) 所載） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 6. 其他開支、收益及虧損淨額

## 6. OTHER EXPENSES, GAINS AND LOSSES, NET

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Fair value loss on financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  公平值虧損  (4,436)  (2,328)  Net exchange gain/(loss)  匯兌收益╱ （虧損） 淨額  5,907  (2,290)  Loss on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  出售物業、廠房及設備的虧損  (579)  (451)  Donations  捐款  (215)  (141)  677  (5,210)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

## 7. 融資成本

融資成本的分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Interest on bank loans  銀行貸款利息  18,558  17,991  Interest on lease liabilities  租賃負債利息  9,738  11,479  28,296  29,470  Less: Amount capitalised in property, plant  and equipment  減：  於物業、廠房及設備  資本化的金額  (13,253)  (9,658)  15,043  19,812   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The capitalised borrowing costs represent the borrowing costs incurred by a subsidiary on borrowings raised specifically for the construction in progress during the year.

資本化借款成本指附屬公司於年內專 門就在建工程所籌集的借款產生的借 款成本。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 8. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

The Group's profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

## 8. 除稅前溢利

本集團之除稅前溢利經扣除下列項目 後達致：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Directors' emoluments (note 9)  董事酬金 （附註  9  ）  3,103  3,040  Other staff costs  #  :  其他員工成本  #  ：  Supervisors' emoluments (note 9)  監事酬金 （附註  9  ）  886  918  Other salaries, allowances and bonus  其他薪金、津貼及花紅  588,170  532,696  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  (defined contribution scheme)*  退休福利計劃供款  （界定供款計劃）  *  32,173  31,979  Total staff costs  員工總成本  624,332  568,633  Cost of inventories recognised as expenses  (representing pharmaceutical products,  consumables and others used) #  確認為開支的存貨成本  （指所用藥品、耗材及其他）  #  814,510  875,486  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment #  物業、廠房及設備折舊  #  113,007  113,603  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  #  使用權資產折舊  #  36,434  35,840  Research and development expenditure  研發開支  1,096  835  Short-term lease expenses  短期租賃開支  1,445  2,279  Variable lease rentals in respect of hospitals  #  與醫院有關的可變租賃租金  #  6,015  11,136  Auditor's remuneration  核數師酬金  1,650  1,696   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# The cost of revenue for the year amounted to RMB1,584,283,000 (2021: RMB1,601,196,000), mainly included cost of inventories of RMB814,510,000 (2021: RMB875,486,000), depreciation of property, plant and equipment of  RMB90,500,000 (2021: RMB89,165,000), depreciation of right-of-use assets of RMB23,258,000 (2021: RMB22,671,000), variable lease rentals of RMB4,321,000 (2021: RMB9,705,000) and other staff costs of RMB535,384,000 (2021: RMB494,998,000).

* There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce its contributions in future years (2021: Nil).

#

年內收入成本達人民幣 1,584,283,000 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 1,601,196,000 元），主要包括存貨成本人民幣 814,510,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 875,486,000 元） 、物業、廠房及設備 折舊人民幣 90,500,000 元（二零二一 年：人民幣 89,165,000 元） 、使用權 資產折舊人民幣 23,258,000 元（二零 二一年：人民幣 22,671,000 元） 、可 變租賃租金人民幣 4,321,000 元（二零 二一年：人民幣 9,705,000 元）及其他 員工成本人民幣 535,384,000 元 （二零 二一年：人民幣 494,998,000 元） 。

*

並無已沒收供款可供本集團（作為僱 主）用以減少未來年度供款水平（二 零二一年：零） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 9. 董事、行政總裁及監事酬金

於兩個年度，王君揚先生、陳旺枝先生、 王偉雄先生、王愛勤女士及呂玉波先 生為本公司董事。陳旺枝先生亦為本 集團的行政總裁，下文所披露彼的酬 金包括彼作為行政總裁所提供服務的 酬金。

於兩個年度，楊銘澧先生、陳可冀醫 生及陳星能先生為本公司獨立非執行 董事。

根據香港上市規則、香港公司條例第 383(1)(a) 、 (b) 、 (c) 及 (f) 條及公司（披露董 事利益資料）規例第 2 部，本年度執行 董事、非執行董事、獨立非執行董事 及監事酬金披露如下：

## 9. DIRECTORS', CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND SUPERVISORS' EMOLUMENTS

Mr. Wang Junyang, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Mr. Wong Wai Hung, Ms. Wang Aiqin and Mr. Lv Yubo are the directors of the Company for both years. Mr. Chen Wangzhi is also the chief executive of the Group and his emoluments disclosed below include those for services rendered by him as the chief executive.

Mr. Yeung Ming Lai, Dr. Chen Keji and Mr. Chan Sing Nun are the independent non-executive directors of the Company for both years.

Executive directors', non-executive director's, independent non-executive directors' and supervisors' emoluments for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| Fees  袍金  Salaries and  allowances  薪金及  津貼  Performance  related  bonuses  表現相關獎金  Retirement  benefit  scheme  contributions  退休福利  計劃供款  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Year ended 31 December 2022  截至二零二二年十二月  三十一日止年度  Executive directors:  執行董事：  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Chen Wangzhi  陳旺枝先生  180  1,224  648  29  2,081  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  王偉雄先生  180  -  -  -  180  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  180  120  -  2  302  Non-executive director:  非執行董事：  Mr. Lv Yubo  呂玉波先生  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors:  獨立非執行董事：  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  120  -  -  -  120  Dr. Chen Keji  陳可冀醫生  120  -  -  -  120  Mr. Chan Sing Nun  陳星能先生  120  -  -  -  120  Directors' emoluments  董事酬金  1,080  1,344  648  31  3,103  Supervisors:  監事：  Mr. Chen Shaoming  陳少明先生  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Wang Shaofeng  王少鋒先生  -  152  78  15  245  Mr. Yue Chunyang  岳春陽先生  -  294  325  22  641  Supervisors' emoluments  監事酬金  -  446  403  37  886  1,080  1,790  1,051  68  3,989   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 9. DIRECTORS' CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S AND SUPERVISORS' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## 9. 董事、行政總裁及監事酬金 （續）

| Fees  袍金  Salaries and  allowances  薪金及  津貼  Performance  related  bonuses  表現相關獎金  Retirement  benefit  scheme  contributions  退休福利  計劃供款  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Year ended 31 December 2021  截至二零二一年十二月  三十一日止年度  Executive directors:  執行董事：  Mr. Wang Junyang  王君揚先生  180  -  -  -  180  Mr. Chen Wangzhi  陳旺枝先生  180  1,153  657  25  2,015  Mr. Wong Wai Hung  王偉雄先生  180  -  -  -  180  Ms. Wang Aiqin  王愛勤女士  180  120  -  5  305  Non-executive director:  非執行董事：  Mr. Lv Yubo  呂玉波先生  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors:  獨立非執行董事：  Mr. Yeung Ming Lai  楊銘澧先生  120  -  -  -  120  Dr. Chen Keji  陳可冀醫生  120  -  -  -  120  Mr. Chan Sing Nun  陳星能先生  120  -  -  -  120  Directors' emoluments  董事酬金  1,080  1,273  657  30  3,040  Supervisors:  監事：  Mr. Chen Shaoming  陳少明先生  -  -  -  -  -  Mr. Wang Shaofeng  王少鋒先生  -  186  55  13  254  Mr. Yue Chunyang  岳春陽先生  -  252  393  19  664  Supervisors' emoluments  監事酬金  -  438  448  32  918  1,080  1,711  1,105  62  3,958   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The executive directors' emoluments shown above are for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.

The non-executive director's and independent non-executive directors' emoluments shown above are for their services as directors of the Company. There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).

Mr. Lv Yubo has waived emoluments in acting as a non-executive director of the Company during both years. No other director of the Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during both years.

上文所示執行董事的酬金乃就其管理 本公司及本集團事務提供的服務而支付。

上文所示非執行董事及獨立非執行董 事的酬金乃就其作為本公司董事提供 的服務而支付。年內，概無其他應付 獨立非執行董事的酬金 （二零二一年： 無） 。

呂玉波先生已於兩個年度放棄作為本 公司非執行董事的酬金。於兩個年度 本公司無其他董事放棄或同意放棄任 何酬金。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 10. 五名最高薪酬僱員

年內，五名最高薪酬僱員包括一名董 事（二零二一年：一名董事） ，其薪酬 詳情載於上文附註 9 。年內，餘下四名 （二零二一年：四名）既不是本公司董 事亦非最高行政人員的最高薪酬僱員 的薪酬詳情如下：

## 10. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2021: one director), details of whose remuneration are set out in note 9 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2021: four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Salaries and allowances  薪金及津貼  4,196  2,804  Performance related bonuses  表現相關獎金  3,493  3,007  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  退休福利計劃供款  41  9  7,730  5,820   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

薪酬介乎以下範圍的非董事及非執行 總裁的最高薪酬僱員人數如下：

| Number of employees  僱員人數  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  1,500,001  港元至  2,000,000  港元  4  4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office for both years.

於兩個年度，本集團並無向本公司董 事或五名最高薪酬人士 （包括董事及僱 員） 支付酬金作為吸引彼等加入本集團 或加入本集團時的報酬或作為離職補償。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the 'EIT Law') and the Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, a subsidiary which operates in Mainland China is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25% on the taxable income for both years. Certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China are regarded as 'small and micro enterprises' and, accordingly, were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 2.5% to 10% for both years.

On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the 'Bill') which introduced the twotiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2,000,000 of profits of the qualifying group entity are taxed at 8.25% and profits above HK$2,000,000 are taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime are taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax for the qualifying group entity is  calculated  at  8.25%  on  the  first  HK$2,000,000  of  the  estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2,000,000.

## 11. 所得稅開支

根據中國企業所得稅法（ 「企業所得稅 法」 ） 及企業所得稅法的實施條例，於 中國內地經營之附屬公司須就兩個年 度應課稅收入按稅率 25% 繳納企業所 得稅。本集團於中國內地的若干附屬 公司被視為「小微企業」 ，且因此於兩 個年度享有 2.5% 至 10% 的優惠所得稅 率。

於二零一八年三月二十一日，香港立 法會通過《二零一七年稅務（修訂） （第 7 號）條例草案》 （ 「該條例草案」 ） ，引 入利得稅兩級制。該條例草案於二零 一八年三月二十八日經簽署成為法律， 並於翌日刊憲。根據利得稅兩級制， 合資格集團實體首 2,000,000 港元溢利 的稅率為 8.25% ，而超過 2,000,000 港 元溢利的稅率為 16.5% 。不符合利得稅 兩級制資格的集團實體之溢利按 16.5% 統一稅率納稅。

因此，合資格集團實體首 2,000,000 港 元估計應課稅溢利及 2,000,000 港元以 上的估計應課稅溢利乃分別按 8.25% 及 16.5% 稅率計算香港利得稅。

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  PRC Enterprise Income Tax ('EIT')  中國企業所得稅 （ 「企業所得稅」 ）  Current tax  即期稅項  42,016  61,505  Under/(over)-provision of EIT  in prior years  過往年度企業所得稅  撥備不足╱ （超額撥備）  330  (402)  42,346  61,103  Current tax of Hong Kong Profits Tax  香港利得稅即期稅項  56  72  Under/(over)-provision of Hong Kong Profits  Tax in prior years  過往年度香港利得稅  撥備不足╱ （超額撥備）  22  (153)  42,424  61,022  Deferred tax (credit)/charge (note 25)  遞延稅項 （抵免） ╱支出 （附註  25  ）  (851)  1,262  41,573  62,284   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 11. 所得稅開支 （續）

採用本公司主要營業地點及大部分附 屬公司所屬地中國內地之法定稅率計 算之除稅前溢利適用之稅項開支，與 稅項開支對賬如下：

## 11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before taxation at the statutory rate for Mainland China in which the principle place of the business of the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense is as follows:

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Profit before taxation  除稅前溢利  69,309  129,209  Tax at PRC EIT rate of 25%  按  25%  的中國企業所得稅率  徵收稅項  17,327  32,302  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  不可扣稅開支  3,565  5,337  Income not taxable for tax purposes  毋須課稅收入  (2,588)  (339)  Tax losses not recognised  未確認稅項虧損  25,655  29,267  Concessionary tax rate  優惠稅率  (176)  (2,601)  Utilisation of deductible temporary differences  previously not recognised  動用先前未確認的可扣減  暫時差額  (193)  (265)  Utilisation of tax losses previously not  recognised  動用過往未確認的稅項虧損  (1,975)  (515)  Under/(over)-provision of EIT in prior years  過往年度企業所得稅  撥備不足╱ （超額撥備）  330  (402)  Under/(over)-provision of Hong Kong Profits  Tax in prior years  過往年度香港利得稅  撥備不足╱ （超額撥備）  22  (153)  Effect of different tax rate of a subsidiary  operating in other jurisdiction  在其他司法權區經營的附屬公司  不同稅率之影響  (125)  (147)  Others  其他  (269)  (200)  Income tax expense  所得稅開支  41,573  62,284   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. DIVIDEND

No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: nil), nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period.

## 12. 股息

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年 度並無對本公司普通股東派付或建議 派付股息（二零二一年：無） ，自報告 期末起亦無建議派付任何股息。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the Year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY 13. 本公司擁有人應佔每股盈利

The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 334,394,000 (2021: 334,394,000) in issue during the year.

The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on:

每股基本盈利金額乃基於本公司擁有 人應佔年內溢利計算，而年內已發行 普通股加權平均數為 334,394,000 股 （二 零二一年： 334,394,000 股） 。

每股基本盈利的計算乃基於：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Earnings:  盈利：  Profit for the year attributable to owners of the  Company for the purpose of calculating  earnings per share  用於計算每股盈利的本公司  擁有人應佔本年度溢利  61,032  94,307  Number of shares  股份數目  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Number of shares:  股份數目：  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  for the purpose of calculating basic earnings  per share  用於計算每股基本盈利的  普通股加權平均數  334,394,000  334,394,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. The diluted earnings per share amount is the same as the basic earnings per share amount for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

截至二零二二年及二零二一年十二月 三十一日止年度，本集團並無已發行 潛在攤薄普通股。由於截至二零二二 年及二零二一年十二月三十一日止年 度每股攤薄盈利金額與每股基本盈利 金額相同。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 14. 物業、廠房及設備

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvement  Medical  equipment  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Construction  in progress  Total  樓宇  租賃裝修  醫療設備  辦公設備  汽車  在建工程  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  COST  成本  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  205,100  410,077  614,650  137,594  16,615  181,541  1,565,577  Additions  添置  -  18,451  40,519  9,094  1,411  99,849  169,324  Disposals/write-off  出售╱撇銷  -  -  (9,190)  (2,931)  (487)  -  (12,608)  Transfers  轉讓  -  43,030  -  -  -  (43,030)  -  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  二零二二年一月一日  205,100  471,558  645,979  143,757  17,539  238,360  1,722,293  Acquisition of a subsidiary  收購一間附屬公司  -  -  -  860  -  -  860  Additions  添置  -  32,172  33,394  7,889  105  94,474  168,034  Disposals/write-off  出售╱撇銷  -  -  (13,378)  (4,912)  (1,735)  -  (20,025)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  205,100  503,730  665,995  147,594  15,909  332,834  1,871,162  ACCUMULATED  DEPRECIATION  累計折舊  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  12,847  120,529  363,305  82,487  10,137  -  589,305  Provided during the year  年內撥備  5,316  25,177  67,848  13,353  1,909  -  113,603  Write-back of depreciation  upon disposals/write-off  於出售╱撇銷時的折舊  回撥  -  -  (8,974)  (2,525)  (479)  -  (11,978)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  二零二二年一月一日  18,163  145,706  422,179  93,315  11,567  -  690,930  Provided during the year  年內撥備  5,315  27,466  65,181  13,248  1,797  -  113,007  Write-back of depreciation  upon disposals/write-off  於出售╱撇銷時的折舊  回撥  -  -  (13,175)  (4,482)  (951)  -  (18,608)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  23,478  173,172  474,185  102,081  12,413  -  785,329  NET CARRYING AMOUNT  賬面淨值  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  181,622  330,558  191,810  45,513  3,496  332,834  1,085,833  At 31 December 2021  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日  186,937  325,852  223,800  50,442  5,972  238,360  1,031,363   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Construction in progress included interest expense of RMB13,253,000 (2021: RMB9,658,000) that was incurred and capitalised during the year.

As at 31 December 2022, the net carrying amount of the Group's property, plant and equipment held under a sales and leaseback arrangement included in medical equipment was RMB21,040,000 (2021: RMB32,218,000) with further details set out in note 24.

## Impairment assessment

The management of the Group conducted impairment assessment on property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital with carrying amount of RMB478,669,000 and RMB140,718,000 (2021:RMB418,701,000 and RMB144,275,000) respectively. The recoverable amounts of these property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are estimated individually.

The recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment and rightof-use assets of Kangxin Hospital has been determined based on a value in use calculation by reference to a valuation report prepared by an independent professional valuer. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management for the next seven (2021: seven) years. Management considered that a forecast period of seven years is appropriate because the investment cycle in the healthcare industry is longer than other industries and in consideration of the medical facility development plan of Kangxin Hospital. Cash flows beyond the seven-year (2021: seven-year) period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3.0% (2021: 3.0%). A pre-tax discount rate of 13.9% (2021: 14.5%) is used for the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital.

## 14. 物業、廠房及設備 （續）

在建工程包括年內發生及已資本化的 利息開支人民幣 13,253,000 元（二零 二一年：人民幣 9,658,000 元） 。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本 集團於售後租回安排項下持有的物 業、廠房及設備的賬面淨值人民幣 21,040,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 32,218,000 元）已計入醫療設備，進一 步詳情載於附註 24 。

減值評估

本集團管理層對康心醫院賬面值分 別為人民幣 478,669,000 元及人民幣 140,718,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 418,701,000 元及人民幣 144,275,000 元） 的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資產 進行減值評估。該等物業、廠房及設 備以及使用權資產的可收回金額單獨 進行估計。

康心醫院的物業、廠房及設備以及使 用權資產的可收回金額已根據使用價 值計算，並參考獨立專業估值師編製 的估值報告釐定。該計算使用基於管 理層批准的未來七年（二零二一年： 七年） 財務預算的現金流量預測。管理 層認為，由於醫療行業的投資週期與 其他行業相比較長，並考慮到康心醫 院醫療設施開發計劃，因此為期七年 的預測期屬合適。超過七年 （二零二一 年：七年）期的現金流量使用 3.0% （二 零二一年： 3.0% ） 的增長率推斷。康心 醫院的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權 資產使用 13.9% （二零二一年： 14.5% ） 的稅前折現率。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 14. 物業、廠房及設備 （續）

減值評估 （續）

計算康心醫院的物業、廠房及設備以 及使用權資產的使用價值時採用假設。 下文載列管理層為進行商譽減值檢測 而預測現金流量時所倚賴的各項關鍵 假設：

| - 預算收益 － 用於釐定分配予預算 收益的價值的基準為 緊接預算年度前一年 內所實現的收益，並 就預期經濟狀況及市 場發展作出調整。  - 折現率 － 所用貼現率並未扣除 稅項，並反映康心醫 院的物業、廠房及設 備以及使用權資產的 特定風險。   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

本公司董事認為，上述任何假設的任 何合理可能的變化均不會導致康心醫 院的物業、廠房及設備以及使用權資 產的賬面值超過其可收回金額。

## 15. 租賃

本集團作為承租人

本集團訂有其營運所用的若干醫院、 辦公場所及員工宿舍的租賃合約。根 據該等土地租賃條款，為從業主獲得 租期為 50 年的租賃土地須預先支付一 次性款項，而無需進行持續付款。租 賃物業的租約以固定期限一至十二年 訂立，但可能有下述的可變租賃付款。

## 14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Impairment assessment (Continued)

Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital. The following describes each key assumption on which management had based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

| Budgeted revenue  - -  The  basis  used  to  determine  the  value assigned to the budgeted revenue was the revenue achieved in the year immediately before  the  budget  year,  adjusted  for expected economic conditions and market development.  - Discount rate - The discount rate used was before tax and reflected specific risks relating to the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, any reasonably possible change in any of the above assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital to exceed its recoverable amount.

## 15. LEASES

The Group as a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for certain of its hospitals, office premises and staff quarters used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire leasehold lands from the owners with lease periods of 50 years and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases for leased properties are entered into for a fixed term of one to twelve years, but may have variable lease payments as described below.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 15. LEASES (Continued)

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:

## 15. 租賃 （續）

## (a) 使用權資產

年內本集團使用權資產之賬面值 及變動如下：

| Leasehold  lands  租賃土地  Leasehold  land and  buildings  租賃土地及  樓宇  Total  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  COST  成本  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  238,714  209,157  447,871  Additions  添置  -  7,128  7,128  Termination of leases  租賃終止  -  (911)  (911)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  二零二二年一月一日  238,714  215,374  454,088  Additions  添置  -  2,217  2,217  Termination of leases  租賃終止  -  (2,230)  (2,230)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  238,714  215,361  454,075  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION  累計折舊  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  7,205  57,821  65,026  Provided for the year  年內撥備  4,949  30,891  35,840  Termination of leases  租賃終止  -  (911)  (911)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  二零二二年一月一日  12,154  87,801  99,955  Provided for the year  年內撥備  4,950  31,484  36,434  Termination of leases  租賃終止  -  (2,230)  (2,230)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  17,104  117,055  134,159  NET CARRYING AMOUNT  賬面淨值  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  221,610  98,306  319,916  At 31 December 2021  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日  226,560  127,573  354,133   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the details of the impairment assessment of the right-of-use assets of Kangxin Hospital, please refer to note 14.

有關康心醫院的使用權資產的減 值評估詳情，請參閱附註 14 。

<!-- image -->

## 15. LEASES (Continued)

## (b) Lease liabilities

The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 15. 租賃 （續）

## (b) 租賃負債

年內租賃負債之賬面值及變動如 下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Carrying amount at 1 January  於一月一日之賬面值  183,691  207,993  New leases  新租賃  2,217  7,128  Interest accrued  應計利息  9,738  11,479  COVID-19-related rent concessions  from lessors  出租人給予的  COVID-19  相關租金優惠  (7,396)  -  Payments  付款  (39,265)  (42,909)  Carrying amount at 31 December  於十二月三十一日之賬面值  148,985  183,691  Analysed into:  分析為：  Current portion  流動部分  41,610  36,490  Non-current portion  非流動部分  107,375  147,201  148,985  183,691   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is presented below:

Lease liabilities payable:

Within one year

Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years

Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years

Within a period of more than five years

應付租賃負債：

一年內

一年以上但不超過兩年的

期間內

兩年以上但不超過五年的

期間內

超過五年的期間內

租賃負債之到期分析列示如下：

2022

二零二二年

RMB'000

人民幣千元

41,610

47,058

57,727

2,590

148,985

2021

二零二一年

RMB'000

人民幣千元

36,490

41,169

102,086

3,946

183,691

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 15. LEASES (Continued)

- (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

## 15. 租賃 （續）

(c) 就租賃於損益確認之金額如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Interest on lease liabilities  租賃負債之利息  9,738  11,479  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  使用權資產之折舊開支  36,434  35,840  Expenses relating to short-term leases  (included in administrative expenses)  與短期租賃有關之開支  （計入行政開支）  1,445  1,529  Expenses relating to short-term leases  (included in cost of revenue)  與短期租賃有關之開支  （計入收益成本）  -  750  Variable lease payments not included in the  measurement of lease liabilities (included  in administrative expenses)  未納入租賃負債計量的可變租賃  付款 （計入行政開支）  1,694  3,352  Variable lease payments not included in the  measurement of lease liabilities (included  in cost of revenue)  未納入租賃負債計量的可變租賃  付款 （計入收益成本）  4,321  7,784  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  於損益確認之總金額  53,632  60,734   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 15. LEASES (Continued)

## (d) Variable lease payments

The Group's lease contracts for hospitals are either with only fixed payments or contain variable lease payments that are based on the gross floor area occupied and minimum annual lease payments that are fixed over the lease terms. The amounts of fixed and variable lease payments paid/payable to relevant lessors are as follows:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 15. 租賃 （續）

## (d) 可變租賃付款

本集團就醫院訂立的租賃合約僅 具有固定付款或包含基於所佔用 總建築面積的可變租賃付款以及 在租期內固定的最低年度租賃付 款。已付╱應付予有關出租人的 固定及可變租賃付款如下：

| Fixed  payments  Variable  payments  Total  payments  固定付款  可變付款  付款總額  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Year ended 31 December 2022  截至二零二二年  十二月三十一日止年度  Leased properties  租賃物業  - without variable lease payments  －無可變租賃付款  6,474  -  6,474  - with variable lease payments  －有可變租賃付款  40,187  6,015  46,202  46,661  6,015  52,676  Year ended 31 December 2021  截至二零二一年  十二月三十一日止年度  Leased properties  租賃物業  - without variable lease payments  －無可變租賃付款  5,352  -  5,352  - with variable lease payments  －有可變租賃付款  37,557  11,136  48,693  42,909  11,136  54,045   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The overall financial effect of using variable payment terms is that higher rental costs are incurred by increasing occupation of gross floor area of relevant properties. Variable rental expenses are expected to continue to represent a similar proportion of gross floor area of relevant properties occupied in future years.

(e) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 29(c).

使用可變付款條款的整體財務影 響為相關物業總建築面積的佔用 增加產生更高的租金成本。於未 來年度，預期可變租金開支持續 佔所佔用相關物業總建築面積的 比例類似。

## (e) 租賃現金流出總額於附註 29(c) 披 露。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 15. LEASES (Continued)

## The Group as a lessor

The Group leases certain of its properties under operating lease arrangements. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB3,851,000 (2021: RMB3,873,000) (see note 5).

As at 31 December 2022, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

## 15. 租賃 （續）

本集團作為出租人

本集團出租其於經營租賃安排項下的 若干物業。本集團於年內確認的租金 收入為人民幣 3,851,000 元（二零二一 年：人民幣 3,873,000 元） （請參閱附註 5 ） 。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集 團根據與其租戶之不可撤銷經營租賃 於未來期間應收之未貼現租賃付款如 下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Within one year  一年內  259  94  After one year but within two years  一年後但兩年內  16  82  After two years but within three years  兩年後但三年內  -  16  275  192   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The leases of the properties with committed tenants are negotiated for terms ranging from one year to three years.

與承諾租戶簽訂的物業租約經協商， 租期為 1 年至 3 年。

<!-- image -->

## 16. GOODWILL

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

16. 商譽

| RMB'000  人民幣千元  At 1 January 2021:  於二零二一年一月一日：  Cost  成本  182,013  Accumulated impairment  累計減值  (137,400)  Net carrying amount  賬面淨值  44,613  Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated impairment  於二零二一年一月一日之成本，扣除累計減值  44,613  Impairment during the year  年內減值  (15,512)  Net carrying amount at 31 December 2021  於二零二一年十二月三十一日的賬面淨值  29,101  At 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and  31 December 2022:  於二零二一年十二月三十一日、  二零二二年一月一日及  二零二二年十二月三十一日：  Cost  成本  182,013  Accumulated impairment  累計減值  (152,912)  Net carrying amount  賬面淨值  29,101   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to Kangxin Hospital CGU and Anhui Hualin CGU for impairment testing.

Due to the prolonged residual impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and potential external challenges, including the intense competition for professional staff, in the Chongqing region, the recoverable amount of the Kangxin Hospital CGU as at the end of the reporting period estimated by management based on the current estimate of value in use has been significantly reduced as compared to the previous estimate. Accordingly, the Group had fully impaired the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the Kangxin Hospital CGU in the previous year.

## 商譽減值檢測

為進行減值檢測，通過業務合併收購 的商譽已分配至康心醫院現金產生單 位及安徽樺霖現金產生單位。

由於受 COVID-19 疫情長期剩餘影響以 及重慶地區潛在的外部挑戰 （包括專業 人員的激烈競爭） ，管理層根據當前對 使用價值的估計而估計得出的康心醫 院現金產生單位於報告期末的可收回 金額較上一次估計大幅減少。因此， 本集團已悉數減值於過往年度分配至 康心醫院現金產生單位的商譽賬面值。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 16. GOODWILL (Continued)

Impairment testing of goodwill  (Continued)

The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to Anhui Hualin CGU is as follows:

## 16. 商譽 （續）

商譽減值檢測 （續）

分配至安徽樺霖現金產生單位的商譽 賬面值如下：

| Anhui Hualin CGU  安徽樺霖現金產生單位  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Carrying amount of goodwill  商譽賬面值  29,101  29,101   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Anhui Hualin CGU

The recoverable amount of the Anhui Hualin CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation by reference to a valuation report prepared by an independent professional valuer. The calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management for the next five (2021: five) years. Cash flows beyond the five-year (2021: fiveyear) period are extrapolated using a growth rate of 3.0% (2021: 3.0%). A pre-tax discount rate of 13.1% (2021: 15.9%) is used for this CGU.

Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the Anhui Hualin CGU. The following describes each key assumption on which management had based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

| Budgeted revenue  -  The  basis  used  to  determine  the  value assigned to the budgeted revenue was the revenue achieved in the year immediately before  the  budget  year,  adjusted  for expected economic conditions and market development.  Discount rate  -  The discount rate used was before tax and  reflected specific risks relating to the Anhui  Hualin CGU.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the opinion of the directors of the Company, any reasonably possible change in any of the above assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the Anhui Hualin CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.

安徽樺霖現金產生單位

安徽樺霖現金產生單位的可收回金額 已根據使用價值計算，並參考獨立專 業估值師編製的估值報告釐定。該計 算使用基於管理層批准的未來五年 （二 零二一年：五年） 財務預算的現金流量 預測。超過五年（二零二一年：五年） 期的現金流量使用 3.0% （二零二一年： 3.0% ） 的增長率推斷。該現金產生單位 使用 13.1% （二零二一年： 15.9% ） 的稅前 折現率。

計算安徽樺霖現金產生單位的使用價 值時採用假設。下文載列管理層為進 行商譽減值檢測而預測現金流量時所 倚賴的各項關鍵假設：

| 預算收益 －  用於釐定分配予預算  收益的價值所採用的  基準為緊接預算年度  前一年內所實現的收  益，並就預期經濟狀  況及市場發展作出調  整。  折現率  －  所用貼現率並未扣除  稅項，並反映安徽樺  霖現金產生單位的特  定風險。   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

本公司董事認為，上述任何假設的任 何合理可能的變化均不會導致安徽樺 霖現金產生單位的賬面值超過其可收 回金額。

<!-- image -->

## 17. INVENTORIES

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 17. 存貨

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Pharmaceutical products  藥品  60,789  56,670  Consumables and others  耗材及其他  25,957  27,269  86,746  83,939   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## 18. 應收賬款及其他應收款項

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Accounts receivable  應收賬款  241,558  235,665  Less: Allowance for credit loss  減：信貸虧損撥備  (11,939)  (9,194)  Total accounts receivable  應收賬款總額  229,619  226,471  Prepayments to suppliers  預付供應商款項  19,315  13,341  Others  其他  34,569  30,293  53,884  43,634  Less: Allowance for credit loss  減：信貸虧損撥備  (2,320)  (1,897)  Total other receivables  其他應收款項總額  51,564  41,737  Total accounts and other receivables  應收賬款及其他應收款項總額  281,183  268,208   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The individual patients of the Group usually settle payments by cash, credit  cards  and  mobile payment or through government's social insurance schemes. For credit card and mobile payments, the banks and counterparties normally settle the amounts approximately 30 days after the transaction date. Payments by the PRC government's social insurance schemes will normally be settled by the local social insurance bureau or similar government departments which are responsible for the reimbursement of medical expenses for patients who are covered by the government's medical insurance schemes ranged from 30 to 180 days from the transaction date. Corporate customers normally settle the amounts within 90 days after the transaction date via bank transfers.

本集團的個人病人一般以現金、信用 卡及手機支付或透過政府社保計劃繳 費。對於信用卡及移動支付，銀行及 交易對手通常會在交易日期後約 30 天 結算賬款。透過中國政府的社保計劃 繳費，則通常須由當地社保局或負責 向辦理政府醫療保險計劃的病人報銷 醫療開支的類似政府部門，自交易日 期起介乎 30 至 180 天內結清。公司客 戶一般於交易日期後 90 天內以銀行轉 賬方式結算款項。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 18. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

An ageing analysis of the accounts receivable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the revenue recognition date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

## 18. 應收賬款及其他應收款項 （續）

基於收益確認日期的應收賬款 （扣除虧 損撥備後） 於報告期末的賬齡分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Within 30 days  30  天以內  103,728  133,762  31 to 90 days  31  至  90  天  64,322  61,106  91 to 180 days  91  至  180  天  15,189  14,273  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  天  16,829  8,905  Over 365 days  超過  365  天  29,551  8,425  229,619  226,471   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of accounts receivable are as follows:

應收賬款減值的虧損撥備變動如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At beginning of year  於年初  9,194  7,694  Provision for impairment losses, net  減值虧損撥備淨額  3,787  1,510  Amount written off as uncollectible  撇銷不可收回金額  (1,042)  (10)  At end of year  於年末  11,939  9,194   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The management of the Group closely monitors the credit quality of accounts receivable and considers the debts that are neither past due nor impaired to be of a good credit quality. Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to the customers for whom there was no history of default.

本集團管理層會密切監察應收賬款的 信貸質素，並認為無逾期亦無減值的 債務具有良好的信貸質素。無逾期亦 無減值的應收款項與眾多並無欠款紀 錄的客戶有關。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 18. 應收賬款及其他應收款項 （續）

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，納入 本集團的應收賬款結餘中的應收賬款 總賬面金額為人民幣 61,569,000 元（二 零二一年：人民幣 31,603,000 元） ，於 報告日期已逾期。在逾期結餘中，人 民幣 46,380,000 元（二零二一年：人民 幣 17,330,000 元）已逾期 90 天或以上， 並不被視為違約。本集團在了解該等 客戶的背景及良好付款記錄以及與該 等客戶的持續業務關係後，基於信貸 質素並無重大改變而推翻逾期 90 天的 應收賬款預期信貸虧損模式下的違約 推定，並根據於無需過多成本或並無 不當影響情況下可得的前瞻性資料 （如 反映債務人經營所處的一般經濟狀況 的經濟增長率及失業率） 作出調整。

作為本集團信貸風險管理的一部分， 本集團根據違約概率集體評估應收賬 款。若干信貸減值債務人預期信貸虧 損乃根據預期現金流單獨評估。該等 應收賬款由大量具有共同風險特徵的 小病患組成，該等病患代表病患按照 合約條款支付所有應付金額的能力。

截至二零二二年及二零二一年十二月 三十一日止年度的應收賬款及其他應 收款項減值評估詳情載於附註 38(iii) 。

## 19. 其他資產

於二零二二年五月二十三日，本公司 與獨立第三方銀山資本有限公司（ 「銀 山資本」 ） 訂立若干管理安排 （ 「管理安 排」 ） ，據此，銀山資本將提供本公司 非全資附屬公司康心醫院的日常運營 管理工作，為期 20 年（ 「服務期」 ） ，惟 須受限於若干條款及條件。管理安排 的詳情載於本公司日期為二零二二年 五月二十三日的公告。

## 18. ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group's accounts receivable balance are receivables with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB61,569,000 (2021: RMB31,603,000) which are past due at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB46,380,000 (2021: RMB17,330,000) has been past due for 90 days or more and is not considered to be in default. The Group rebutted the presumption of default under expected credit losses model for accounts receivable past due over 90 days based on no significant change in credit quality after understood these customers' background as well as the good payment records of and continuous business relationship with those customers and were adjusted for forward-looking information for example, the economic growth rates and unemployment rate which reflect the general economic conditions in which the debtors operate that was available without undue cost or effect.

As part of the Group's credit risk management, the Group assessed accounts receivable collectively based on the rating of probability of default. Certain credit-impaired debtors of which ECLs are assessed individually based on the expected cashflow. These receivables consist of a large number of small patients with common risk characteristics that are representative of the patients' abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms.

Details of impairment assessment of accounts and other receivables for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out in note 38(iii).

## 19. OTHER ASSET

On 23 May 2022, the Company entered into certain management arrangements ('Management Arrangements') with Silver Mountain Capital Limited ('Silver Mountain'), an independent third party, pursuant to which Silver Mountain will provide management of the day-to-day operations of Kangxin Hospital, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, for a period of 20 years ('Service Period') subject to certain terms and conditions. Details of the Management Arrangements are set out in the Company's announcement dated 23 May 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 19. OTHER ASSET (Continued)

Pursuant to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall provide a series of services with a view to improving and optimising the operations of Kangxin Hospital including the introduction of a German medical group 'Artemed' to Kangxin Hospital to participate in daily management and operations, overseas resources, domestic resources, research capabilities, clinical achievement transformation, policy innovation, cooperation with medical colleges, key scientific construction, medical informatics, medical payment system, quality control, expert collaboration and cost control.

In return, Kangxin Hospital shall pay to Silver Mountain a fee of RMB20 million (the 'Brand Introduction Fee') to procure the introduction of 'Artemed', and an annual fixed management fee of RMB10 million together with variable management fee which is based on certain percentage of Kangxin Hospital's annual revenue during the Service Period.

During the year, Silver Mountain had procured 'Artemed' to sign a trademark licensing agreement with Kangxin Hospital for a non-exclusive right to use Artemed brand in Mainland China and the Group had paid the Brand Introduction Fee of RMB20 million to Silver Mountain. According to the Management Arrangements, Silver Mountain shall refund a certain portion of the Brand Introduction Fee paid to Kangxin Hospital under certain circumstances, including, among others, in the event that Kangxin Hospital is not able to achieve the growth of audited revenue based on an agreed threshold during the performance period (i.e. the 12-month period beginning from the 1st day of the month after the completion of the transfer of management rights of Kangxin Hospital to Silver Mountain). In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the payment of the Brand Introduction Fee is part of the Management Arrangements with Silver Mountain for its services during the Service Period and the introduction of German medical group 'Artemed' brand could bring long-term benefits to the operations of Kangxin Hospital, and accordingly, the Brand Introduction Fee is amortised over the Service Period.

## 19. 其他資產 （續）

根據管理安排，銀山資本應提供一系 列服務，以改善及優化康心醫院的營 運，包括將德國醫療集團 「 Artemed 」 引 入康心醫院以參與日常管理及營運、 海外資源、國內資源、研究能力、臨 床成果轉化、政策創新、與醫學院校 合作、重點學科建設、醫療信息學、 醫療支付系統、質量控制、專家協作 及成本控制。

作為回報，康心醫院應向銀山資本支 付人民幣 20,000,000 元的費用（ 「品牌 引入費」 ） 以促成引入 「 Artemed 」 ，以及 年固定管理費人民幣 10,000,000 元連同 按服務期內康心醫院年收益的一定比 例計算的浮動管理費。

於年內，銀山資本已促使 「 Artemed 」 與 康心醫院簽訂商標使用許可協議以獲 得於中國內地使用 Artemed 品牌的非 獨家權利，本集團已向銀山資本支付 人民幣 20,000,000 元的品牌引入費。 根據管理安排，於若干情況下，銀山 資本向康心醫院退還部分所付品牌引 入費，包括（其中包括）倘康心醫院無 法於履約期限 （即完成向銀山資本轉讓 康心醫院的管理權後的翌月首日起計 的 12 個月期間） 按協定的限額實現經審 核收益的增長。本公司董事認為，支 付品牌引入費為服務期內與銀山資本 就其服務的管理安排一部分，引入德 國醫療集團 「 Artemed 」 品牌可為康心醫 院的營運帶來長遠利益，因此，品牌 引入費於服務期內攤銷。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 20. 按公平值計入損益的金融資產

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  附註  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Portfolio investment fund  投資組合基金  i  64,449  63,326  Fund investment  基金投資  ii  18,000  10,000  Structured bank deposits  結構性銀行存款  iii  490,000  530,000  572,449  603,326  Analysed for reporting purposes as:  就報告目的分析如下：  Current assets  流動資產  490,000  530,000  Non-current assets  非流動資產  82,449  73,326  572,449  603,326   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The Group has a portfolio investment fund as part of the Group's cash management activities. The underlying portfolio of which includes a mixture of shares that are primarily listed in Hong Kong. The portfolio investment fund was maintained by a discretionary fund manager and measured at fair value. The Group intended to invest in the fund for long-term purposes and did not expect any immediate use of the portfolio investment fund in the short term. Thus, the portfolio investment fund is classified as non-current assets and measured at fair value. The Group may at its discretion redeem the fund subject to the relevant procedures, requirements and restrictions.
- (ii) The Group entered into a partnership agreement with two independent third parties for the establishment of a fund, namely, Guangdong Bosong Kanghua Equity Investment Partnership, L.P. ( 廣東鉑頌康華股權投資合夥企業（有 限合夥） ),  a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC. The purpose of the fund is to achieve investment returns and capital appreciation through carrying out investment, investment management and other activities in accordance with PRC laws, business scope under business registration, and the partnership agreement. To the extent permitted by the applicable laws, the fund will invest primarily in the fields of medical services, biotechnology, medical equipment, and medical informatics. The initial term of the fund shall be seven years. As at 31 December 2022, the fund had made equity investments in two (31 December 2021: one) unlisted companies and the aggregate carrying amounts of the equity investments was RMB18,000,000 (31 December 2021: RMB10,000,000), which were measured at fair values.

附註：

- (i) 本集團設有投資組合基金作為本集 團現金管理活動的一部分。其相關投 資組合包括主要在香港上市的股份 組合。投資組合基金由全權委託基金 經理維持，並按公平值計量。本集團 擬就長期目的投資基金並預期短期 內不會即時使用投資組合基金。因此， 投資組合基金被分類為非流動資產， 並按公平值計量。本集團可酌情贖回 基金，惟須遵守相關程序、規定及限 制。
- (ii) 本集團與兩名獨立第三方就設立基 金 （即廣東鉑頌康華股權投資合夥企 業（有限合夥） ，一家根據中國法律 成立的有限合夥企業） 訂立合夥協議。 基金目的是根據中國法律、商業登記 項下的經營範圍及合夥協議，透過進 行投資、投資管理及其他活動，實現 投資回報及資本增值。在適用法律准 許的範圍內，基金將主要投資於醫療 服務、生物科技、醫療器械及醫療信 息學等領域。基金的初始期限為七 年。於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 基金已對兩間（二零二一年十二月 三十一日：一間）未上市公司作出股 權投資，且股權投資賬面總值為人民 幣 18,000,000 元（二零二一年十二月 三十一日：人民幣 10,000,000 元）並 按公平值計量。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 20.

## FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)

Notes:  (Continued)

- (iii) The Group has structured deposits with commercial banks in the PRC for variable investment returns. The majority of these structured deposits are with maturities of less than six months and the principal is generally renewed when matured.

The above investments were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.

## 21. BANK BALANCES AND CASH, RESTRICTED BANK BALANCES AND FIXED BANK DEPOSITS

## 20. 按公平值計入損益的金融資產 （續）

附註： （續）

- (iii) 本集團於中國的商業銀行存有結構 性存款以賺取可變投資回報。大部份 結構性存款的到期日少於六個月，本 金一般於到期時重續。

由於其合約現金流量並非僅為本金及 利息付款，故上述投資獲強制分類為 按公平值計入損益的金融資產。

## 21. 銀行結餘及現金、受限制銀行 結餘及定期銀行存款

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  264,337  237,343  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  2,279  2,592  Fixed bank deposits  定期銀行存款  -  3,000  266,616  242,935  Less: Restricted bank balances  減：受限制銀行結餘  (2,279)  (2,592)  Total cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物總額  264,337  240,343   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bank balances carried prevailing market rates ranging from 0.00% to 0.75% (2021: 0.00% to 2.03%) per annum.

The fixed bank deposits at 31 December 2021 carried fixed interest rates ranging from 1.05% to 3.10% per annum with original maturity of 3 months.

Restricted bank balances represented (i) deposits required by the Dongguan Social Insurance Bureau which are based on annual assessment on the medical service quality of the hospitals, such deposits will be discharged upon completion of the annual assessment; (ii) proceeds from the initial public offering of the Company's H Shares remitted to PRC banks, the usage of which is subject to relevant approval; and (iii) a fixed-term guarantee deposit. The restricted bank balances carried fixed interest at rates ranging from 0.25% to 0.275% (2021: 0.3% to 2.10%) per annum.

銀行結餘按市場現行利率計息，年利 率介乎 0.00% 至 0.75% （二零二一年： 0.00% 至 2.03% ） 。

於二零二一年十二月三十一日，定期 銀行存款的固定年利率介乎 1.05% 至 3.10% ，原到期日為三個月。

受限制銀行結餘指 (i) 根據東莞社會保 障局的規定，存款金額基於年度醫院 醫療服務質素評估所釐定，該存款將 於完成年度評估後解除； (ii) 匯入中國 銀行須經相關批核用於特定用途的首 次公開發售本公司 H 股所得款項；及 (iii) 定期保證金存款。受限制銀行結餘按 固定年利率介乎 0.25% 至 0.275% （二零 二一年： 0.3% 至 2.10% ） 計息。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 22. 應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥 備

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND PROVISION

| Accounts payable  應付賬款  348,810  321,645  Accrued expenses  應計開支  106,224  98,166  Receipt in advance (note)  預收款項 （附註）  197,085  147,243  Payables for acquisition of property, plant and  equipment  收購物業、廠房及設備應付款項  36,607  30,550  Other tax payables  其他應付稅項  3,669  3,634  Others  其他  24,182  30,275  Other payables  其他應付款項  367,767  309,868  Sub-total accounts and other payables  應付賬款及其他應付款項小計  716,577  631,513  Provision for medical dispute claims  醫療糾紛索償撥備  1,234  1,897  Total accounts and other payables and  provision  應付賬款及其他應付款項及  撥備總額  717,811  633,410   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

I ncluded  in  the  balance  are  contract  liabilities  of  RMB42,961,000  (2021: RMB44,277,000) and advances from the PRC social insurance bureau of RMB154,124,000 (2021: RMB102,966,000) for the daily hospital operations of the Group.

Contract liabilities included in the receipt in advance are as follows:

## 附註：

結餘包括用於本集團醫院日常營運的合約 負債人民幣 42,961,000 元（二零二一年：人 民幣 44,277,000 元）及來自中國社會保險局 墊款人民幣 154,124,000 元（二零二一年：人 民幣 102,966,000 元） 。

計入預收款項的合約負債如下：

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  1 January  2021  二零二二年  十二月三十一日  二零二一年  十二月三十一日  二零二一年  一月一日  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Short-term advances received from  customers  收取客戶之短期預收款項  Hospital services  醫院服務  42,769  32,704  30,950  Rehabilitation and other healthcare  services  康復及其他醫療服務  63  10,786  16,054  Elderly healthcare services  老年醫療服務  129  787  1,122  Total contract liabilities  合約負債總額  42,961  44,277  48,126   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 22.  ACCOUNTS AND OTHER PAYABLES AND PROVISION (Continued)

Contract liabilities included short-term advances received to provide healthcare services. The decrease in 2022 was mainly due to decrease in short-term advances from customers in relation to the provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services and elderly healthcare services, netted off with the increase in short-term advances received from customers in relation to the provision of hospital services.

The credit period of accounts payable ranges from 30 to 90 days from the invoice date.

The following is an aging analysis of accounts payable based on the date of receipt of goods:

## 22. 應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥 備 （續）

合約負債包括為提供醫療服務而應收 取的短期墊款。二零二二年減少主要 由於自客戶收取有關提供康復及其他 醫療服務以及老年醫療服務的短期墊 款減少，被自客戶收取有關提供醫院 服務的短期墊款增加抵銷。

應付賬款的信貸期自發票日期起計介 乎 30 至 90 天。

基於收貨日期的應付賬款的賬齡分析 如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Within 30 days  30  天以內  94,494  116,643  31 to 90 days  31  至  90  天  124,444  122,212  91 to 180 days  91  至  180  天  77,870  39,820  181 to 365 days  181  至  365  天  26,086  17,003  Over 365 days  超過  365  天  25,916  25,967  348,810  321,645   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provision for medical dispute claims relate to medical disputes in which the Group is involved as defendants arising from its ordinary course of business. The following is the movement in the provision for medical dispute claims:

醫療糾紛索償撥備與本集團作為被告 牽涉的日常業務過程產生的醫療糾紛 有關。以下為醫療糾紛索償撥備的變動：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At the beginning of the year  於年初  1,897  2,956  Provision for the year  年內撥備  2,440  2,326  Reversal of the provision  撥回撥備  (1,469)  (1,146)  Utilisation of the provision  動用撥備  (1,634)  (2,239)  At the end of the year  於年末  1,234  1,897   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 23. 應付附屬公司非控股股東款項

此指應付康心醫院的非控股股東東 莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司款項人民 幣 26,861,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 49,939,000 元） 。

應付款項為非貿易性質、無抵押、免 息及按要求償還。

## 24. 銀行貸款

## 23.  AMOUNT DUE TO NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OF A

## SUBSIDIARY

This represents an amount due to 東莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司 ,  the non-controlling shareholder of Kangxin Hospital, of RMB26,861,000 (2021: RMB49,939,000).

The amount due is non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

## 24.  BANK LOANS

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Variable rate secured bank loan (note (a))  有抵押銀行貸款 （浮動利率） （附註  (a)  ）  243,004  265,237  Fixed-rate secured loan (note (b))  有抵押貸款 （固定利率） （附註  (b)  ）  37,929  45,609  280,933  310,846  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Analysed into:  分析為：  Bank loans repayable:  銀行貸款於以下時間償還：  Within one year or on demand  一年內或按要求  28,822  28,727  In the second year  第二年  29,139  29,025  In the third to fifth years, inclusive  第三年至第五年 （包括首尾兩年）  87,257  88,865  Beyond five years  超過五年  135,715  164,229  280,933  310,846   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the bank loan carried interest at the benchmark interest rate for loan offered by the People's Bank of China adjusted annually from the draw down date. The effective interest rate of the secured bank loan is 5.81% (2021: 5.72%) per annum. The main purpose of the loan is to finance the payment for the phase two medical facility development of Kangxin Hospital and to settle a certain amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary. During the year, the capitalisation rate of the interest of the secured bank loan was 80.1% (2021: 66.94%).

附註：

- (a) 於二零二二年及二零二一年十二月 三十一日，銀行貸款按自提取之日起 每年調整的中國人民銀行提供的貸 款基準利率計息。已抵押銀行貸款的 實際年利率為 5.81% （二零二一年： 5.72% ） 。貸款主要用於支付康心醫 院第二期醫療設施的開發，並結清若 干應付一間附屬公司的一名非控股 股東的款項。於年內，已抵押銀行貸 款利息的資本化率為 80.1% （二零二一 年： 66.94% ） 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 24.  BANK LOANS (Continued)

Notes:  (Continued)

(a) (Continued)

At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the bank loan was secured with the key terms and securities pledged as follows:

- (i) financial guarantees provided by the Company, Mr. Wang Junyang, the chairman of the Group, 東莞市東成石材有限公司 , a company controlled by Dongguan Xingye Group Co., Ltd. ('Xingye Group') which is a controlling shareholder of the Company, and 東莞嘉德醫療投資 有限公司 (collectively referred to as the 'Guarantors') with respective maximum amounts of RMB500,000,000 (2021: RMB500,000,000); and
- (ii) share pledges over the equity shares in Kangxin Hospital held by the Company and 東莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司 .
- (b) The fixed rate secured loan represents a financing arrangement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., Ltd., an independent third party. Pursuant to the arrangement, the Group has transferred legal title of certain items of medical equipment to Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Leasing Co., Ltd., which shall then be leased back for use by the Group. Upon expiry of the lease term, the Group has an option to repurchase these items of medical equipment at a cash consideration of RMB1. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of these items of medical equipment was approximately RMB21,040,000 (2021: RMB32,218,000), and is guaranteed by the Guarantors.

The transfers of these medical equipment do not satisfy the requirements of IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of assets. The Group continued to recognise the transferred assets and initially recognised a secured loan equal to the transfer proceeds. As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of the borrowings in respect of such arrangements was RMB37,929,000 (2021: RMB45,609,000). The loan carried an effective interest rate of 6.74% (2021: 6.74%) per annum and would be settled with quarterly instalments until September 2027.

All bank loans are denominated in RMB.

## 24. 銀行貸款 （續）

附註： （續）

(a) （續）

於二零二二年及二零二一年十二月 三十一日，銀行貸款有擔保，主要條 款及已抵押證券如下：

- (i) 由本公司、本集團主席王君揚 先生、東莞市東成石材有限公 司（一間由東莞市興業集團有 限公司（ 「興業集團」 ） ，本公 司的控股股東控制的公司）及 東莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司 （統稱「擔保人」 ）提供的財務 擔保，各自最高金額為人民幣 500,000,000 元（二零二一年： 人民幣 500,000,000 元） ；及
- (ii) 對本公司及東莞嘉德醫療投資 有限公司持有康心醫院的股權 的股份質押。
- (b) 固定利率的有抵押貸款指與獨立第 三方工銀金融租賃有限公司訂立的 融資安排。根據該安排，本集團已將 若干醫療設備項目的合法所有權轉 讓予工銀金融租賃有限公司，其後將 其租回以供本集團使用。租期屆滿後， 本集團有權以現金代價人民幣 1 元購 回該等醫療設備項目。於二零二二年 十二月三十一日，該等醫療設備項目 的賬面值約為人民幣 21,040,000 元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 32,218,000 元） ， 並由擔保人提供擔保。

該等醫療設備轉讓不符合國際財務 報告準則第 15 號規定以作為資產出 售入賬。本集團繼續確認已轉讓資產， 並初步確認一筆相等於轉讓所得款 項的有抵押貸款。於二零二二年十二 月三十一日，有關安排的借款賬面 值為人民幣 37,929,000 元（二零二一 年：人民幣 45,609,000 元） 。貸款的 實際年利率為 6.74% （二零二一年： 6.74% ） ，直至二零二七年九月可按 季度分期償還。

所有銀行貸款均以人民幣計值。

<!-- image -->

## 25.  DEFERRED TAX

The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 25. 遞延稅項

年內遞延稅項負債及資產的變動如下：

| Accelerated  tax  depreciation  Provision of  ECL  Pre-operating  expenses  written off  Total  加速稅收  折舊  預期信貸虧  損撥備  撇銷營業前  開支  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Gross deferred tax liabilities/  (assets) at 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日之遞  延稅項負債╱ （資產） 總額  25,819  (2,042)  (1,832)  21,945  Deferred tax charged/(credited)  to profit or loss during  the year (Note 11)  年內扣除自╱ （計入） 損益的  遞延稅項 （附註  11  ）  479  (731)  1,514  1,262  Gross deferred tax  liabilities/(assets) at  31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年十二月三十一  日及二零二二年一月一日  之遞延稅項負債╱ （資產）  總額  26,298  (2,773)  (318)  23,207  Deferred tax (credited)/charged  to profit or loss during the year  (Note 11)  年內 （計入） ╱扣除自損益的  遞延稅項 （附註  11  ）  (139)  (792)  80  (851)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年十二月  三十一日  26,159  (3,565)  (238)  22,356   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022, the Group had unused tax losses arising in Mainland China of approximately RMB444,940,000 (2021: RMB350,018,000) available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset was recognised in respect of such tax losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised. The unused tax losses can be carried forward up to five years from 2024 to 2027 (202 1 : 2023 to 2026), to offset future taxable profits.

於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本集 團有於中國內地產生的未使用稅項虧 損約人民幣 444,940,000 元（二零二一 年：人民幣 350,018,000 元） ，可抵銷未 來溢利。該等稅項虧損並無確認遞延 稅項資產，原因為該等附屬公司已虧 損一段時間且認為其應課稅溢利可能 不足以抵銷可動用之稅項虧損。未使 用的稅項虧損可以二零二四年至二零 二七年 （二零二一年：於二零二三年至 二零二六年） 最多五年結轉，以抵銷未 來的應納稅所得額。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

| ## 26. SHARE CAPITAL  Number of  domestic  shares  Number of  H shares  Share  capital  內資股數目  H  股數目  股本  '000  '000  RMB'000  千股  千股  人民幣千元  At 1 January 2021,  31 December 2021 and  31 December 2022  於二零二一年一月一日、  二零二一年十二月三十一日  及二零二二年十二月三十一日  250,000  84,394  334,394  ## 26. 股本   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. RESERVES

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 177.

## Capital reserve

The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the net asset value of the subsidiaries and the nominal amount of the Company's shares which were issued as consideration for the subsidiaries at the time of the group reorganisation in preparation for the listing of the Company's shares.

## Statutory reserve

According to the relevant laws in the PRC, the Company and its subsidiaries which were established in the PRC are required to transfer at least 10% of their net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the respective registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the distribution of dividends to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years' losses, if any, and is nondistributable other than upon liquidation.

## 27. 儲備

本集團之儲備金額及其於本年度及過 往年度之變動於第 177 頁之綜合權益變 動表呈列。

## 資本儲備

本集團的資本儲備指附屬公司的資產 淨值與本公司為準備本公司股份上市 而進行集團重組時作為收購附屬公司 的代價而發行的股份面值的差額。

## 法定儲備

根據中國相關法律，本公司及其於中 國成立的附屬公司須按中國會計法則 規定提取其稅後純利至少 10% 列入不 可分派儲備金，直至儲備結餘達各自 註冊資本的 50% 。於向擁有人分派股 息前須對儲備劃撥資金。該儲備金可 用於抵銷過往年度虧損（如有） ，除非 清盤，否則不可分派。

<!-- image -->

## 27. RESERVES (Continued)

## Other reserve

Other reserve of the Group arose from a group restructuring that was accounted for as deemed disposal of interests in a wholly-owned subsidiary, which was fully acquired by a non-wholly owned subsidiary, from owners of the Company to the non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary.

## Retained earnings

Included in the retained earnings is an amount of RMB2,290,000 (2021: RMB1,953,000), which represents restricted retained earnings from Anhui Hualin Group that are non-distributable other than upon liquidation.

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The table below shows details of the non wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that have material non-controlling interests at the end of the reporting period:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 27. 儲備 （續）

## 其他儲備

本集團的其他儲備來自一項被視為出 售全資附屬公司權益的集團重組，該 附屬公司已由一間非全資附屬公司自 本公司擁有人向一間附屬公司非控股 股東全數收購。

保留盈利

計 入 保 留 盈 利 中 的 金 額 人 民 幣 2,290,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 1,953,000 元） 指安徽樺霖集團的受限制 保留盈利，除非清盤，否則不可分派。

## 28. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資 附屬公司

下表顯示本集團於報告期末擁有重大 非控股權益之非全資附屬公司的詳情：

| Name of subsidiary  Place of incorporation  and principal  place of business  Proportion of ownership  and voting rights held by  non-controlling  Profit/(loss) allocated to  non-controlling interests  Accumulated  non-controlling interests  附屬公司名稱  註冊成立地點  及主要經營地點  非控股權益所持  擁有權及投票權比例  分配至非控股權益的  溢利╱ （虧損）  累計非控股權益  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Renkang Hospital and its subsidiary, Renkang  Elderly Care Centre ('Renkang Hospital Group')  仁康醫院及其附屬公司仁康護理院  （ 「仁康醫院集團」 ）  The PRC/Mainland China  中國╱中國內地  43%  43%  6,018  9,222  48,648  42,630  Anhui Hualin Group  安徽樺霖集團  The PRC/Mainland China  中國╱中國內地  43%  43%  347  (1,088)  19,970  19,228  Kangxin Hospital  康心醫院  The PRC/Mainland China  中國╱中國內地  40%  40%  (39,661)  (35,516)  (53,980)  (14,319)  Individually immaterial subsidiaries with non-  controlling interests  -  51  擁有非控股權益的個別非重大附屬公司  14,638  47,590   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group's subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.

Renkang Hospital Group

## 28. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資 附屬公司 （續）

有關擁有重大非控股權益之本集團各 附屬公司的財務資料概要載列如下。 以下財務資料概要指集團內公司間對 銷前的金額。

仁康醫院集團

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Current assets  流動資產  101,407  89,886  Non-current assets  非流動資產  134,861  142,207  Current liabilities  流動負債  (105,281)  (109,205)  Non-current liabilities  非流動負債  (14,418)  (20,315)  Revenue  收益  276,402  288,228  Total expenses  總開支  (265,979)  (271,024)  Profit and total comprehensive income for  the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  13,997  21,447  Net cash inflow from operating activities  經營活動所得淨現金流入  24,842  55,600  Net cash outflow from investing activities  投資活動所得淨現金流出  (12,098)  (37,242)  Net cash outflow from financing activities  融資活動所得淨現金流出  (7,557)  (23,484)  Net cash inflow/(outflow)  淨現金流入╱ （流出）  5,187  (5,126)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 28. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資 附屬公司 （續）

安徽樺霖集團

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

Anhui Hualin Group

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Current assets  流動資產  58,739  48,347  Non-current assets  非流動資產  38,667  42,711  Current liabilities  流動負債  (33,345)  (25,536)  Non-current liabilities  非流動負債  (17,619)  (20,805)  Revenue  收益  111,714  101,507  Total expenses  總開支  (114,007)  (104,426)  Profit and total comprehensive income/(loss)  for the year  年內溢利及全面收入╱ （虧損） 總額  1,232  (2,530)  Net cash inflow from operating activities  經營活動所得淨現金流入  8,443  2,186  Net cash outflow from investing activities  投資活動所得淨現金流出  (3,879)  (4,205)  Net cash outflow from financing activities  融資活動所得淨現金流出  (6,576)  (583)  Net cash outflow  淨現金流出  (2,012)  (2,602)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

Kangxin Hospital

## 28. 擁有重大非控股權益之非全資 附屬公司 （續）

康心醫院

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Current assets  流動資產  33,289  23,251  Non-current assets  非流動資產  716,243  657,730  Current liabilities  流動負債  (632,370)  (434,590)  Non-current liabilities  非流動負債  (252,111)  (282,187)  Revenue  收益  53,583  37,787  Total expenses  總開支  (153,688)  (131,239)  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  年內虧損及全面虧損總額  (99,153)  (88,792)  Net cash outflow from operating activities  經營活動所得淨現金流出  (49,957)  (42,498)  Net cash outflow from investing activities  投資活動所得淨現金流出  (70,362)  (80,656)  Net cash inflow from financing activities  融資活動所得淨現金流入  122,756  126,276  Net cash inflow  淨現金流入  2,437  3,122   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 29. 綜合現金流量表附註

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately RMB2,217,000 (2021: RMB7,128,000) of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

(a) 主要非現金交易

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度，本集團訂立新租賃協議， 以使用租賃物業。於租賃開始時， 本集團確認使用權資產及租賃 負債約人民幣 2,217,000 元（二零 二一年：人民幣 7,128,000 元） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 29.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 29. 綜合現金流量表附註 （續）

(b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

(b) 融資活動產生的負債變動

| Amounts  due to  non-controlling  shareholders  of subsidiaries  Bank loans  Interest  payable  Lease  liabilities  Total  應付  附屬公司  非控股股東  款項  銀行貸款  應付利息  租賃負債  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  18,856  257,830  463  207,993  485,142  Changes from financing  cash flows  融資現金流量變動  31,083  50,240  (15,145)  (42,909)  23,269  New leases  新租賃  -  -  -  7,128  7,128  Interest expenses  利息開支  -  2,776  15,215  11,479  29,470  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  二零二二年一月一日  49,939  310,846  533  183,691  545,009  Changes from financing  cash flows  融資現金流量變動  (23,078)  (32,938)  (15,599)  (39,265)  (110,880)  New leases  新租賃  -  -  -  2,217  2,217  Interest expenses  利息開支  -  3,025  15,533  9,738  28,296  COVID-19-related rent  concessions from lessors  出租人給予的  COVID-19  相關租金優惠  -  -  -  (7,396)  (7,396)  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  26,861  280,933  467  148,985  457,246   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 29.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 29. 綜合現金流量表附註 （續）

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:

## (c) 租賃現金流出總額

計入綜合現金流量表的租賃現金 流出總額如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Within operating activities  於經營活動內  7,460  13,415  Within financing activities  於融資活動內  39,265  42,909  46,725  56,324   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for rehabilitation centres and staff quarters. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in Note 8.

## 30. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group is involved as defendants in certain medical disputes arising from its normal business operations. Except for those disputes with provision made as disclosed in note 22, the management of the Group believes that the final result of other medical disputes with total claims of RMB13,983,000 (2021: RMB7,501,000) as at 31 December 2022 will not have a material impact on the financial position or operations of the Group and the amount of outflow, if any, cannot be determined with sufficient reliability prior to judicial appraisals. Accordingly, no provision is made in this regard.

本集團定期就康復中心及員工宿 舍訂立短期租賃。於二零二二年 及二零二一年十二月三十一日， 短期租賃的資產組合與附註 8 披 露的短期租賃開支相關的短期租 賃資產組合相若。

## 30. 或然負債

本集團作為被告牽涉於其一般業務營 運中產生的若干醫療糾紛。除附註 22 所披露就此等糾紛作出的撥備外，本 集團管理層相信於二零二二年十二月 三十一日，涉及人民幣 13,983,000 元 （二 零二一年：人民幣 7,501,000 元） 的其他 醫療糾紛的最終結果將不會對本集團 的財務狀況或營運造成重大影響，而 流出金額（如有）無法於司法鑒定前充 分可靠地釐定。因此，本集團並無就 此作出撥備。

<!-- image -->

## 31. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 31. 資本承擔

於報告期末，本公司有以下資本承擔：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Capital expenditure in respect of property,  plant and equipment contracted for but  not provided in the consolidated financial  statements  於綜合財務報表中已訂約但  未撥備的物業、廠房及設備的  資本開支  262,531  149,561   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group operates the MPF Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. The Group contributes 5% of relevant payroll costs to the MPF Scheme, of which the contribution is matched with those contributed by the employees. For certain employees, the maximum monthly contribution is limited to HK$1,500 per employee.

The employees of the Group's subsidiaries in the PRC are members of statemanaged retirement benefit schemes operated by the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefit schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit schemes is to make the specified contributions.

## 32. 退休福利計劃

本集團於香港為所有合資格僱員成立 強積金計劃。該計劃之資產與本集團 資產分開處理，由託管人管理的基金 持有。本集團須為強積金計劃的僱員 作出相等於其薪金成本 5% 的金額作為 供款。對於若干僱員，每月最高工資 限額為各僱員 1,500 港元。

本集團的中國附屬公司僱員均為由中 國政府營運的國家管理退休福利計劃 的成員。該等附屬公司須向該退休福 利計劃支付相當於工資成本若干百分 比的款項，作為有關退休福利金。本 集團對該項退休福利計劃的唯一責任 是作出指定供款。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 33.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

- (a) In addition to the amount due to non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as mentioned in note 23 and transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had entered into the following material related party balances/transactions during the year:

## 33. 關聯方交易

- (a) 除附註 23 所述應付一間附屬公 司非控股股東的款項及該等綜合 財務報表其他章節所披露的交易 及結餘外，年內本集團已訂立以 下重大關聯方結餘╱交易：

| Name of related  companies  Relationship  Nature of transactions  2022  2021  關聯公司名稱  關係  交易性質  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Kanghua Group  康華集團  Shareholder  股東  Interest expenses on lease  liabilities  租賃負債之利息開支  6,961  8,390  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  106,014  132,777  Lease payment  租賃付款  33,228  41,878  Rent concession  租金優惠  6,209  -  Dongguan Tongli.  Enterprise Co., Ltd  東莞市同力實業  有限公司  Certain key management  personnel of the Group  have ownership  interest  本集團若干主要管理  人員擁有所有權權益  Interest expenses on lease  liabilities  租賃負債之利息開支  1,334  1,608  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  20,315  25,443  Lease payment  租賃付款  5,576  6,384  Rent concession  租金優惠  1,187  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition to the guarantee and securities provided by the Group to the relevant bank, Mr. Wang Junyang, the chairman of the Group, 東 莞市東成石材有限公司 ,  a company controlled by Xingye Group and 東莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司 also provided guarantees and had pledged its equity shares in Kangxin Hospital to secure certain bank loans of the Group as detailed in note 24.

除本集團向相關銀行提供的擔保 及抵押外，本集團主席王君揚先 生、東莞市東成石材有限公司 （一 家由興業集團控制的公司）以及 東莞嘉德醫療投資有限公司亦提 供擔保並已質押其於康心醫院的 股權以擔保本集團的若干銀行貸 款 （詳情載於附註 24 ） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 33. 關聯方交易 （續）

## (b) 本集團主要管理人員薪酬：

主要管理層包括董事及監事。於 本年度，主要管理人員的薪酬披 露於附註 9 。董事及監事的薪酬 由薪酬委員會根據個人表現及市 場趨勢釐定。

上文附註 33(a) 所披露有關租賃付款的 關聯方交易亦構成持續關連交易 （定義 見上市規則第 14A 章） 。

## 34. 業務合併

於二零二二年一月二十二日，本集團 以現金代價人民幣 577,000 元向獨立第 三方收購合肥市愛康慧健康管理有限 公司 （ 「合肥愛康慧」 ） 57.7% 的股權。合 肥愛康慧及其附屬公司合肥市愛康慧 康復有限公司 （統稱 「合肥愛康慧集團」 ） 主要在合肥市從事提供居家老年康復 及護理服務。該交易已於二零二二年 一月二十二日完成。合肥愛康慧集團 的資產及負債賬面值以及非控股權益 分別約為人民幣 972,000 元及人民幣 395,000 元。

本次收購並無產生商譽。

本集團已選擇按非控股權益於合肥愛 康慧集團可識別資產淨值中所佔的比 例份額計量合肥愛康慧集團的非控股 權益。

淨現金流出人民幣 570,000 元通過已付 總現金代價人民幣 577,000 元減獲得的 現金人民幣 7,000 元得出。

## 33.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

Key management personnel include directors and supervisors. The remuneration of the key management personnel during the year is disclosed in note 9. The remuneration of directors and supervisors is determined by the remuneration committee having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

The related party transactions in respect of lease payments as disclosed in note 33(a) above also constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## 34.  BUSINESS COMBINATION

On 22 January 2022, the Group acquired a 57.7% equity interest in 合肥 市愛康慧健康管理有限公司 ('Hefei Aikanghui') from independent third parties at a cash consideration of RMB577,000. Hefei Aikanghui and its subsidiary 合肥市愛康慧康復有限公司 (collectively referred to as the 'Hefei Aikanghui Group') were mainly engaged in providing home-based elderly rehabilitation and care services in Hefei. The transaction was completed on 22 January 2022. The book values of assets and liabilities of Hefei Aikanghui Group and non-controlling interest amounted to approximately RMB972,000 and RMB395,000, respectively.

There is no goodwill arisen from this acquisition.

The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interests in Hefei Aikanghui Group at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the Hefei Aikanghui Group's identifiable net assets.

Net cash outflow of RMB570,000 is derived by total cash consideration paid of RMB577,000 less cash acquired of RMB7,000.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 35.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior years.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debts, which include lease liabilities, amount due to non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary and bank loans disclosed in notes 15(b), 23 and 24, respectively, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves.

The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the directors of the Company consider the cost and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendation of the directors of the Company, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is measured on the basis of the total interest-bearing bank loans divided by the total equity. At 31 December 2022, the Group's gearing ratio was approximately 18.7% (2021: 21.1%).

## 35. 資本風險管理

本集團管理其資本以確保本集團內的 實體將能持續經營，同時透過優化債 務及股本平衡盡可能提高股東回報。 本集團的整體策略自去年保持不變。

本集團的資本架構包括債務，債務包 括附註 15(b) 、 23 及 24 分別披露的租賃 負債、應付一間附屬公司非控股股東 款項及銀行貸款 （扣除現金及現金等價 物）以及本公司擁有人應佔權益（包括 股本及儲備） 。

本公司董事定期檢討資本架構。作為 該檢討的一部分，本公司董事考慮各 類資本相關的成本及風險。根據本公 司董事的推薦意見，本集團將透過支 付股息、發行新股以及發行新債務或 贖回現有債務平衡其整體資本架構。

本集團採用資本負債比率（按計息銀 行貸款除以權益總額計量）來監控資 本。於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 本集團的資本負債比率約為 18.7% （二 零二一年： 21.1% ） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 36. 按類別劃分的金融工具

於報告期末各類金融工具的賬面值如 下：

金融資產：

<!-- formula-not-decoded -->

## 36.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The carrying amounts of each category of financial instruments at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

Financial assets:

As at 31 December 2022

| Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Financial  assets at  fair value  through  profit or loss  Total  按攤銷成本  列賬的  金融資產  按公平值  計入損益的  金融資產  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  2,279  -  2,279  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  264,337  -  264,337  Financial assets included in accounts  and other receivables  計入應收賬款及其他應收款項  的金融資產  245,740  -  245,740  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  -  572,449  572,449  512,356  572,449  1,084,805   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

| ## 36.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)  Financial assets:  (Continued)  As at 31 December 2021  Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Financial  assets at  fair value  through  profit or loss  Total  按攤銷成本  列賬的  金融資產  按公平值  計入損益的  金融資產  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  2,592  -  2,592  Fixed bank deposits  定期銀行存款  3,000  -  3,000  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  237,343  -  237,343  Financial assets included in accounts  and other receivables  計入應收賬款及其他應收款項  的金融資產  241,102  -  241,102  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  -  603,326  603,326  484,037  603,326  1,087,363  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities at  amortised cost  按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Financial liabilities included in accounts and  other payables and provision  計入應收賬款及其他應付款項及  撥備的金融負債  519,492  485,172  Amount due to non-controlling shareholder of  a subsidiary  應付一間附屬公司非控股股東款項  26,861  49,939  Bank loans  銀行貸款  280,933  310,846  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  148,985  183,691  976,271  1,029,648  ## 36. 按類別劃分的金融工具 （續）  金融資產： （續）  於二零二一年十二月三十一日  金融負債：   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 37. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層 級

除賬面值與公平值合理相若的金融工 具外，本集團金融工具的賬面值及公 平值如下：

管理層已評估受限制銀行結餘、定期 銀行存款、銀行結餘及現金、計入應 收賬款及其他應收款項的金融資產、 應付一間附屬公司的非控股股東款項、 計入應付賬款及其他應付款項及撥備 的金融負債以及銀行貸款流動部分的 公平值與其賬面值相若，主要由於該 等工具的到期期限較短所致。

金融資產及負債的公平值按自願訂約 方之間現時進行交易 （強迫或清盤出售 交易除外） 中買賣該等工具的金額入賬。

以下方法及假設乃用於估計公平值：

銀行貸款非流動部分的公平值已通過 使用目前可用於具有類似條款、信貸 風險及剩餘到期日的工具的費率貼現 預期未來現金流量進行計算。於二零 二二年十二月三十一日，本集團有關 銀行貸款的違約風險所導致的公平值 變動被評估為屬不重大。本公司董事 認為，其賬面值與其各自的公平值並 無重大差異。

本集團按公平值計入損益的金融資產 之公平值乃參考該等投資之近日成交 價而釐定，或按金融機構或相關行政 機構提供之估值列賬。

## 37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group's financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to their fair values, are as follows:

Management has assessed that the fair values of restricted bank balances, fixed bank deposits, bank balances and cash, financial assets included in accounts and other receivables, amount due to non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, financial liabilities included in accounts and other payables and provision and the current portion of bank loans approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

The fair value of the non-current portion of bank loans has been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group's own nonperformance risk for bank loans as at 31 December 2022 were assessed to be insignificant. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, their carrying amounts are not significantly different from their respective fair values.

The fair value of the Group's financial assets at fair value through profit or loss is determined by reference to recent transaction prices of the investments or carried at valuations performed by financial institutions or related administrators.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

Fair value hierarchy

The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's financial instruments:

Assets measured at fair value:

As at 31 December 2022

## 37. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層 級 （續）

公平值層級

下表說明本集團金融工具的公平值計 量層級：

按公平值計量的資產：

於二零二二年十二月三十一日

| Fair value measurement using  使用以下層級計量的公平值  Quoted prices  in active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  於活躍市場  的報價  （第一級）  重大可觀察  輸入數據  （第二級）  重大不可觀察  輸入數據  （第三級）  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  -  554,449  18,000  572,449  As at 31 December 2021  Fair value measurement using  使用以下層級計量的公平值  Quoted prices  in active  markets  (Level 1)  Significant  observable  inputs  (Level 2)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  (Level 3)  Total  於活躍市場  的報價  （第一級）  重大可觀察  輸入數據  （第二級）  重大不可觀察  輸入數據  （第三級）  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  -  593,326  10,000  603,326  於二零二一年十二月三十一日   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 37. 金融工具的公平值及公平值層 級 （續）

公平值層級 （續）

於二零二二年及二零二一年十二月 三十一日，本集團並無任何按公平值 計量的金融負債。

年內第三級公平值計量變動如下：

## 37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

Fair value hierarchy  (Continued)

The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The movement in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At 1 January  於一月一日  10,000  -  Purchases  購買  8,000  10,000  At 31 December  於十二月三十一日  18,000  10,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's major financial instruments include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, certain accounts and other receivables, fixed bank deposits, restricted bank balances, bank balances and cash, certain accounts and other payables, amount due to non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, bank loans and lease liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. Management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

年內，金融資產及金融負債的公平值 計量並無於第一級與第二級之間轉撥， 亦無轉入或轉出第三級 （二零二一年： 無） 。

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策

本集團的主要金融工具包括按公平值 計入損益的金融資產、若干應收賬款 及其他應收款項、定期銀行存款、受 限制銀行結餘、銀行結餘及現金、若 干應付賬款及其他應付款項、應付一 間附屬公司非控股股東款項、銀行貸 款及租賃負債。該等金融工具的詳情 披露於各自附註。該等金融工具的相 關風險及有關如何減少該等風險的政 策載列如下。管理層管理及監控該等 風險，確保及時有效實施適當措施。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38.

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued) 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

- (i) Market risk

Interest rate risk

The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances and a bank loan due to the fluctuation of the prevailing market interest rate. The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate fixed bank deposits, restricted bank balances and a fixed-rate bank loan. The Group currently does not have a policy on hedging of interest rate risks. However, management monitors interest rate exposures and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk should the need arise.

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk on financial liabilities is  detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this note. The Group's cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of benchmark interest rate for loans offered by the People's Bank of China arising from the bank loan.

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for the bank loan and bank balances. The analyses were prepared assuming these balances outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year.

50 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) increase represents management's assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates. Management does not anticipate a decrease in interest rate for bank loan and bank balances in the next financial year having regard to the trends in benchmark interest rate for the loan offered by the People's Bank of China and global economic environment. Accordingly, sensitivity analysis on a decrease in interest rates is not presented.

If  interest rates on the bank loan and bank balances had been 50 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) higher and all other variables were held constant, the profit for the year would increase by approximately RMB77,000 (2021: profit for the year would decrease by approximately RMB97,000).

- (i) 市場風險

利率風險

由於現行市場利率波動，本集團 面對與可變利率銀行結餘及銀行 貸款有關的現金流量利率風險。 本集團亦面對與固定利率定期銀 行存款、受限制銀行結餘及固定 利率銀行貸款有關的公平值利率 風險。本集團目前並無有關對沖 利率風險的政策。然而，管理層 監察利率風險及將於有需要時考 慮對沖重大利率風險。

本集團承受的金融負債利率風險 詳載於本附註流動資金風險管理 一節。本集團現金流量利率風險 主要集中於由銀行貸款引起的中 國人民銀行提供的貸款基準利率 的波動。

下文之敏感度分析乃根據銀行貸 款及銀行結餘的利率風險而釐定。 該分析乃假設於報告期末的該等 未償還結餘乃於整年未償還而編 製。

50 個基點（二零二一年： 50 個基 點）的增加指管理層對於利率合 理的可能變動的評估。考慮到中 國人民銀行提供的貸款基準利率 的趨勢及全球經濟環境，管理層 並不預期銀行貸款及銀行結餘的 利率會在下個財政年度下調，因 此並無呈列利率減少的敏感度分 析。

倘銀行貸款及銀行結餘的利率上 升 50 個基點（二零二一年： 50 個 基點） 及所有其他變數保持不變， 年內溢利將增加約人民幣 77,000 元（二零二一年：年內溢利將減 少約人民幣 97,000 元） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

(i) 市場風險 （續）

外匯風險

本集團面臨來自以相關實體功能 貨幣以外貨幣列值的貨幣資產及 負債之貨幣風險。本集團認為， 其外匯風險主要來自人民幣兌港 元及美元的風險。

於二零二二年及二零二一年十二 月三十一日，本集團以外幣計價 的貨幣資產及貨幣負債賬面值如 下：

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

(Continued)

## (i) Market risk  (Continued)

Foreign currency risk

The Group's exposure to currency risk attributable to monetary assets and liabilities, which are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity to which they related. The Group considers its foreign currency exposure mainly arises from the exposure of RMB against HK$ and USD.

The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Assets  資產  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  HK$  港元  64,827  66,303  USD  美元  3,229  4,878  68,056  71,181   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

本集團目前並無外幣對沖政策。 然而，管理屬監察外匯風險，並 將於有需要時考慮對沖重大外幣 風險。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38.

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## (i) Market risk  (Continued)

Foreign currency risk  (Continued)

As at 31 December 2022, if HK$ had strengthened/weakened against RMB by 5% (2021: 5%) with all other variables held constant, profit for the year would have been higher/lower by approximately RMB2,706,000 (2021: RMB2,766,000) mainly as a result of the increase/decrease in net foreign exchange gains on translation of bank balances and cash and, other receivables denominated in non-functional currencies of the relevant group entities. If USD had strengthened/weakened against RMB by 5% with all other variables held constant, profit for the year would have been higher/lower by approximately RMB135,000 (2021: RMB204,000) mainly as a result of the increase/decrease in net foreign exchange gains on translation of bank balances and cash, other receivables and other payables denominated in non-functional currencies of the relevant group entities.

## (ii) Other price risk

The Group is exposed to equity price risk through portfolio investment fund and fund investment classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

For investment in portfolio investment fund, the composition of the underlying investment mainly consists of listed equity securities, management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. For investment in fund investment, the composition of the underlying investment mainly consists of unlisted equity securities. The Group has designated a special team to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need arise. The Group's post-tax profit for the year would increase/ decrease by RMB6,445,000 (2021: RMB6,333,000) and increase/ decrease by RMB1,800,000 (2021: RMB1,000,000), respectively, if the price of the portfolio investment fund and fund investment had been 10% higher/lower.

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

## (i) 市場風險 （續）

外匯風險 （續）

於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 倘港元兌人民幣升值╱貶值 5% （二零二一年： 5% ），而所有 其他變數維持不變，年內溢利 將增加╱減少約人民幣 2,706,000 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 2,766,000 元） ，主要由於換算以相關集團 實體非功能貨幣列值的銀行結餘 及現金以及其他應收款項之外 匯收益淨額增加╱減少。倘美元 兌人民幣升值╱貶值 5% ，而所 有其他變數維持不變，年內溢利 將增加╱減少約人民幣 135,000 元（二零二一年：人民幣 204,000 元） ，主要由於換算以相關集團 實體非功能貨幣列值的銀行結餘 及現金、其他應收款項及其他應 付款項之外匯收益淨額增加╱減 少。

## (ii) 其他價格風險

本集團通過投資組合基金及基金 投資面臨權益價格風險，該基金 被歸類為按公平值計入損益的金 融資產。

對於投資組合基金的投資，相關 投資的構成主要包括上市股本 證券，管理層通過維持具有不同 風險的投資組合來管理此風險。 對於投資基金的投資，相關投資 的構成主要包括非上市股本證 券。本集團已指定一個特別小組 監察價格風險，並將會在有需要 時考慮對沖風險。倘投資組合基 金及基金投資的價格上漲╱下 跌 10% ，本年度本集團的除稅後 溢利將分別增加╱減少人民幣 6,445,000 元（二零二一年：人民 幣 6,333,000 元）及增加╱減少人 民幣 1,800,000 元（二零二一年： 人民幣 1,000,000 元） 。

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

## (ii) 其他價格風險 （續）

管理層認為按公平值計入損益的 金融資產餘額指結構性銀行存款 但不包括重大價格風險。

## (iii) 信貸風險及減值評估

應收賬款

倘對手方未能履行其責任，則本 集團於報告期末就各類已確認金 融資產面臨的最大信貸風險為本 集團綜合財務狀況表內所載該等 資產的賬面值。

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日 止年度，本集團根據違約概率評 級，參考交易對手經營行業的外 部違約率，共同評估全期預期信 貸虧損，惟於二零二二年十二月 三十一日個別評估的若干信貸減 值應收賬款人民幣 11,199,000 元 （二零二一年：人民幣 8,186,000 元）除外。本集團應用以下違約 概率及虧損率：就中國政府社會 保險計劃的非信貸減值應收賬 款應用 0.09% 及 64.9% （二零二一 年： 0.06% 及 64.9% ） ；就個人客 戶應用 2.07% 及 57.5% （二零二一 年： 2.62% 及 63.00% ） ；及就企 業客戶應用介乎 0.09% 至 5.70% 及 8.00% 至 74.57% （二零二一 年： 0.06% 至 7.90% 及 56.80% 至 64.90% ） 。

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

(Continued)

## (ii) Other price risk  (Continued)

Management considered the remaining balance of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, representing structured bank deposits, is not subject to material price risk.

## (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment

Accounts receivable

The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties' failure to perform their obligations at the end of the reporting period in relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of these assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group collectively assessed the lifetime ECL based on a rating of probability of default with reference to external default rate by operating industries of the counterparty other than certain credit-impaired debtors of RMB11,199,000 (2021: RMB8,186,000) which are assessed individually as at 31 December 2022. The Group's probability of default and the loss given default applied for non credit-impaired accounts receivable for PRC government's social insurance schemes was 0.09% and 64.9% (2021: 0.06% and 64.9%); for individual customers was 2.07% and 57.5% (2021: 2.62% and 63.00%); and for corporate customers was in the range of 0.09% to 5.70% and 8.00% to 74.57% (2021: 0.06% to 7.90% and 56.80% to 64.90%).

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

(Continued)

- (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

Accounts receivable  (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECLs that has been recognised for accounts receivable under the simplified approach.

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估 （續）

應收賬款 （續）

下表列明根據簡化方法確認應收 賬款的全期預期信貸虧損的變動。

| Lifetime ECLs  (not credit-  impaired)  Lifetime ECLs  (credit-  impaired)  Total  全期預期  信貸虧損  （非信貸減值）  全期預期  信貸虧損  （信貸減值）  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  As at 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  916  6,778  7,694  Loss allowance recognised  已確認虧損撥備  688  1,678  2,366  Loss allowance reversed  已撥回虧損撥備  (596)  (260)  (856)  Write-off  撇銷  -  (10)  (10)  As at 31 December 2021 and at  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  於二零二二年一月一日  1,008  8,186  9,194  Loss allowance recognised  已確認虧損撥備  285  4,205  4,490  Loss allowance reversed  已撥回虧損撥備  (553)  (150)  (703)  Write-off  撇銷  -  (1,042)  (1,042)  As at 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  740  11,199  11,939   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

## (iii) 信貸風險及減值評估 （續）

應收賬款 （續）

於二零二二年十二月三十一日， 信貸虧損撥備為就非信貸減值 及信貸減值應收賬款確認的全 期預期信貸虧損，總結餘分別為 人民幣 740,000 元（二零二一年： 人民幣 1,008,000 元）及人民幣 11,199,000 元（二零二一年：人民 幣 8,186,000 元） 。本集團並未就 全部應收賬款持有抵押品。

為盡可能降低信貸風險，本公司 管理層已委派一個團隊負責釐定 有關客戶的信貸上限、信貸審批 及其他監控程序，確保採取跟進 措施收回逾期債務。此外，本集 團於各年末檢討各個別債務的可 收回金額，確保就不可收回金額 作出足夠虧損撥備。就此而言， 本公司董事認為本集團的信貸風 險已大幅減少。

本集團的信貸風險集中度為 89.4% （二零二一年： 88.6% ） ，應 收賬款總額的 94.9% （二零二一 年： 92.5% ） 分別來自本集團最大 的債務人及五大債務人。

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

Accounts receivable  (Continued)

As at 31 December 2022, the allowance for credit loss represents lifetime ECLs recognised on non credit-impaired and credit-impaired accounts receivable with aggregated gross balances of RMB740,000 (2021: RMB1,008,000) and RMB11,199,000 (2021: RMB8,186,000) respectively. The Group does not hold collateral over all accounts receivable.

In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Company has delegated a team responsible for the determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures over the customers to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of each year to ensure that adequate loss allowance is made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

The Group has concentration of credit risk as 89.4% (2021: 88.6%) and 94.9% (2021: 92.5%) of the total accounts receivable were due from the Group's largest debtor and the five largest debtors, respectively.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

- (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

Financial assets included in other receivables

The Group collectively assessed the lifetime ECLs based on the rating of probability of default other than certain credit-impaired debtors of RMB1,877,000 (2021: RMB1,394,000) which are assessed individually as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets included in other receivables are as follows:

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估 （續）

計入其他應收款項的金融資產

本集團基於（而非若干信貸減 值債務人民幣 1,877,000 元（二零 二一年：人民幣 1,394,000 元） ， 於二零二二年及二零二一年十二 月三十一日已對該款項作出個別 評估）違約概率共同評估全期預 期信貸虧損。

計入其他應收款項的金融資產減 值虧損撥備的變動如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At beginning of year  於年初  1,897  476  Impairment losses  減值虧損  423  1,421  At end of year  於年末  2,320  1,897   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date by considering the probability of default of counterparties. The Group also takes into account the forward-looking information to reflect the debtors' probability of default under the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate. As at 31 December 2022, the probability of default applied ranged from 0.09% to 5.70% (2021: 0.06% to 5.70%) and the loss given default was estimated to be ranged from 35.4% to 74.6% (2021: 56.8% to 64.9%).

於各報告日期通過考慮交易對 手違約概率進行減值分析。本集 團亦會考慮前瞻性資料，以反 映債務人在當前條件下的違約 概率及對未來經濟狀況的預測 （倘適當） 。於二零二二年十二月 三十一日，所採用的違約概率介 乎 0.09% 至 5.70% （二零二一年： 0.06% 至 5.70% ） ，而違約虧損率 估計介乎 35.4% 至 74.6% （二零 二一年： 56.8% 至 64.9% ） 。

<!-- image -->

## 38.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

(iii) 信貸風險及減值評估 （續）

最高風險及年終階段分類

下表列示基於本集團信貸政策的 信貸質素及最大信貸風險敞口以 及十二月三十一日的年終階段分 類，而本集團的信貸政策則主要 基於客戶類型及市場違約率（毋 須過多成本或努力即可獲得的其 他資料除外） 。所呈列的該等金 額指金融資產的賬面總值。

於二零二二年十二月三十一日

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

- (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which is mainly based on the customer type and market default rate unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

At 31 December 2022

| 12-month ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  12  個月預期  信貸虧損  全期預期信貸虧損  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  第一階段  第二階段  第三階段  簡化方法  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Accounts receivable  應收賬款  -  -  -  241,558  241,558  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  - Not yet past due  －尚未逾期  2,279  -  -  -  2,279  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  - Not yet past due  －尚未逾期  264,337  -  -  -  264,337  Financial assets included in  other receivables  計入其他應收款項的金  融資產  - Normal*  －正常  *  15,754  -  -  -  15,754  - Doubtful*  －呆賬  *  810  -  1,877  -  2,687  283,180  -  1,877  241,558  526,615   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38.

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

- (iii) Credit risk and impairment assessment  (Continued)

Maximum exposure and year-end staging  (Continued)

At 31 December 2021

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

- (iii) 信貸風險及減值評估 （續）

最高風險及年終階段分類 （續）

於二零二一年十二月三十一日

| 12-month ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  12  個月預期  信貸虧損  全期預期信貸虧損  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  第一階段  第二階段  第三階段  簡化方法  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  Accounts receivable  應收賬款  -  -  -  235,665  235,665  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  - Not yet past due  －尚未逾期  2,592  -  -  -  2,592  Fixed bank deposits  定期銀行存款  - Not yet past due  －尚未逾期  3,000  -  -  -  3,000  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  - Not yet past due  －尚未逾期  237,343  -  -  -  237,343  Financial assets included in  other receivables  計入其他應收款項的金  融資產  - Normal*  －正常  *  12,961  -  -  -  12,961  - Doubtful*  －呆賬  *  2,173  -  1,394  -  3,567  258,069  -  1,394  235,665  495,128   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The credit quality of the financial assets included in other receivables is considered to be 'normal' when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets have significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be 'doubtful'.

*

計入其他應收款項之金融資產 倘並無逾期，且並無資料顯示 有關金融資產的信貸風險自初 步確認以來顯著增加，則其信 貸質素視為「正常」 。否則，金 融資產的信貸質素視為 「呆賬」 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

## (iv) 流動資金風險

流動資金風險管理乃由管理層最 終負責，並已建立適當的流動資 金風險管理框架，以符合本集團 管理短期、中期及長期資金及流 動資金的規定。本集團的政策為 通過持續監察預測及實際現金流 量，就金融資產及負債的到期狀 況進行配對，從而維持充足的儲 備、銀行融資及借款融資，管理 流動資金風險。

下表詳列本集團的金融負債的餘 下合約到期狀況。此表按照金融 負債未貼現現金流量編製，其中 以本集團須付款的最早日期為基 礎。其他非衍生金融負債的到期 日以協定的還款日為基礎。

表格包含利息及本金現金流量。 未貼現金額則源自報告期末的利 率。

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## (iv) Liquidity risk

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with management, which has built an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group's short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

The following tables detail the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other non-derivative financial liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates.

The tables include both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that the undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued) 38. 金融風險管理目標及政策 （續）

(iv) Liquidity risk  (Continued)

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  On demand  or less than  1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Total  undiscounted  cash  flows  Total  carrying  amount  加權平均  實際利率  按要求或  一年內  1  至  5  年  超過  5  年  未貼現現金  流量總額  總賬面值  %  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  %  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  Financial liabilities included in  accounts and other payables  and provision  計入應付賬款及其他  應付款項以及撥備的  金融負債  N/A  不適用  519,492  -  -  519,492  519,492  Amount due to non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  應付一間附屬公司的非控股  股東款項  N/A  不適用  26,861  -  -  26,861  26,861  Bank loans  銀行貸款  5.94%  47,625  171,232  165,257  384,114  280,933  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  5.19%  49,130  112,546  2,640  164,316  148,985  643,108  283,778  167,897  1,094,783  976,271  At 31 December 2021  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日  Financial liabilities included in  accounts and other payables  and provision  計入應付賬款及其他  應付款項以及撥備的  金融負債  N/A  不適用  485,172  -  -  485,172  485,172  Amount due to non-controlling  shareholder of a subsidiary  應付一間附屬公司的非控股  股東款項  N/A  不適用  49,939  -  -  49,939  49,939  Bank loans  銀行貸款  5.87%  49,127  179,493  203,434  432,054  310,846  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  5.09%  46,144  157,957  4,249  208,350  183,691  630,382  337,450  207,683  1,175,515  1,029,648  (iv)  流動資金風險 （續）   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 39. 本公司的財務狀況表

有關本公司於報告期末的財務狀況表 的資料如下：

## 39.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  非流動資產  Investments in subsidiaries  投資於附屬公司  681,346  676,796  CURRENT ASSETS  流動資產  Other receivables  其他應收款項  3,743  2,764  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  400,000  400,000  Amounts due from subsidiaries  應收附屬公司款項  335,409  138,335  Restricted bank balances  受限制銀行結餘  40  36  Bank balances and cash  銀行結餘及現金  2,782  2,655  Total current assets  流動資產總值  741,974  543,790  CURRENT LIABILITIES  流動負債  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費用  1,321  2,548  Amounts due to subsidiaries  應付附屬公司款項  167,042  161,898  Total current liabilities  流動負債總額  168,363  164,446  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  573,611  379,344  Net assets  資產淨值  1,254,957  1,056,140  EQUITY  權益  Share capital  股本  334,394  334,394  Reserves (Note)  儲備 （附註）  920,563  721,746  Total equity  權益總額  1,254,957  1,056,140   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

(Continued)

Note:

Movements in reserves:

39. 本公司的財務狀況表 （續）

附註：

儲備變動：

| Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Statutory  reserve  Retained  earnings/  (accumulated  loss)  Total  股份溢價  資本儲備  法定儲備  保留盈利╱  （累計虧損）  總計  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  (note (i))  (note (ii))  (note (iii))  （附註  (i)  ）  （附註  (ii)  ）  （附註  (iii)  ）  At 1 January 2021  於二零二一年一月一日  698,214  53,394  23,171  58,790  833,569  Loss and total comprehensive  loss for the year  年內虧損及全面虧損  總額  -  -  -  (111,823)  (111,823)  At 31 December 2021 and at  1 January 2022  於二零二一年  十二月三十一日及  於二零二二年一月一日  698,214  53,394  23,171  (53,033)  721,746  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  年內溢利及全面收入  總額  -  -  -  198,817  198,817  Transfer from retained earnings  轉撥自保留盈利  -  -  14,578  (14,578)  -  At 31 December 2022  於二零二二年  十二月三十一日  698,214  53,394  37,749  131,206  920,563   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The capital reserve represents the difference between the net asset value of the subsidiaries and the nominal amount of the Company's shares which were issued as consideration for the subsidiaries at the time of the group reorganisation in preparation for the listing of the Company's shares.
- (ii) According to the relevant laws in the PRC, the Company which was established in the PRC is required to transfer at least 10% of its net profit after taxation, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to a non-distributable reserve fund until the reserve balance reaches 50% of the registered capital. The transfer to this reserve must be made before the distribution of dividends to owners. Such reserve fund can be used to offset the previous years' losses, if any, and is non-distributable other than upon liquidation.
- (iii) At  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  distributable  reserve  of RMB131,206,000 available for distribution (2021: no distributable reserve).

附註：

- (i) 資本儲備指附屬公司的資產淨值與 於為籌備本公司股份上市而進行集 團重組時發行作為附屬公司代價的 本公司股份面值之間的差額。
- (ii) 根據中國相關法律，於中國成立的 本公司須按中國會計法則規定提取 其稅後純利至少 10% 列入不可分派儲 備金，直至儲備結餘達到註冊資本的 50% 。於向擁有人分派股息前須對儲 備劃撥資金。該儲備金可用於抵銷過 往年度虧損 （如有） ，除非清盤，否則 不可分派。
- (iii) 於二零二二年十二月三十一日，本公 司有可供分派的可分派儲備人民幣 131,206,000 元（二零二一年：無可分 派儲備） 。

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. 附屬公司資料

本公司於二零二二年及二零二一年 十二月三十一日的附屬公司資料如下：

本公司主要附屬公司的詳情如下：

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the Company's subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Directly held  直接持有  Dongguan Kanghua Hospital  Co., Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB350,000,000  100%  100%  Operation of a hospital  東莞康華醫院有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  350,000,000  元  經營醫院  Dongguan Renkang Hospital  Co., Ltd. ('Renkang Hospital')  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB60,000,000  57%  57%  Operation of a hospital  東莞仁康醫院有限公司  （ 「仁康醫院」 ）  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  60,000,000  元  經營醫院   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## 40. 附屬公司資料 （續）

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian  Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd.  ('Kangxin Hospital')  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB270,000,000  60%  60%  Operation of a hospital  重慶康華眾聯心血管病醫院  有限公司 （ 「康心醫院」 ）  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  270,000,000  元  經營醫院  Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare  Management Co., Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB11,000,000  100%  100%  Provision of hospital  management services  東莞康華醫療管理有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  11,000,000  元  提供醫院管理服務  Kanghua Healthcare  Management (HK)  Company Limited  Hong Kong/  Hong Kong  Ordinary shares HK$10,000  100%  100%  Provision of management  services  康華醫療管理 （香港） 有限公司  香港╱香港  普通股  10,000  港元  提供管理服務   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. 附屬公司資料 （續）

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Dongguan Kanghua  Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB5,000,000  -  100%  Sale of pharmaceutical  products  東莞市康華醫藥有限公司  *  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  5,000,000  元  銷售醫藥產品  Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare  Industry Investment Fund  Co., Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered capital  RMB100,000,000/paid-  up capital RMB21,250,000  (2021: RMB11,250,000)  100%  100%  Investment holding  東莞康華醫療產業投資基金  有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊資本人民幣  100,000,000  元╱  實繳資本人民幣  21,250,000  元  （二零二一年：  人民幣  11,250,000  元）  投資控股  Dongguan Kanghua Elderly Care  Services Management Co., Ltd  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered capital  RMB10,000,000/paid-up  capital RMB5,500,000  100%  100%  Investment holding  東莞康華養老服務管理  有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊資本人民幣  10,000,000  元╱  實繳資本人民幣  5,500,000  元  投資控股   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## 40. 附屬公司資料 （續）

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Dongguan Kanghua Medical  Rehabilitation Investment  Co., Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB80,000,000  100%  100%  Investment holding  東莞康華康復醫療投資有限  公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  80,000,000  元  投資控股  Dongguan Kangrui Medical  Investment Co., Ltd.*  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered capital  RMB10,000,000/paid-up  capital RMB500,000  -  90%  Inactive  東莞市康瑞醫療投資有限公司  *  中國╱中國內地  註冊資本人民幣  10,000,000  元╱  實繳資本人民幣  500,000  元  暫無業務  Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare  Investment Co., Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB1,000,000  100%  100%  Investment/property  holding  東莞康華醫療投資有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  1,000,000  元  投資╱物業控股   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. 附屬公司資料 （續）

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Indirectly held  間接持有  Hefei Xingu Medical Rehabilitation  Investment Co., Ltd.  #  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB1,000,000  57%  57%  Investment holding/  provision of healthcare  management services  合肥鑫谷康復醫療投資  有限公司  #  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  1,000,000  元  投資控股╱提供醫療  管理服務  Hefei Xinqing Medical  Management Co., Ltd.  #  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB50,000  57%  57%  Investment holding/  provision of healthcare  management services  合肥鑫慶醫療管理有限公司  #  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本  人民幣  50,000  元  投資控股╱提供醫療  管理服務  Anhui Hualin Medical  Investment Co., Ltd.  ('Anhui Hualin')  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB23,390,000  57%  57%  Investment holding/  provision of healthcare  management services  安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司  （ 「安徽樺霖」 ）  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  23,390,000  元  投資控股╱提供醫療  管理服務  Dongguan Renkang Elderly  Care Centre Co., Ltd.  ('Renkang Elderly Care Centre')  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered and paid-up  capital RMB5,000,000  57%  57%  Provision of elderly  healthcare services  東莞仁康護理院有限公司  （ 「仁康護理院」 ）  中國╱中國內地  註冊及實繳資本人民幣  5,000,000  元  提供養老醫療服務   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

綜合財務報表附註 For the year ended 31 December 2022 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

## 40. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

## 40. 附屬公司資料 （續）

| Name of subsidiary  附屬公司名稱  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  and operations  註冊成立╱成立及  營運地點  Issued and fully  paid share capital/  registered/paid-up capital  已發行及繳足股本╱  註冊╱實繳資本  Percentage of  equity interest attributable  to the Group  本集團應佔股權百分比  Principal activities  主要業務  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Dongguan Kanghua Jiankanggu  Investment Development  Co. Ltd.  The PRC/  Mainland China  Registered capital  RMB5,000,000/paid-up  capital RMB300,000  (2021: RMB200,000)  100%  100%  Inactive  東莞康華健康谷投資發展  有限公司  中國╱中國內地  註冊資本人民幣  5,000,000  元╱實繳資本  人民幣  300,000  元  （二零二一年：人民幣  200,000  元）  暫無業務   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# These are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Anhui Hualin.  The principal activities of Anhui Hualin and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as 'Anhui Hualin Group') consisted of provision of rehabilitation and other healthcare services.

* These subsidiaries were deregistered during the year ended 31 December 2022.

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.

Except for Kanghua Healthcare Management (HK) Company Limited, all other subsidiaries listed above are wholly-domestic owned enterprise with limited liability established in the PRC.

## 41. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2023.

#

此等公司為安徽樺霖的全資附屬公 司。安徽樺霖及其附屬公司 （統稱 「安 徽樺霖集團」 ）的主要活動包括提供 康復及其他醫療服務。

* 該等附屬公司於截至二零二二年 十二月三十一日止年度註銷。

本公司董事認為上表列出是主要影響 本年度業績或構成本集團資產淨值主 要組成部分之本公司附屬公司。本公 司董事認為，列出其他附屬公司詳情 會令名單篇幅過於冗長。

除康華醫療管理（香港）有限公司外， 所有以上所列的其他附屬公司為於中 國成立的有限責任境內全資企業。

## 41. 批准綜合財務報表

綜合財務報表乃於二零二三年三月 三十一日獲董事會批准及授權刊發。

<!-- image -->

## Financial Summary

## 財務概要

| For the year ended 31 December  截至十二月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二零年  二零一九年  二零一八年  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  RESULTS  業績  Revenue  收益  1,845,633  1,953,944  1,745,023  1,955,525  1,639,287  Profit (loss) before taxation  除稅前溢利 （虧損）  69,309  129,209  (26,089)  117,485  221,754  Income tax expense  所得稅開支  (41,573)  (62,284)  (23,967)  (68,797)  (60,482)  Profit (loss) and total  comprehensive income  (expense) for the year  年內溢利 （虧損） 及全面  收入 （開支） 總額  27,736  66,925  (50,056)  48,688  161,272  Attributable to:  以下人士應佔權益：  Equity owners of the Company  本公司權益持有人  61,032  94,307  (25,372)  74,264  167,943  Non-controlling interests  非控股權益  (33,296)  (27,382)  (24,684)  (25,576)  (6,671)  27,736  66,925  (50,056)  48,688  161,272  As at 31 December  於十二月三十一日  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二零年  二零一九年  二零一八年  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  人民幣千元  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  資產及負債  Total assets  總資產  2,719,334  2,704,602  2,453,901  2,583,161  2,203,052  Total liabilities  總負債  (1,216,827)  (1,230,175)  (1,046,399)  (1,125,603)  (693,578)  1,502,507  1,474,427  1,407,502  1,457,558  1,509,474  Equity attributable to:  以下人士應佔權益：  Equity owners of the Company  本公司權益持有人  1,487,869  1,426,837  1,332,530  1,356,425  1,378,937  Non-controlling interests  非控股權益  14,638  47,590  74,972  101,133  130,537  1,502,507  1,474,427  1,407,502  1,457,558  1,509,474   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The financial information set out above is prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

(ii) The financial summary does not form part of the consolidated financial statements.

附註：

(i)

上述財務資料按照國際財務報告準則編製。

(ii)

財務概要並不構成綜合財務報表的一部份。

## DeGLYPH&lt;31&gt;nitions 釋義

| Adjusted EBITDA  the earnings before accounting for bank and other interest income, interest expenses, taxes, depreciation and amortisation, fair value gain/loss and investment income from financial assets at FVTPL and exchange gain/loss and impairment of goodwill  「經調整  EBITDA  」  除銀行及其他利息收入、利息開支、稅項、折舊及攤銷、公平值收益╱虧損及按公  平值計入損益的金融資產投資收入及匯兌收益╱虧損及商譽減值前的盈利  AGM  the annual general meeting of the Company for the year 2022 to be convened and held on  21 June 2023  「股東週年大會」  本公司將於二零二三年六月二十一日召開及舉行的二零二二年度股東週年大會  Anhui Hualin  Anhui Hualin Medical Investment Co., Ltd. ( 安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 19 December 2016 with 57% of its equity interest being held by Dongguan Kanghua Medical Rehabilitation Investment Company Limited ( 東莞康 華康復醫療投資有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and 43% held by Hefei Haihua Enterprises Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 合肥 海樺企業管理諮詢合夥企業 （有限合夥） ), an Independent Third Party  「安徽樺霖」  安徽樺霖醫療投資有限公司，於二零一六年十二月十九日在中國成立的有限公司，  其股權分別由一間本公司全資附屬公司（東莞康華康復醫療投資有限公司）及獨立  第三方 （合肥海樺企業管理諮詢合夥企業 （有限合夥） ） 持有  57%  及  43%  Anhui Hualin Group  Anhui Hualin together with the entities the results of which are consolidated into its financial  statements  「安徽樺霖集團」  安徽樺霖連同業績合併到其財務報表中的實體  Articles  the articles of association of the Company, as amended, modified or supplemented from  time to time  「章程」  本公司經不時修訂、修改或補充的公司章程  Audit Committee  the audit committee of the Board  「審核委員會」  董事會審核委員會  Board of Directors or Board  the board of Directors of the Company  「董事會」  本公司董事會  CG Code  the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules 香港上市規則附錄十四所載的 《企業管治守則》  「企業管治守則」  Company  Guangdong Kanghua Healthcare Co., Ltd. ( 廣東康華醫療股份有限公司 ),  a joint stock limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC, the H Shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock code: 3689)  「本公司」  廣東康華醫療股份有限公司，一家根據中國法律成立的股份有限公司，其  H  股於香  港聯交所主板上市 （股份代號：  3689  ）   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Controlling Shareholders  has the meaning ascribed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Kanghua Group, Xingye Group, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Ms. Wang Aiqin and Xingda Property as a group of Controlling Shareholders of the Company, and each of them, a 'Controlling Shareholder'  「控股股東」  具香港上市規則所賦予的涵義，除非文義另有所指，指王君揚先生、王愛慈女士、 康華集團、興業集團、陳旺枝先生、王愛勤女士及興達物業作為一組本公司控股股東， 而彼等各自為一名 「控股股東」  Director(s)  the director(s) of the Company  「董事」  本公司董事或任何一位董事  Domestic Share(s)  ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB and are unlisted Shares which are currently not listed or traded on any stock exchange  「內資股」  本公司股本中每股面值為人民幣 1.00 元並以人民幣認購或入賬列為繳足股款的普通股， 並且是目前未在任何證券交易所上市或交易的非上市股份  Group or we or our  the Company and its subsidiaries  「本集團」 或 「我們」  本公司及其附屬公司  H Share(s)  overseas listed foreign invested ordinary share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange  「 H 股」  本公司普通股股本中每股面值人民幣 1.00 元的境外上市外資普通股，於香港聯交所 主板上市  HK$ or Hong Kong dollars  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong  「港元」  港元，香港法定貨幣  Hong Kong  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC  「香港」  中國香港特別行政區  Hong Kong Listing Rules  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time  「香港上市規則」  《香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市規則》 ，經不時修訂、補充或以其他方式修改  Hong Kong Stock Exchange  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  「香港聯交所」  香港聯合交易所有限公司  Huaxin Building  refers to the complex ( 華心樓 )  at Kanghua Hospital which was commissioned to provide VIP healthcare services  「華心樓」  康華醫院華心樓，獲分派提供貴賓醫療服務   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DeGLYPH&lt;31&gt;nitions 釋義

| Independent Third Party(ies)  Any entity or person who is not a connected person of our Company within the meaning ascribed thereto under the Hong Kong Listing Rules  「獨立第三方」  根據香港上市規則，歸因於香港上市規則賦予的涵義，並非本公司關連人士的任何 實體或人士  Kangdi Enterprise  Dongguan Kangdi Enterprise Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康帝實業有限公司 ),  a  limited liability company established in the PRC on 25 July 2014 with 50% of its equity interest held by Mr. Wang Zhengren ( 王政仁 )  and 50% by Ms. Wang Keying ( 王可瑩 ),  all  of whom are members of the Wang Family, being cousins of Mr. Wang Junyang. Kangdi Enterprise holds a 15% equity interest in Renkang Hospital  「康帝實業」  東莞市康帝實業有限公司，一家於二零一四年七月二十五日在中國成立的有限責任 公司，其股權由王政仁先生及王可瑩女士各持有 50% ，彼等均為王氏家族的成員及 王君揚先生的堂兄弟姐妹。康帝實業於仁康醫院持有 15% 的股權  Kanghua Group  Dongguan Kanghua Investment Group Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康華投資集團有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 29 March 2002 and one of the Controlling Shareholders holding approximately 59.06% interest in the Company. It is owned as to 97.46% by Mr. Wang Junyang and as to 2.54% by Ms. Wang Aici. Kanghua Group, Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Xingye Group, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Ms. Wang Aiqin and Xingda Property are acting together as a group of Controlling Shareholders  「康華集團」  東莞市康華投資集團有限公司，一家於二零零二年三月二十九日在中國成立的有限 責任公司及我們其中一名控股股東，持有本公司約 59.06% 權益，其分別由王君揚先 生及王愛慈女士擁有 97.46% 及 2.54% 。康華集團、王君揚先生、王愛慈女士、興業集團、 陳旺枝先生、王愛勤女士及興達物業作為一組控股股東一致行動  Kanghua Healthcare Investment  Dongguan Kanghua Healthcare Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞康華醫療投資有限公司 ),  a limited liability company established in the PRC on 7 August 2020 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  「康華醫療投資」  東莞康華醫療投資有限公司，一家於二零二零年八月七日在中國成立的有限責任公 司且為本公司的全資附屬公司  Kanghua Hospital  Dongguan Kanghua Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 東莞康華醫院有限公司 ),  a  limited  liability company established in the PRC on 15 September 2005 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  「康華醫院」  東莞康華醫院有限公司，一家於二零零五年九月十五日在中國成立的有限責任公司， 且為本公司的全資附屬公司  Kanghua Hospital Lease Agreement  the lease agreement dated 10 April 2016 entered into between Kanghua Hospital and Kanghua Group with respect to the land and buildings underlying the operations of Kanghua Hospital  「康華醫院租賃協議」  由康華醫院與康華集團就康華醫院營運相關的土地及建築物訂立的日期為二零一六 年四月十日的租賃協議   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Kanghua Real Estate Development  Dongguan Kanghua Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (  東莞市康華房地產開發有限公司  ),  a limited liability company established in the PRC on 6 September 2016, and is owned as to  80% by Xingye Group and 20% by Xingda Property  「康華房地產開發」  東莞市康華房地產開發有限公司，一家於二零一六年九月六日在中國成立的有限責  任公司，由興業集團及興達物業分別擁有  80%  及  20%  Kangxin Hospital  Chongqing Kanghua Zhonglian Cardiovascular Hospital Co., Ltd. (  重慶康華眾聯心血管  病醫院有限公司  ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 10 June 2014 and a  non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  「康心醫院」  重慶康華眾聯心血管病醫院有限公司，於二零一四年六月十日在中國成立的有限公  司，為一間本公司的非全資附屬公司  Model Code  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix  10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules  「標準守則」  香港上市規則附錄十所載 《上市發行人董事進行證券交易標準守則》  Nomination Committee  the nomination committee of the Board  「提名委員會」  董事會提名委員會  Non-Competition Undertaking  the non-competition undertaking dated 11 October 2016 provided by the Controlling  Shareholders in favour of the Company  「不競爭承諾」  控股股東以本公司為受益人提供的日期為二零一六年十月十一日的不競爭承諾  O&amp;G  obstetrics and gynaecology  「婦產科」  婦產科  PRC or China  the People's Republic of China  「中國」  中華人民共和國  PRC Company Law  the Company Law of the People's Republic of China (  中華人民共和國公司法  ),  as  amended and adopted by the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People's  Congress on 28 December 2013 and effective on 1 March 2014, as amended,  supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time  「中國公司法」  《中華人民共和國公司法》 ，由第十二屆全國人民代表大會常務委員會於二零一三年  十二月二十八日修訂並通過，自二零一四年三月一日起生效，經不時修訂、補充及  以其他方式修改  Prospectus  the prospectus of the Company dated 27 October 2016  「招股章程」  本公司日期為二零一六年十月二十七日的招股章程  Remuneration Committee  the remuneration committee of the Board  「薪酬委員會」  董事會薪酬委員會   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DeGLYPH&lt;31&gt;nitions 釋義

Renkang Elderly Care Centre

Dongguan Renkang Elderly Care Centre Co., Ltd. ( 東莞仁康護理院有限公司 ),  a limited liability company established in the PRC on 27 September 2017 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Renkang Hospital

「仁康護理院」

東莞仁康護理院有限公司，一家於二零一七年九月二十七日在中國成立的有限責任 公司，且為仁康醫院的全資附屬公司

Renkang Hospital

Dongguan Renkang Hospital Co., Ltd. ( 東莞仁康醫院有限公司 ),  a  limited  liability company established in the PRC on 23 August 2005 with 57% of its equity interest being held by the Company, 15% by Kangdi Enterprise, 15% by Ms. Zhang Dandan and 13% by Ms. Wang Aier, respectively

「仁康醫院」

東莞仁康醫院有限公司，一家於二零零五年八月二十三日在中國成立的有限責任公司， 其股權分別由本公司、康帝實業、張丹丹女士及王愛兒女士持有 57% 、 15% 、 15% 及 13%

Renkang Hospital Lease Agreement

the lease agreement dated 10 April 2016 entered into between Renkang Hospital and Tongli Enterprise with respect to the land and buildings underlying the operations of Renkang Hospital

「仁康醫院租賃協議」

由仁康醫院與同力實業就仁康醫院營運相關的土地及建築物訂立的日期為二零一六 年四月十日的租賃協議

Reporting Period

the year ended 31 December 2022

「報告期間」

截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止年度

RMB

the lawful currency of the PRC

「人民幣」

中國法定貨幣

SFO

the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the laws of Hong Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

「證券及期貨條例」

香港法例第 571 章 《證券及期貨條例》 （經不時修訂、補充或以其他方式修改）

Share(s)

share(s) in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, including the Domestic Share(s) and the H Share(s)

「股份」

本公司股本中每股面值人民幣 1.00 元的股份，包括內資股及 H 股

Shareholder(s)

holder(s) of the Share(s) 股份持有人

「股東」

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| subsidiary or subsidiaries  has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong)  「附屬公司」  具有香港法例第 622 章 《公司條例》 賦予該詞的含義  substantial shareholder(s)  has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Hong Kong Listing Rules  「主要股東」  具有香港上市規則賦予該詞的含義  Supervisor(s)  the members of the Supervisory Committee  「監事」  監事會成員  Supervisory Committee  the Company's supervisory committee established pursuant to the PRC Company Law 本公司根據中國公司法設立的監事會  「監事會」  Tongli Enterprise  Dongguan Tongli Enterprise Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市同力實業有限公司 ),  a  limited liability company established in the PRC on 23 June 2003 with 43% of its equity interest being held by Ms. Wang Aiqin, 29% by Ms. Wang Aici, 15% by Ms. Zhang Dandan ( 張丹丹 ) and 13% by Ms. Wang Aier ( 王愛兒 ),  respectively, all of whom are members of the Wang Family, being aunts of Mr. Wang Junyang. Pursuant to a nominee arrangement among the Wang Family, (i) Ms. Wang Aici (an aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang) agreed to hold 16% of her equity interest in Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Junyang; (ii) Ms. Wang Aiqin (an aunt of Mr. Wang Junyang and the spouse of Mr. Chen Wangzhi) agreed to hold 15% and 6.5% of her equity interest in Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Junyang and Mr. Chen Wangzhi, respectively; and (iii) Ms. Wang Aiqin agreed to hold 15% of her equity interest in Tongli Enterprise on behalf of Mr. Wang Wencheng ( 王文成 )  「同力實業」  東莞市同力實業有限公司，一家於二零零三年六月二十三日在中國成立的有限責 任公司，其股權分別由王愛勤女士、王愛慈女士、張丹丹女士及王愛兒女士持有 43% 、 29% 、 15% 及 13% ，彼等均為王氏家族的成員及王君揚先生的姑母或姨母。根 據王氏家族中的代名人安排， (i) 王愛慈女士 （王君揚先生的姑母） 同意代表王君揚先 生持有其於同力實業 16% 權益； (ii) 王愛勤女士 （王君揚先生的姑母及陳旺枝先生的配偶） 同意代表王君揚先生及陳旺枝先生分別持有其於同力實業 15% 權益及 6.5% 權益；及 (iii) 王愛勤女士同意代表王文成先生持有其於同力實業 15% 權益  Wang Family  The family members of the founder of the Group, the late Mr. Wang Jincheng ( 王金城 ), including (i) his children; (ii) his siblings; (iii) the spouses of his siblings; and (iv) the children of his siblings  「王氏家族」  本集團創辦人已故王金城先生的家庭成員，包括 (i) 其子女； (ii) 其兄弟姊妹； (iii) 其兄 弟姊妹的配偶；及 (iv) 其兄弟姊妹的子女   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DeGLYPH&lt;31&gt;nitions 釋義

| Xingda Property  Dongguan Xingda Property Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市興達物業投資有限公司 ),  a limited liability company established in the PRC on 14 December 2001 and one of the Controlling Shareholders holding approximately 8.22% interest in the Company. It is owned as to 50% each by Mr. Chen Wangzhi and Ms. Wang Aiqin. Xingda Property, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Ms. Wang Aiqin, Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Kanghua Group and Xingye Group are acting together as a group of Controlling Shareholders  「興達物業」  東莞市興達物業投資有限公司，一家於二零零一年十二月十四日在中國成立的有限 公司及我們其中一名控股股東，持有本公司約 8.22% 權益，其由陳旺枝先生及王愛 勤女士各擁有 50% 。興達物業、陳旺枝先生、王愛勤女士、王君揚先生、王愛慈女士、 康華集團及興業集團作為一組控股股東一致行動  Xingye Group  Dongguan Xingye Group Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市興業集團有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC on 15 April 1997 and one of the Controlling Shareholders holding approximately 7.48% interest in the Company. It is owned as to 50.0% by Mr. Wang Junyang, as to 48.0% by Dongguan Kangwei Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. ( 東莞市康偉 實業投資有限司 ) and as to 2.0% by Ms. Wang Aici, respectively. Xingye Group, Mr. Wang Junyang, Ms. Wang Aici, Kanghua Group, Mr. Chen Wangzhi, Ms. Wang Aiqin and Xingda Property are acting together as a group of Controlling Shareholders  「興業集團」  東莞市興業集團有限公司，一家於一九九七年四月十五日在中國成立的有限公司及 我們其中一名控股股東，持有本公司約 7.48% 權益，其由王君揚先生、東莞市康偉 實業投資有限公司及王愛慈女士分別擁有 50.0% 、 48.0% 及 2.0% 。興業集團、王君揚 先生、王愛慈女士、康華集團、陳旺枝先生、王愛勤女士及興達物業作為一組控股 股東一致行動  %  percentage ratio  %  百分比比率   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->