## Annual Report

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2018

## Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Total Return

<!-- image -->

2022

(Mark One)

## ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to

Commission File Number: 001-38683

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## GUARDANT HEALTH, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Delaware

45-4139254

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

## 3100 Hanover Street Palo Alto, California 94304

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (855) 698-8887

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001

GH

The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  a  well-known  seasoned  issuer,  as  defined  in  Rule  405  of  the  Securities Act.    Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.    Yes ☐ No ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of  the  registrant  included  in  the  filing  reflect  the  correction  of  an  error  to  previously  issued  financial  statements. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  any  of  those  error  corrections  are  restatements  that  required  a  recovery  analysis  of incentive-based  compensation  received  by  any  of  the  registrant's  executive  officers  during  the  relevant  recovery  period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b).    Yes ☐ No ☐

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## FORM 10-K

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller  reporting  company,  or  an  emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated Filer ☒

Accelerated Filer ☐

Non-accelerated Filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period  for  complying  with  any  new  or  revised  financial  accounting  standards  provided  pursuant  to  Section  13(a)  of  the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness  of  its  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  under  Section  404(b)  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  (15  U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  shell  company  (as  defined  in  Rule  12b-2  of  the  Exchange Act).    Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non -voting common equity held by non -affiliates of the registrant, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $4.0 billion (based on the closing price of the registrant's common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022 of $40.34 per share).

As of February 17, 2023, the registrant had 102,663,734 shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share, outstanding.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement relating to its annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023, or the 2023 Annual Meeting, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, within 120 days after the end of the  fiscal  year  to  which  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  relates,  are  incorporated  herein  by  reference  where  indicated. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such proxy statement is not deemed to be filed as part hereof.

## GUARDANT HEALTH, INC. FORM 10-K

## For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

## PART I

| Page  Item 1.  Business  2  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  28  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  79  Item 2.  Properties  79  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  79  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  79  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases  of Equity Securities  79  Item 6.  [Reserved]  80  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  80  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  99  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  100  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  144  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  144  Item 9B.  Other Information  145  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  146  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  147  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  147  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder  Matters  147  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  147  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  147  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  147  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  150  Signatures   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled 'Business' and 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,' contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business, our results of operations, the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as 'believe,' 'may,' 'will,' 'estimate,' 'continue,' 'anticipate,' 'would,' 'could,' 'should,'  'intend'  and  'expect,'  variations  of  these  words,  and  similar  expressions  are  intended  to  identify forward-looking  statements.  These  forward-looking  statements  are  only  predictions  and  are  subject  to  risks, uncertainties  and  assumptions  that  are  difficult  to  predict.  Therefore,  actual  results  may  differ  materially  and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A,'Risk Factors,' of this Annual Report on  Form  10-K  and  elsewhere  herein,  and  in  other  reports  we  file  with  the  U.S.  Securities  and  Exchange Commission,  or  the  SEC.  While  forward-looking  statements  are  based  on  the  reasonable  expectations  of  our management at the time that they are made, you should not rely on them. We undertake no obligation to revise or update  publicly  any  forward-looking  statements  for  any  reason,  whether  as  a  result  of  new  information,  future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.

Each of the terms the 'Company,' 'we,' 'our,' 'us' and similar terms used herein refer collectively to Guardant Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated.

## RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

Our  business  is  subject  to  numerous  risk  and  uncertainties,  including  those  described  in  Part  I,  Item  1A.  'Risk Factors' in this  Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully consider these risks and uncertainties when investing in our common stock, including the full discussion of risks included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following:

- We have incurred significant losses since inception, we may continue to incur losses in the future and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability.
- We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability and our current or future products may not achieve or maintain sufficient commercial market acceptance.
- Our  operating  results  may  fluctuate  significantly,  which  makes  our  future  operating  results  difficult  to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide.
- New product development and commercialization involve a lengthy and complex process and we may be unable to develop or commercialize new products on a timely basis, or at all.
- Our current revenue is primarily generated from sales of our tests and we are highly dependent on them for our success.
- If our products do not meet the expectations of patients and our customers, our operating results, reputation and business could suffer.
- If we are unable to support demand for our current and future products, including ensuring that we have adequate  capacity  to  meet  increased  demand,  or  we  are  unable  to  successfully  manage  our  anticipated growth, our business could suffer.
- If  we  cannot  maintain  our  current  relationships,  or  enter  into  new  relationships,  with  biopharmaceutical companies, our revenue prospects could be reduced.
- If  we  cannot  compete  successfully  with  our  competitors,  we  may  be  unable  to  increase  or  sustain  our revenue or to achieve and then sustain profitability.
- We  have  experienced  challenges  attracting  and  retaining  qualified  personnel  due  to  competitive  labor markets and may continue to do so, and may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, all of which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy.
- We rely  on  a  limited  number  of  suppliers  or  sole  suppliers  for  some  of  our  laboratory  instruments  and materials and may not be able to find replacements or promptly transition to alternative suppliers.

- The COVID-19 global pandemic and the worldwide attempts to contain it have adversely impacted our supply chain and other aspects of our business, as well as our results of operations, and could continue to do so.
- We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and changes in regulations or violations of regulations may, directly or indirectly, reduce our revenue, adversely affect our operations and financial condition, and harm our business.
- Certain of our tests are currently marketed as laboratory developed tests, or LDTs, and future changes in FDA enforcement discretion for LDTs could subject our product offerings to more significant regulatory requirements.
- If  third-party  payers,  including  commercial  payers  and  government  healthcare  programs,  do  not  provide coverage  of,  or  adequate  reimbursement  for,  our  tests,  our  business  and  results  of  operations  will  be negatively affected.
- Our billing and claim processing are complex and time-consuming, and any delay in submitting claims or failure to comply with applicable billing requirements could hinder collection and have an adverse effect on our revenue.
- Issued  patents  covering  our  products,  services  or  technology  could  be  found  invalid  or  unenforceable  if challenged.
- The price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially and may do so in the future, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price at which you purchased them.
- Our indebtedness could expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or result in dilution to our stockholders.

## PART I

## Item 1. Business

## Overview

We are a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through the use of our proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. We believe our tests can transform cancer care by unlocking insights that will help patients at all stages of the disease, including at its earliest stages, when it's most treatable. For patients  with  advanced-stage  cancer,  we  have  commercially  launched  Guardant360  laboratory  developed  test,  or LDT,  and  Guardant360  CDx,  the  first  comprehensive  liquid  biopsy  test  approved  by  the  U.S.  Food  and  Drug Administration, or the FDA, to provide tumor mutation profiling with solid tumors and to be used as a companion diagnostic in connection with non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and breast cancer. We have also launched the Guardant360 TissueNext tissue test for advanced-stage cancer, Guardant Reveal blood test to detect residual and recurring disease in early-stage cancer patients, and Guardant360 Response blood test to predict patient response to immunotherapy or targeted therapy eight weeks earlier than current standard-of-care imaging.

We also collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in clinical studies by providing the above-mentioned tests, as well as the GuardantOMNI blood test for advanced-stage cancer, and the GuardantINFINITY blood test, launched in September 2022, which is a next-generation smart liquid biopsy that provides new, multi-dimensional insights into the  complexities  of  tumor  molecular  profiles  and  immune  response  to  advance  cancer  research  and  therapy development. Using data collected from our tests, we have also developed our GuardantINFORM platform to help biopharmaceutical  companies  accelerate  precision  oncology  drug  development  through  the  use  of  this  in-silico research platform to unlock further insights into tumor evolution and treatment resistance across various biomarkerdriven cancers.

In  May 2022, we launched the Shield LDT test to address the needs of individuals eligible for colorectal cancer screening. From a simple blood draw, Shield uses a novel multimodal approach to detect colorectal cancer signals in the  bloodstream,  including  DNA  that  is  shed  by  tumors.  In  addition,  in  December  2022,  we  announced  positive results from ECLIPSE, an over 20,000 patient registrational study evaluating the performance of our Shield blood test  for  detecting  colorectal  cancer  in  average-risk  adults.  We  also  expect  to  expand  into  lung  and  multi-cancer screening with our investigational, next-generation Shield assay.

## Our strategy

Our objective is to be the leading provider of precision oncology and screening products for cancer management across all stages of the disease and drive commercial adoption of our products. To achieve this, we intend to:

## · Increase awareness of our products by:

- building awareness of liquid biopsy and pioneering a blood-first paradigm for genotyping cancer patients;
- educating biopharmaceutical companies, key opinion leaders, or KOLs, and advocacy groups;
- advocating for inclusion of our tests in treatment guidelines; and
- expanding access to our products globally through direct investment and by leveraging our global network of partners.

## · Expand clinical utility and increase reimbursement for our products by:

- working with private and public payers to establish coverage and reimbursement for our tests;
- investing  in  clinical  evidence  directly  and  through  relationships  with  academia  and  biopharmaceutical companies to establish expanded indications for use;
- demonstrating improved clinical utility and health economics from use of our tests to patients, physicians and payers; and
- pursuing  FDA  and  other  regulatory  approval  internationally  of  our  tests  to  facilitate  reimbursement  and global market access.

## · Strengthen our relationships with customers by:

- demonstrating  the  utility  of  our  products  in  connection  with  standard  of  care  treatments  thereby encouraging clinical adoption;
- developing  and  seeking  approval  of  our  products  as  companion  diagnostics  for  targeted  therapies  and immuno-oncology therapies; and
- providing earlier insights into emerging clinically relevant biomarkers.

## · Expand our product portfolio by:

- using our commercial engine as a force multiplier of returns on research and development investment to generate data and analytical insights to enable development of new products;
- taking a disciplined and systematic approach to product and market development, by starting with therapy selection and then expanding sequentially towards early cancer detection;
- utilizing  our  data,  sample  biobank  and  insights  into  biology  of  circulating  tumor-related  biomarkers  in blood to develop our new products;
- building  on  our  regulatory  and  commercial  infrastructure  to  accelerate  new  product  launches  and  drive commercial efficiencies; and
- using  our  strategic  relationships,  including  our  partnerships  with  European  cancer  centers  and  research organizations, to drive global commercialization of our products.

## Our products and development program

We have launched various products and programs using our digital sequencing technology, which is enabled by robust, high-efficiency biochemistry at the front-end, next-generation sequencing and a machine learning augmented bioinformatics  pipeline.  We  believe  our  product  portfolio  could  address  the  full  continuum  of  cancer  care  for selected indications, and has utility in both the clinical and biopharmaceutical markets.

## Therapy Selection

## Guardant360 CDx Test

We believe our Guardant360 CDx test was the first comprehensive liquid biopsy test approved by the FDA, and is the market leading comprehensive liquid biopsy test, based on the number of tests ordered. Our Guardant360 CDx test is a 55-gene test to provide tumor mutation profiling to be used by qualified health professionals in accordance with professional guidelines in oncology for cancer patients with any solid malignant neoplasm. Our Guardant360 CDx test has also been approved by the FDA for use as a companion diagnostic to identify NSCLC patients who may benefit from treatment with TAGRISSO ® (osimertinib), RYBREVANT TM (amivantamab-vjmw), LUMAKRAS TM  (sotorasib) and ENHERTU ® (fam-trastuzumab  deruxtecan-nxki),  and  breast  cancer  patients  who may benefit from treatment with ORSERDU TM (elacestrant), marketed by biopharmaceutical companies. Additional gene content and immune-oncology biomarkers (e.g. microsatellite instability, or MSI) are reported in a professional services compendium to the FDA approved CDx report. Results are typically delivered within seven days following receipt of sample and delivered by a clinical report.

## Guardant360 LDT

The number of personalized therapy options for advanced cancer patients continues to grow, giving patients who may  have  cycled  through  standard  of  care  therapies  additional  options.  Focused  on  addressing  patient  care throughout  the  diagnostic  journey,  we  launched  an  updated  and  expanded  version  of  our  LDT  to  support  new guideline-recommended biomarkers. Our Guardant360 LDT test measures 80+ cancer-related genes, and has been used over 300,000 times by clinicians to help inform which therapy may be effective for advanced stage cancer patients  with  solid  tumors,  without  the  need  to  obtain  archival  tissue  or  subject  the  patient  to  another  invasive biopsy. Results are typically delivered, ten days following receipt of sample and delivered by a clinical report.

## Guardant360 Response Test

Our Guardant360 Response test, launched as an LDT, is the first blood-only liquid biopsy that enables doctors to view  molecular  response,  or  changes  in  circulating  tumor  DNA  (ctDNA)  levels,  from  a  simple  blood  draw  to potentially gain early insight regarding patient response to treatment. For doctors, knowing early and confidently if a patient's  treatment  is  working  is  critical  in  deciding  whether  to  continue,  stop,  or  explore  other  options.  Studies across cancers and therapies show the Guardant360 Response test predicted treatment response eight weeks earlier than current standard-of-care radiological and imaging scans.

## Guardant360 TissueNext Test

To complement our liquid biopsy-based products, we launched Guardant360 TissueNext as an LDT, our first tissuebased test which is designed to identify patients with advanced cancer who may benefit from biomarker-informed treatment.  Tissue  genotyping  is  currently  widely  available  to  physicians  and  patients.  We  believe  many  tissue genotyping products currently available to physicians and patients have experienced long delays in getting results to physicians and high failure rates because of the inability to obtain enough tissue or high-quality DNA for analysis. Such delay or inability to produce results from tissue genotyping can adversely affect providing the right treatment to  patients  at  the  right  time.  We  therefore  believe  our  Guardant360  TissueNext,  together  with  our  liquid  biopsybased products, have the potential to help address the challenges with tissue genotyping products currently in the market.

## Recurring Monitoring / Minimum Residual Disease

## Guardant Reveal Test

In the management of early-stage cancer, current tools do not identify all high-risk patients who will benefit from adjuvant therapy or detect recurrence early enough when it is most curable. We plan to address this need, first in early-stage  colorectal,  breast  and  lung  cancers,  with  our  Guardant  Reveal  test  launched  as  an  LDT  for  residual disease and recurrence monitoring. We believe the Guardant Reveal test has the potential to enable oncologists to improve the care of early-stage cancer patients by correctly identifying more high-risk patients than clinicopathologic  review  alone  and  by  detecting  recurrent  disease  months  earlier  than  current  standard  of  care methods like imaging carcinoembryonic antigen tests. We believe the Guardant Reveal test can improve turnaround by simultaneously interrogating both genomic and epigenomic signals from a single blood draw without the need for tissue.  Similar  to  our  data  development effort for our Guardant360 tests, we are investing heavily in establishing clinical utility for the use of Guardant Reveal in adjuvant treatment settings. We also believe our Guardant Reveal test  may  help  biopharmaceutical  companies  identify  new  drug  development  opportunities.  In  return,  these relationships  could  help  us  establish  clinical  utility  for  our  tests  and  create  new  testing  opportunities  related  to emerging therapies.

## Screening

## Shield Test

According to American Cancer Society: Colorectal Cancer Facts &amp; Figures 2020-2022, it is estimated that only 66% of adults at 50 years and older are screened despite compelling evidence that routine cancer screening can reduce colorectal cancer mortality, the second leading cause of cancer death. Therefore, we believe that there is a critical need to develop products to expand precision oncology to earlier stage cancer settings. These products could enable clinicians to precisely detect, and intervene in the disease evolution when the disease is more likely to be curable, key to significantly improving patient clinical outcomes. In order to systematically address this need, in May 2022, we launched the Shield LDT test to address the needs of individuals eligible for colorectal cancer screening. From a simple blood draw, Shield uses a novel multimodal approach to detect colorectal cancer signals in the bloodstream, including DNA that is shed by tumors. Our research and development results to date indicate that somatic signatures alone  may  be  insufficient  for  detection  of  early-stage  cancers  with  high  sensitivity.  For  this  reason,  we  have incorporated epigenomic signatures to enhance the performance of our Shield assay in these settings. In addition, in December  2022,  we  announced  positive  results  from  ECLIPSE,  an  over  20,000  patient  registrational  study evaluating the performance of our Shield blood test for detecting colorectal cancer in average-risk adults. The test demonstrated  83%  sensitivity  in  detecting  individuals  with  colorectal  cancer.  Specificity  was  90%  in  both individuals without advanced neoplasia and in those who had a negative colonoscopy result. These results exceed the performance criteria set forth by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, for reimbursement. This test also demonstrated 13% sensitivity in detecting advanced adenomas. Based on these study results, we plan to complete our premarket approval, or PMA, submission to the FDA in the first quarter of 2023.

We also  expect  to  expand  into  lung  and  multi-cancer  screening  with  our  investigational,  next-generation  Shield assay. To clinically validate the performance of our next-generation Shield blood test in detecting lung cancer in high-risk  individuals  ages  50-80,  in  January  2022,  we  enrolled  the  first  patient  in  a  nearly  10,000-patient prospective, registrational study, which we refer to as the SHIELD LUNG study. The study is anticipated to run in approximately  100  centers  in  the  United  States  and  Europe.  We  believe  that  developing  a  blood  test  for  early detection of cancer requires a vast amount of molecular and clinical data across all stages of the disease in order to better understand the biology and clinical relevance of tumor-specific biomarkers in blood. While we believe the benefits of early detection on clinical outcomes are widely known, early detection may also benefit biopharmaceutical  companies  by  identifying  a  much  larger  at-risk  population  who  may  benefit  from  early therapeutic intervention or from preventative medicines.

## Biopharmaceutical Offerings

## GuardantOMNI Test

Our GuardantOMNI test has a significantly larger genomic panel footprint than the Guardant360 LDT test and has achieved comparable analytical performance in clinical studies, including for translational science applications in collaboration  with  several  biopharmaceutical  companies.  It  covers  500  genes,  including  genes  associated  with homologous  recombination  repair  deficiency  and  biomarkers  for  immuno-oncology  applications,  such  as  tumor mutational burden and microsatellite instability.

In  order  to  preserve  performance  characteristics  of  our  Guardant360  LDT  test  across  a  broader  gene  panel,  we implemented additional enhancements to the assay efficiency and bioinformatics analysis to improve the sensitivity of our GuardantOMNI test. These enhancements are critical in the context of using the GuardantOMNI test in the retrospective testing of clinical study samples  for translational science applications in collaboration with biopharmaceutical customers, as those samples are often available with only a limited volume of plasma.

Validation data indicates that the GuardantOMNI test exceeds the Guardant360 LDT test's sensitivity for detecting clinically  actionable  biomarkers.  At  the  same  time,  broader  panel-wide  performance  of  small  variants  is  roughly similar to that of Guardant360 LDT test. The broad genomic footprint of our GuardantOMNI test enables accurate measurement of tumor mutational burden.

## GuardantINFINITY Test

In September 2022, we launched GuardantINFINITY, a next-generation smart liquid biopsy test that provides new, multi-dimensional  insights  into  the  complexities  of  tumor  molecular  profiles  and  immune  response  to  advance cancer research and therapy development. Our GuardantINFINITY assay provides a more comprehensive molecular profile of tumors than earlier assays, giving researchers access to novel genomic and epigenomic insights to provide a simultaneously deeper and more complete understanding of a tumor's biology, its system-wide interactions and the associated  immune  response  in  a  range  of  applications,  from  therapy  selection  to  molecular  response  and longitudinal monitoring. The assay's extensive methylome panel helps identify the unique methylation pattern that each tumor delivers, providing an important new dimension of research insights that has been largely unexplored in clinical development to date. GuardantINFINITY is available as a single modular assay with flexible configurations that can be tailored to fit a current application, along with the ability to unlock additional content modules at any time,  without  incurring  the  burden  or  delay  of  additional  sample  collection.  The  core  module  offers  genotyping coverage of more than 800 genes with sample-level methylation detection and tumor fraction score for biomarker discovery, clinical research, therapy selection and response monitoring.

## GuardantConnect

Because cancer patients often exhaust standard of care treatment options as the disease progresses and guidelines recommend clinical studies for cancer patients, clinical study matching is an acute need in oncology. At the same time,  biopharmaceutical  companies  need  to  fill  clinical  studies  that  require  screening  hundreds  of  thousands  of patients. Despite these needs, clinical study enrollment in oncology has severely lagged, with only approximately 8%  of  cancer  patients  enrolling  in  clinical  studies.  GuardantConnect  is  our  integrated  software-based  solution designed for our clinical and biopharmaceutical customers, seeking to connect patients tested with our assays with actionable alterations with potentially relevant clinical studies.

## GuardantINFORM

In  June  2020,  we  launched  GuardantINFORM,  our  real-world  evidence  platform  featuring  an  extensive  clinicalgenomic dataset of advanced cancer patients. The GuardantINFORM platform is intended to help accelerate research and development of the next generation of cancer therapeutics by offering biopharmaceutical partners an in silico resource  that  combines  de-identified  longitudinal  clinical  information  and  genomic  data  collected  from  our  tests. This robust dataset offers real-world insights into anti-cancer therapy use and associated outcomes, and molecular drivers  of  treatment  response  and  resistance  for  over  60  advanced  cancers  including  non-small  cell  lung,  breast, colon, and prostate. Applications for the GuardantINFORM platform cover research and development, clinical study planning and modelling, and commercial applications.

## Smart Liquid Biopsy Platform

Our smart liquid biopsy platform drives significant research and development efficiencies and operating leverage, which  supports  performance  improvements,  cross-development  of  new  applications,  cost  savings  and  improved turnaround time. While products continue to evolve by leveraging commonality in equipment, reagents, and staffing, this platform also provides a foundation for future product evolutions and data integration. We expect to migrate our products to the platform and we believe our smart liquid biopsy platform has the potential to unlock the power of the epigenome, broaden the view of what drives cancer biology, and provide industry leading high-sensitivity genomic and epigenomic detection at ultra-high specificity and low cost.

## Guardant Galaxy

Our Guardant Galaxy suite of advanced analytical technologies have been developed internally and through outside partnerships to enhance the performance and clinical utility of our portfolio of cancer tests, and to power the next generation  of  biomarker  and  drug  discovery.  The  first  application  in  the  Guardant  Galaxy  suite  is  an  AI-backed digital  pathology  platform  developed  by  Lunit®,  for  the  enhanced  Guardant360  TissueNext  PD-L1  test,  which improves detection of the cancer biomarker compared to manual pathologist interpretation in NSCLC cases. Future planned  applications  include  deep  learning-driven  genomic,  epigenomic  and  spatial  biomarker  discovery  via collaboration  with  biopharmaceutical  partners  and  integration  with  GuardantINFORM  real-world  clinical  data platform.

## Clinical Studies and Publications

The goal of our clinical development with our tests is to support its use for comprehensive genomic profiling across multiple tumor types, including as a preferred alternative to tissue testing to inform first line treatment right after diagnosis  and  at  time  of  disease  progression.  We  publish  peer-reviewed  studies  in  order  to  influence  treatment guidelines, to educate clinicians and other oncology stakeholders about the value proposition of our test and to set the stage for reimbursement with private and public payers. We have over 90 targeted therapy outcomes studies, more  than  300  peer-reviewed  publications  and  more  than  700  scientific  abstracts.  We  are  proactively  pursuing studies to support the use of our tests as a preferred alternative to tissue testing to inform first line treatment right after diagnosis, with the goal to provide evidence that our tests detect genomic alterations at a similar rate compared to standard of care tissue testing in the United States, Europe and Asia. Such a strategy is predicated on the tests' ability  to  offer  accurate,  reliable  and  fast  guideline-directed  comprehensive  genotyping  for  all  adult  solid  tumors without exposing patients to invasive biopsy procedures' risks, delays or chance of failure.

## Commercialization

Successful  commercial  adoption  of  our  tests  by  clinicians  and  biopharmaceutical  companies  is  critical  to  our business. For clinicians, endorsement by KOLs, utilization by academic centers and inclusion in national treatment guidelines  are  important,  especially  for  adoption  in  the  local  community  setting  where  80%  of  cancer  treatment occurs. We believe that our relationships with key stakeholders across the oncology space have helped facilitate the use of our tests by over 12,000 oncologists, who have collectively ordered our Guardant360 LDT test over 300,000 times, and over 150 biopharmaceutical companies.

## U.S. clinical commercial efforts

We sell our tests to clinical customers in the United States through our targeted sales organization. Our clinicianfocused  sales  organization  in  the  United  States  is  engaged  in  sales  efforts  and  promotional  activities  primarily targeting  oncologists  and  cancer  centers.  Our  sales  representatives  typically  have  extensive  backgrounds  in laboratory  testing,  therapeutics  and  oncology.  We  have  supplemented  the  team  with  clinical  oncology  specialists with extensive medical affairs experience for molecular information support in the field.

Our  clinical  commercial  efforts  are  focused  on  driving  adoption  with  academic  research  institutions  and  with community oncology practices, including through leading physician networks. As we continue to grow our sales organization, we are also expanding our reach to include large community practices, community oncology networks, integrated delivery/ payer-owned systems and government medical facilities that are looking for a reliable partner for comprehensive molecular information testing.

## Biopharmaceutical commercial efforts

Our business development team is focused on enterprise selling to biopharmaceutical companies in the United States and  internationally,  and  we  believe  we  can  support  our  biopharmaceutical  customers  across  many  applications, including:

- discovery of new targets and mechanisms of acquired resistance;
- retrospective sample analysis to rapidly identify biomarkers associated with response and lack of response;
- prospective screening and referral services to accelerate clinical study enrollment; and
- companion diagnostic development to support the approval and commercialization of therapeutics.

We also expect to be able to capture other commercial opportunities from our genomic data, which can be used in combination with clinical outcomes or claims data for multiple applications, including novel target identification.

## International commercial efforts and expansion

A component of our long-term growth strategy is to expand our commercial footprint internationally, and we expect to  increase our sales and marketing expense to execute on this strategy. We currently offer our tests in countries outside the United States primarily through direct contacts with insurers and hospitals, distributor relationships, and laboratory partnerships. Specifically, we have already demonstrated the ability to deploy our technology to partner laboratories such as cancer centers, for the development of test assays based on our technology platform. We believe that this capability will be important in accelerating adoption of our platform and the performance of our testing in certain countries. We are conducting studies in various jurisdictions and have started efforts to secure reimbursement in  several  countries.  As  these  studies  progress  and  we  near  commercial  opportunities  there,  we  are  seeking  to establish in-country laboratories and direct sales organizations.

In May 2018, we formed and capitalized a joint venture, Guardant Health AMEA, Inc., with SoftBank, which we refer  to  as  the  Joint  Venture  or  Guardant  AMEA,  relating  to  the  sale,  marketing  and  distribution  of  our  tests generally outside the Americas and Europe and to accelerate commercialization of our products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa. In February 2021, an affiliate of Guardant AMEA, submitted an application to Japan's Ministry of Health,  Labour  and  Welfare,  or  the  MHLW,  for  regulatory  approval  of  Guardant360  CDx.  In  December  2021, MHLW granted regulatory approval of Guardant360 CDx as a companion diagnostic for identifying patients with metastatic  NSCLC  who  may  benefit  from  treatment  with  LUMAKRAS™  (sotorasib).  In  March  2022,  MHLW granted regulatory approval of Guardant360® CDx in patients with advanced solid tumors. MHLW also approved Guardant360 CDx as a companion diagnostic to identify  patients  with  microsatellite  instability-high  (MSI-High) solid tumors who may benefit from Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) and patients with MSI-High advanced colorectal cancer  who  may  benefit  from  Opdivo®  (nivolumab).  In  February  2022,  we  received  CAP  accreditation  for  our laboratory in Japan where we expect to commence processing samples following receipt of additional certification for processing In Vitro Diagnostic, or IVD, samples and reimbursement approval.

As part of our international expansion and to obtain full control over operations throughout the Asia, Middle East and Africa region, in November 2021, we exercised our call right contained in the joint venture agreement with SoftBank to purchase all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for the payment of the aggregate purchase price to be determined based on an independent third-party valuation. Upon our exercise of the call right in November 2021, SoftBank no longer had the option to exercise its put right. In June 2022, we purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for a cash payment of the aggregate purchase price  of  $177.8  million,  as  determined  by  an  independent  valuation  firm,  which  resulted  in  $99.8  million  of  fair value adjustments to the noncontrolling interest liability for the year ended December 31, 2022.

In  June  2022, we signed a strategic partnership agreement with Adicon Holdings Limited, a leading independent clinical laboratory company based in China, to offer our industry-leading comprehensive genomic profiling tests to biopharmaceutical companies conducting clinical studies in China. We  expect the partnership to help biopharmaceutical companies bring the next generation of cancer therapies to patients in the region.

In  preparation  for  wider  commercialization  in  the  European  Union,  or  the  EU,  we  obtained  a  CE  mark  for  our Guardant360 CDx, Guardant360 LDT, and Guardant Reveal tests. In December 2020, we signed our first public private partnership agreement with Vall D'Hebron Institute of Oncology, or VHIO, one of Europe's leading cancer research institutions, and in May 2022, the first blood-based cancer testing services in Europe based on our industryleading digital sequencing platform became available at the VHIO testing facility in Spain. In October 2021, we signed a partnership agreement with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, a premier cancer center within the United Kingdom for patient care, research and teaching of all types of cancer. We expect these partnerships will lead to the establishment of our testing services at the partner laboratories, using our digital sequencing technology, as well as generation of clinical and economic evidence to support commissioning in other areas of Europe.

## Payer coverage and reimbursement

## Commercial payers

Payment from commercial payers can vary depending on whether we have entered into a contract with the payers as a 'participating provider' or do not have a contract and are considered a 'non-participating provider.' Payers often reimburse non-participating providers, if at all, at a lower amount than participating providers. When we contract with  a  payer  to  serve  as  a  participating  provider,  reimbursements  by  the  payer  are  generally  made  pursuant  to  a negotiated  fee  schedule  and  are  limited  to  only  covered  indications  or  where  prior  approval  has  been  obtained. Becoming a participating provider can result in higher reimbursement amounts for covered uses of our tests and, potentially, no reimbursement for non-covered uses identified under the payer's policies or the contract. As a result, the potential for more favorable reimbursement associated with becoming a participating provider may be offset by a potential loss of reimbursement for non-covered uses of our tests.

We  have  provided  testing  services  to  patients  covered  by  commercial  payers  with  many  cancer  types  and indications,  some of the time as a non-participating provider through 2022. We received reimbursement for tests across  the  spectrum  of  these  patients,  though  for  amounts  that  on  average  were  significantly  lower  than  for participating providers. Because we are not contracted with these payers, they determine the amount that they are willing  to  reimburse  us  for  any  of  our  tests  and  they  can  prospectively  and  retrospectively  adjust  the  amount  of reimbursement, subject to statue of limitations.

Our tests are currently covered by various commercial payers and our reimbursement is directly impacted by their policies.  We  have  experienced  situations  where  commercial  payers  proactively  reduced  the  amounts  they  were willing to reimburse for our tests, and where commercial payers have determined that the amounts previously paid were too high and sought to recover those perceived excess payments by deducting such amounts from payments owed to us.

In addition to our existing contracted payers, various laboratory benefit managers and evidence review organizations working with commercial payers have endorsed coverage of our Guardant360 test.

We are actively engaged to expand coverage among existing contracted payers and to achieve coverage with the remaining key commercial payers, laboratory benefit managers and evidence review organizations. This includes addressing variable coverage requirements and evidence required, and the need for enhanced guideline support.

As  we  broaden  our  coverage  amongst  contracted  payers  to  include  additional  tests  of  ours,  we  may  begin  to experience increases in average revenue per test performed; however, we cannot make any assurances that we will be successful in broadening our coverage on a timely basis or at all. Similarly, as we have experienced with our existing contracted payers, we cannot assure that the addition of new contracted payers will increase our average selling price or revenue.

## Government payers

Medicare coverage is limited to items and services that are within the scope of a Medicare benefit category that are reasonable and necessary for the diagnosis or treatment of an illness or injury. National coverage determinations are made  through  an  evidence-based  process  by  the  CMS,  with  opportunities  for  public  participation.  Medicare's National  Coverage  Determination,  or  NCD,  for  Next  Generation  Sequencing,  or  NGS,  provides  coverage  for molecular diagnostic tests such as our Guardant360 CDx test, if, among other criteria, such tests are offered within their FDA-approved companion diagnostic labeling.

In  March  2020,  we  began  to  receive  reimbursement  from  Medicare  for  claims  submitted  with  respect  to Guardant360  clinical  tests  performed  for  qualifying  patients  diagnosed  with  solid  tumor  cancers  of  non-central nervous system origin other than NSCLC. In May 2020, Noridian issued a coverage article and confirmed limited Medicare  coverage  for  our  Guardant360  test  for  qualifying  patients  diagnosed  with  solid  tumor  cancers  of  noncentral  nervous  system  origin  who  meet  the  criteria  of  Medicare's  National  Coverage  Determination  for  Next Generation  Sequencing  established  in  March  2018.  Under  Medicare,  payment  for  laboratory  tests  like  ours  is generally made under the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule, or CLFS, with payment amounts assigned to specific procedure billing codes. In April 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, which included substantial changes to the way in which clinical laboratory services are paid under Medicare. On June 23, 2016, CMS published the final rule implementing the reporting and rate-setting requirements under PAMA. Under PAMA, laboratories that receive the majority of their Medicare revenue from payments made under the CLFS were  required  to  report  to  CMS,  beginning  in  2017  and  every  three  years  thereafter  (or  annually  for  'advanced diagnostic  laboratory  tests'  (ADLTs)),  commercial  payer  payment  rates  and  volumes  for  each  test  they  perform. CMS uses this data to calculate a weighted median payment rate for each test, which is used to establish revised Medicare CLFS reimbursement rates for the test. We are subject to reporting requirements under PAMA and the Medicare rate for our tests will be calculated based on our private payer rates. On December 10, 2021, Congress passed  the  Protecting  Medicare  and  American  Farmers  from  Sequester  Cuts  Act,  which  delayed  the  next  data reporting  period  by  one  year  and  prevented  any  reduction  in  payment  amounts  from  commercial  payer  rate implementation  in  2022.  On  November  2,  2022,  CMS  published  its  final  rule  for  the  Medicare  Physician  Fee Schedule  for  calendar  year  (CY)  2023,  including  changes  for  clinical  laboratories  that  take  effect  on  January  1, 2023.  Changes  include  updated  regulatory  definitions  to  specify  the  data  collection  period  for  the  data  reporting period of January 1, 2023 through March 31, 2023; revisions to indicate that data reporting is required every 3 years beginning  January  2023;  and  to  confirm  that  for  CY  2022,  payment  may  not  be  reduced  by  more  than  0%  as compared  to  CY  2021,  and  for  CYs  2023  through  2025,  payment  may  not  be  reduced  by  more  than  15%  as compared  to  the  amount  established  for  the  preceding  year.  On  December  29,  2022,  Congress  passed  the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which prevented any reduction in payment amounts from commercial payor rate  implementation  for  2023;  delayed  by  one  year  data  reporting  requirements  for  tests  other  than  ADLTs;  and extended the three-year period in which payment may not be reduced by more than 15%, to CYs 2024 through 2026.

Current Procedural Terminology, or CPT, coding plays a significant role in how our tests are reimbursed both from commercial and governmental payers. In addition, Z-Code Identifiers are used by certain payers, including under Medicare's  MolDx,  to  supplement  CPT  codes  for  our  molecular  diagnostics  tests.  Changes  to  the  codes  used  to report to payers may result in significant changes in reimbursement. If their policies were to change in the future to cover additional cancer indications, we anticipate that our total reimbursement would increase. In January 2021, a PLA code was issued for our Guardant360 CDx test with an effective date in April 2021. Additionally, based on this new PLA code, we applied to the CMS for our Guardant360 CDx test to become an advanced diagnostic laboratory test, or ADLT. In March 2021, CMS approved ADLT status to the Guardant360 CDx test, based on which Medicare paid us at the lowest available commercial rate per test, from April 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Effective January 1,  2022,  Medicare  has  started  to  reimburse  Guardant360  CDx  services  at  the  median  rate  of  claims  paid  by commercial  payers  and  this  rate  will  apply  until  December  2023.  In  March  2022,  Palmetto  GBA,  the  Medicare administrative  contractor  for  MolDX,  has  conveyed  coverage  for  our  Guardant360  TissueNext  test  under  the existing  local  coverage  determination.  The  policy  covers  our  Guardant360  TissueNext  test  for  Medicare  fee-forservice  patients  with  advanced  solid  tumor  cancers.  In  July  2022,  Palmetto  GBA  conveyed  coverage  for  our Guardant Reveal test for fee-for-service Medicare patients in the United States with stage II or III colorectal cancer whose testing is initiated within three months following curative intent therapy, with an effective date of December 2021.

State Medicaid programs make individual coverage decisions for diagnostic tests and have taken steps to control the cost, utilization and delivery of healthcare services. We believe that additional state and federal health care reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the clinical laboratory industry and our ability to successfully commercialize our tests. Any of these or other changes could substantially impact our revenues and increase costs. We cannot predict how future healthcare policy changes, if any, will affect our business and financial success.

## Other Considerations

Where  we  are  not  reimbursed  in  full  or  at  all,  we  may  elect  to  appeal  the  insurer's  underpayment  or  denial  of payment or seek payment from the patient. However, insurer appeal and patient collection efforts take a substantial amount of time and resources and are often unsuccessful. We cannot guarantee future success of, or any payments from,  appeals  of  reimbursement  denials  by  payers.  Historic  success  and  payments  are  not  indicative  of  future success of and payments from such appeals.

Due to the inherent variability and unpredictability of the reimbursement landscape, including related to the amount that payers reimburse us for any of our tests, we estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized at the time a test is provided  and  record  revenue  adjustments  if  and  when  the  cash  subsequently  received  differs  from  the  revenue recorded. Due to this variability and unpredictability, previously recorded revenue adjustments are not indicative of future revenue adjustments from actual cash collections, which may fluctuate significantly. Additionally, if coding changes were to occur, payments for certain uses of our tests could be reduced, put on hold, or eliminated. This variability and unpredictability could increase the risk of future revenue reversal and result in our failing to meet any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide.

## Operations

We currently perform our tests in our laboratories located in Redwood City, California, and San Diego, California. Our Redwood City laboratory is CAP-accredited, CLIA-certified, NYSDOH-permitted, and licensed in California, Florida,  Maryland,  Pennsylvania  and  Rhode  Island,  and  also  achieved  ISO15189  accreditation.  Our  San  Diego laboratory  is  CAP-accredited  and  CLIA-certified.  In  addition,  our  Palo  Alto,  California  laboratory  is  currently operated as a center for our research and technology development. In February 2022, we received CAP accreditation for  our  laboratory  in  Japan  where  we  expect  to  commence  processing  samples  following  receipt  of  additional certification for processing IVD samples and reimbursement approval.

The proprietary validated methods utilize robust semi-automated workflows designed for high throughput sample testing. This methodology allows for rapid scaling of testing volume without impacting performance metrics. Our testing process includes sample collection, laboratory processing, analysis and reporting. All major processing steps utilize quality control to ensure consistent and reproducible results.

## Supply chain

We utilize industry leading vendors for our supply chain. Most reagents and materials are sourced from a limited number of vendors and would require qualification to transition to a different vendor. To mitigate risk, we employ a multi-month,  multi-lot  safety  stock  strategy  to  ensure  an  uninterrupted  supply  of  reagent  and  materials  to  our laboratories.  In  the  event  that  a  latent  defect  is  identified,  the  lot  of  material  in  use  is  expected  to  be  timely quarantined and changed for a new lot that has been previously qualified and released for use. The experience with our vendors has provided us confidence in their ability to produce consistent and quality instrumentation, reagents and materials.

In  September 2014, we entered into a supply agreement with Illumina, Inc., or Illumina, for Illumina to provide products  and  services  that  can  be  used  for  certain  research  and  clinical  activities,  including  certain  sequencers, reagents,  and  other  consumables  for  use  with  the  Illumina  sequencers,  as  well  as  service  contracts  for  the maintenance and repair of the sequencers. The initial term of the supply agreement, as amended, continues until January  2033,  and  automatically  renews  for  additional  one-year  terms  thereafter  unless  either  we  or  Illumina terminate the supply agreement for the other's uncured material breach, bankruptcy or insolvency-related events, or in the event a regulatory authority notifies such party that continued performance under the supply agreement would violate applicable laws or regulations. We may also terminate the supply agreement for convenience upon 90 days' prior written notice.

## Competition

Growing understanding of the importance of biomarkers linked with therapy selection, response and early screening is  leading to more companies offering services in genomic profiling. The promise of liquid biopsy testing is also leading  to  more  companies  attempting  to  enter  the  space  and  compete  with  us.  Our  main  competition  is  from diagnostic  companies  with  products  and  services  to  profile  genes  in  cancers  based  on  either  single-marker  or comprehensive genomic profile testing, based on next-generation sequencing in either blood or tissue.

Our competitors within the liquid biopsy space for therapy selection include Foundation Medicine, Inc., which was acquired by Roche Holdings, Inc. in 2018; Roche Molecular Systems, Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Invitae Corporation, Caris Life Science, Tempus Labs, Inc., and Agilent Technologies, Inc. In addition,  NeoGenomics  Laboratories,  Inc.,  Natera,  Inc.,  and  Exact  Sciences  Corp.,  among  others,  are  our competitors in minimal residual disease testing. Additionally, our competitors in the early screening testing space include GRAIL, Inc., Exact Sciences Corp., Freenome Holdings, Inc., Delfi Diagnostics and InterVenn Biosciences.

Competitors within the broader genomics profiling space based on tissue include laboratory companies such as BioReference Laboratories, Inc., Laboratory Corporation of America and Quest Diagnostics, Inc., as well as companies such  as  Myriad  Genetics,  Inc.,  and  most  if  not  all  of  the  competitors  within  the  liquid  biopsy  space  for  therapy selection, that sell molecular diagnostic tests for cancer to physicians and have or may develop tests that compete with our tests. In addition, we are aware that certain of our customers are also developing their own tests and may decide to enter our market or otherwise stop using our tests.

In addition to developing kits, certain diagnostic companies also provide next-generation sequencing platforms that could  be  used  for  liquid  biopsy  testing.  These  include  Illumina,  Inc.,  Thermo  Fisher  Scientific  Inc.,  Pacific Biosciences  of  California,  Inc.,  Ultima  Genomics,  Inc.,  Oxford  Nanopore  Technologies  Limited,  and  other companies developing next-generation sequencing platforms that are sold directly to biopharmaceutical companies, clinical laboratories and research centers. While many of the applications for these platforms are focused on research and development applications, each of these companies has launched and could continue to commercialize products focused on the clinical oncology market. These tests could include FDA-approved diagnostic kits, which can be sold to the clients who have purchased their platforms.

Furthermore, many companies are developing information technology-based tools to support the integration of nextgeneration sequencing testing into the clinical setting. These companies may also use their own tests or others to develop an integrated system which could limit our access to certain networks.

The promise of liquid biopsy is also leading to more companies attempting to enter the space and compete with us. Over  the  last  year,  that  has  included  new  and  accelerated  development  programs  by  a  number  of  potential competitors, and increasing levels of merger and acquisition activity by both existing and new competitors.

We believe key competitive factors affecting our success are the price and performance of our products, evidence of clinical  differentiation,  support  by  KOLs,  commercial competitiveness, turnaround time and scope and quality of payer  contracts.  Our  competitive  landscape  may  change  over  the  next  few  years  as  a  result  of  new  competitors entering through investment and acquisition activity.

## Intellectual property

Protection of our intellectual property is fundamental to the long-term success of our business. We seek to ensure that investments made into the development of our technology are protected by relying on a combination of patents, trademarks,  copyrights,  trade  secrets  (such  as  know-how),  license  agreements,  confidentiality  agreements  and procedures, non-disclosure agreements, invention disclosure and assignment agreements and other contractual rights and obligations.

Our patent strategy is focused on seeking coverage for our core technology, our digital sequencing platform, and specific  follow-on  applications  and  implementations  for  detecting  and  monitoring  cancer  or  other  diseases  by determining genetic variations in patient samples. In addition, we file for patent protection in connection with our on-going research and development activities, particularly those related to early-stage cancer detection, including those based on pattern recognition based on analyzing our extensive patient blood sample database, among others.

Our patent portfolio includes owned and licensed patents and patent applications, generally falling into three broad categories:

- issued patents and patent applications relating to our digital sequencing platform, including claims directed to methods  for  sequencing  cell-free  DNA,  identifying  CNVs,  SNVs,  indels  and  fusions  in  cell-free  DNA  and techniques for enriching nucleic acid samples;
- issued  patents  and  patent  applications  relating  to  detecting  and  monitoring  cancer  and  other  diseases  by determining genetic variations in biological samples; and
- issued patents and patent applications relating to early-stage cancer detection.

Issued U.S. patents and their international counterparts currently in our patent portfolio that relate to various aspects of our technology and products are expected to expire between 2026 and 2039.

We also bolster  our  proprietary  technology  by  acquiring  or  in-licensing  technologies  developed  by  third  parties. While we developed our digital sequencing platform internally, we believe the technologies we in-licensed from third  parties,  which  mostly  relate  to  improvements  to  next-generation  sequencing  technologies,  are  potentially valuable and of possible strategic importance to us or our competitors. Under some of our in-license agreements, we are obligated to pay low single-digit percentage running royalties on net sales of the product or service where the licensed technology is used in, subject to minimum annual royalties or fees for certain of the in-license agreements.

Our customers and partners recognize us as being a leader in the liquid biopsy field. Thus, just as patent and trade secret protection is essential to protecting our technology, we believe that it is equally as important for us to protect our  brand  and  identity.  We  have  filed  for  trademark  protection  in  our  name,  logo  and  products  globally,  in  the United States, Australia, South America, Europe and Asia.

We  intend  to  pursue  additional  intellectual  property  protection  to  the  extent  we  believe  it  would  advance  our business  objectives.  Despite  our  efforts  to  protect  our  intellectual  property  rights,  however,  we  may  not  be successful  and  our  intellectual  property  rights  may  be  invalidated,  circumvented  or  challenged  and  found unenforceable. In addition, laws of various foreign countries where our products are or expected to be sold may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States.

We also  rely  on  trade  secrets,  including  know-how,  to  protect  our  unpatented  technology  and  other  proprietary information, and to maintain and strengthen our competitive position. We have determined that certain technologies, such as aspects of our sample preparation methods and some bioinformatic analysis techniques, are better kept as trade secrets. To mitigate the chance of trade secret misappropriation, it is our policy to enter into nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to our trade secrets, such as our employees, collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also enter into invention disclosure and assignment agreements with our employees and consultants that obligate them to assign to us any inventions they have developed while working for us.

## Government regulations

## Federal and state laboratory licensing requirements

Under CLIA, a laboratory is any facility that performs laboratory testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose  of  providing  information  for  the  diagnosis,  prevention  or  treatment  of  disease,  or  the  impairment  of  or assessment  of  health.  CLIA  requires  that  a  laboratory  hold  a  certificate  applicable  to  the  type  of  laboratory examinations it performs and that it complies with, among other things, standards covering operations, personnel, facilities administration, quality systems and proficiency testing, which are intended to ensure, among other things, that clinical laboratory testing services are accurate, reliable and timely.

To renew our CLIA certificate, we are subject to survey and inspection every two years to assess compliance with program standards. Because we are a CAP accredited laboratory, CMS does not perform this survey and inspection and  relies  on  our  CAP  survey  and  inspection.  We  also  may  be  subject  to  additional  unannounced  inspections. Laboratories performing high complexity testing are required to meet more stringent requirements than laboratories performing  less  complex  tests.  In  addition,  a  laboratory  that  is  certified  as  'high  complexity'  under  CLIA  may develop, manufacture, validate and use proprietary tests referred to as LDTs. CLIA requires analytical validation including accuracy, precision, specificity, sensitivity and establishment of a reference range for any LDT used in clinical testing. The regulatory and compliance standards applicable to any testing we perform may change over time and any such changes could have a material effect on our business.

CLIA provides that a state may adopt laboratory regulations that are more stringent than those under federal law, and a number of states have implemented their own more stringent laboratory regulatory requirements. For example, state  laws  may  require  that  nonresident  laboratories,  or  out-of-state  laboratories,  maintain  an  in-state  laboratory license to perform tests on samples from patients who reside in that state. As a condition of state licensure, these state  laws  may  require  that  laboratory  personnel  meet  certain  qualifications,  specify  certain  quality  control procedures or facility requirements or prescribe record maintenance requirements. Because our laboratory is located in the State of California, we are required to and do maintain a California state laboratory license. We maintain a current  license  with  NYSDOH  for  our  laboratory.  In  addition,  our  laboratory  is  licensed  in  a  few  states  where nonresident  laboratories  are  required  to  obtain  state  laboratory  licenses  under  certain  circumstances,  including Florida,  Maryland,  Pennsylvania  and  Rhode  Island.  Other  states  may  currently  have  or  adopt  similar  licensure requirements in the future, which may require us to modify, delay or stop its operations in those states.

Failure to comply with CLIA certification and state clinical laboratory licensure requirements may result in a range of enforcement actions, including certificate or license suspension, limitation, or revocation, directed plan of action, onsite  monitoring,  civil  monetary  penalties,  criminal  sanctions,  and  revocation  of  the  laboratory's  approval  to receive Medicare and Medicaid payment for its services, as well as significant adverse publicity.

CLIA  and  state  laws  and  regulations,  operating  together,  sometimes  limit  the  ability  of  laboratories  to  offer consumer-initiated  testing  (also  known  as  'direct  access  testing').  CLIA  certified  laboratories  are  permitted  to perform testing only upon the order of an 'authorized person,' defined as an individual authorized under state law to order tests or receive test results, or both. Many states do not permit persons other than licensed healthcare providers to order tests. We currently do not offer direct access testing and our CLIA tests may only be ordered by authorized healthcare providers.

## Regulatory framework for medical devices in the United States

Pursuant to its authority under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, the FDA has jurisdiction over medical devices, which are defined to include, among other things, IVDs. The FDA regulates, among other things,  the  research,  design,  development,  pre-clinical  and  clinical  testing,  manufacturing,  safety,  effectiveness, packaging, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, pre-market clearance or approval, adverse event reporting, marketing, advertising  and  promotion  activities,  sales,  distribution  and  import  and  export  of  medical  devices  to  ensure  that medical  devices  distributed  domestically  are  safe  and  effective  for  their  intended  uses  and  otherwise  meet  the requirements of the FDCA. Unless an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified medical device we seek to commercially distribute in the United States will require either a premarket notification to the FDA requesting permission for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the FDCA, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, or approval  from  the  FDA  of  a  PMA  application.  Both  the  510(k)  clearance  and  PMA  processes  can  be  resource intensive, expensive, and lengthy, and require payment of significant user fees.

## Device classification

Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes-Class I, Class II or Class III-depending on the  degree  of  risk  associated  with  each  medical  device  and  the  extent  of  control  needed  to  provide  reasonable assurances with respect to safety and effectiveness.

Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be reasonably  assured  by  adherence  to  a  set  of  FDA  regulations,  referred  to  as  the  General  Controls  for  Medical Devices, which require compliance with the applicable portions of the FDA's quality system regulation, or QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse events and malfunctions, and appropriate, truthful and non-misleading labeling and promotional materials. Some Class I devices also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the 510(k) premarket notification process described below. Most Class I products are exempt from the premarket notification requirements.

Class II devices are those that are subject to the General Controls, as well as special controls as deemed necessary by the  FDA  to  ensure  the  safety  and  effectiveness  of  the  device.  These  special  controls  can  include  performance standards,  patient  registries,  FDA  guidance  documents  and  post-market  surveillance.  Most  Class  II  devices  are subject to premarket review and clearance by the FDA. Premarket review and clearance by the FDA for Class II devices is accomplished through the 510(k) premarket notification process.

Class  III  devices  include  devices  deemed  by  the  FDA  to  pose  the  greatest  risk  such  as  life-supporting  or  lifesustaining  devices,  or  implantable  devices,  in  addition  to  those  deemed  novel  and  not  substantially  equivalent following the 510(k) process. The safety and effectiveness of Class III devices cannot be reasonably assured solely by  the  General  Controls  and  special  controls  described  above.  Therefore,  these  devices  are  subject  to  the  PMA process, which is generally more costly and time-consuming than the 510(k) process. As part of the PMA process, the applicant must submit data and information demonstrating reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use to the FDA's satisfaction. Accordingly, a PMA typically includes, but is not limited to,  extensive technical information regarding device design and development, pre-clinical and clinical study data, manufacturing  information,  labeling  and  financial  disclosure  information  for  the  clinical  investigators  in  device studies. A PMA must also provide valid scientific evidence that demonstrates to the FDA's satisfaction a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use.

## The 510(k) clearance process

Under  the  510(k)  clearance  process,  the  manufacturer  must  submit  to  the  FDA  a  premarket  notification, demonstrating that the device is 'substantially equivalent' to a legally marketed predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to a PMA, i.e., a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was previously found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. To be 'substantially equivalent,' the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence.

After a 510(k) premarket notification is submitted, the FDA determines whether to accept it for substantive review. If it lacks necessary information for substantive review, the FDA will refuse to accept the 510(k) notification. If it is accepted for filing, the FDA begins a substantive review. By statute, the FDA is required to complete its review of a 510(k) notification within 90 days of receiving the 510(k) notification. As a practical matter, clearance often takes longer, and clearance is never assured. Although many 510(k) premarket notifications are cleared without clinical data, the FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence, which may significantly prolong the review process. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent, it will grant clearance to commercially market the device.

If  the  FDA  determines  that  the  device  is  not  'substantially  equivalent'  to  a  predicate  device,  or  if  the  device  is automatically classified into Class III, the device sponsor must then fulfill the much more rigorous pre-marketing requirements of the PMA approval process, or seek reclassification of the device through the de novo process. The de novo classification process is an alternate pathway to classify medical devices that are automatically classified into Class III but which are low to moderate risk. A manufacturer can submit a petition for direct de novo review if the manufacturer is unable to identify an appropriate predicate device and the new device or new use of the device presents a moderate or low risk. De novo classification may also be available after receipt of a 'not substantially equivalent' letter following submission of a 510(k) to FDA.

After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a new or major change in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, could require a PMA or de novo request. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the  proposed  change  requires  a  new  submission  in  the  first  instance,  but  the  FDA  can  review  any  such decision and disagree with a manufacturer's determination. Many minor modifications are accomplished by a letterto-file  in  which  the  manufacture  documents  the  change  in  an  internal  letter-to-file.  The  letter-to-file  is  in  lieu  of submitting a new 510(k) to obtain clearance for such change. The FDA can always review these letters to file in an inspection.  If  the  FDA  disagrees  with  a  manufacturer's  determination  regarding  whether  a  new  premarket submission  is  required  for  the  modification  of  an  existing  510(k)-cleared  device,  the  FDA  can  require  the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA is obtained  or  a de  novo request  is  granted.  In  addition,  in  these  circumstances,  the  FDA  can  impose  significant regulatory fines or penalties for failure to submit the requisite application(s).

In  addition,  over  the  last  several  years,  the  FDA  has  proposed  reforms  to  its  510(k)  clearance  process,  and  such proposals could include increased requirements for clinical data and a longer review period, or could make it more difficult  for  manufacturers  to  utilize  the  510(k)  clearance  process  for  their  products.  For  example,  in  September 2019,  the  FDA  issued  revised  final  guidance  describing  an  optional  'safety  and  performance  based'  premarket review pathway for manufacturers of 'certain, well-understood device types' to demonstrate substantial equivalence under the 510(k) clearance pathway by showing that such device meets objective safety and performance criteria established by the FDA, thereby obviating the need for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. The FDA has developed and maintain a list  device  types  appropriate  for  the  'safety  and  performance  based'  pathway  and  continues  to  develop  productspecific  guidance  documents  that  identify  the  performance  criteria  for  each  such  device  type,  as  well  as recommended testing methods, where feasible.

## The PMA process

We  currently  market  our  Guardant360  CDx  test  pursuant  to  an  approved  PMA.  The  PMA  process  is  more demanding than the 510(k) premarket notification process. In a PMA, the manufacturer must demonstrate that the device  is  safe  and  effective,  and  the  PMA  must  be  supported  by  extensive  data,  including  data  from  preclinical studies and human clinical studies. The PMA must also contain a full description of the device and its components, a full  description  of  the  methods,  facilities,  and  controls  used  for  manufacturing,  and  proposed labeling. Following receipt of a PMA, the FDA conducts an administrative review to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If it is not, the agency will refuse to file the PMA. If it is, the FDA will accept the application for filing and begin the review. The FDA has 180 days to review a filed PMA, although the review of an application more often occurs over a significantly longer period of time. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification  of  information  already  provided  and  may  issue  a  major deficiency letter to the applicant, requesting the applicant's response to deficiencies communicated by the FDA.

Before approving or denying a PMA, an FDA advisory committee may review the PMA at a public meeting and provide  the  FDA  with  the  committee's  recommendation  on  whether  the  FDA  should  approve  the  submission, approve it with specific conditions, or not approve it. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions.

Prior to approval of a PMA, the FDA may conduct inspections of the clinical study data and clinical study sites, as well as inspections of the manufacturing facility and processes. Overall, the FDA review of a PMA generally takes between one and three years but may take significantly longer.

If the FDA evaluation of a PMA is favorable, the FDA will issue either an approval order, or an approvable letter, the latter of which usually contains a number of conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the PMA. When and if those conditions have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the FDA, the agency will issue a PMA approval  letter  authorizing  commercial  marketing  of  the  device,  subject  to  the  conditions  of  approval  and  the limitations established in the approval letter. If the FDA's evaluation of a PMA or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. The FDA may also determine that additional tests or clinical studies are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or years while the studies are conducted and data is submitted in an amendment to the PMA, or the PMA is withdrawn and resubmitted when the data are available. The PMA process can be expensive, uncertain and lengthy and a number of devices for which the FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved for marketing.

In approving a PMA, as a condition of approval, the FDA may require some form of post-approval study or postmarket  surveillance,  whereby  the  applicant  conducts  a  follow-up  study  or  follows  certain  patient  groups  for  a number of years and makes periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional or longer term safety and effectiveness data for the device. The FDA may also approve a PMA with other post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of  the  device,  such  as  restrictions  on  labeling,  promotion,  sale,  distribution  and  use.  New  PMAs  or  PMA supplements  may  also  be  required  for  modifications  to  approved  diagnostic  tests,  including  modifications  to manufacturing processes, device labeling and device design, based on the findings of post-approval studies. Failure to comply with the conditions of approval can result in material adverse enforcement action, including withdrawal of the approval.

Certain  changes  to  an  approved  device,  such  as  changes  in  manufacturing  facilities,  methods,  or  quality  control procedures, or changes in the design performance specifications, which could affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, require submission of a PMA supplement. PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as a PMA, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by the original PMA and may not require as extensive clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel. Certain other changes to an approved device require the submission of a new PMA, such as when the design change causes a different  intended  use,  mode  of  operation,  and  technical  basis  of  operation,  or  when  the  design change is so significant that a new generation of the device will be developed, and the data that were submitted with the  original  PMA  are  not  applicable  for  the  change  in  demonstrating  a  reasonable  assurance  of  safety  and effectiveness.

## The IDE process

Clinical studies are almost always required to support a PMA or a de novo request, and are sometimes required to support  510(k)  submissions.  All  clinical  investigations  of  devices  to  determine  safety  and  effectiveness  must  be conducted  in  accordance  with  the  FDA's  investigational  device  exemption,  or  IDE,  regulations  which  govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion  of  the  investigational device, and  specify an array of recordkeeping,  reporting  and  monitoring  responsibilities  of  study  sponsors  and  study  investigators.  If  the  device presents a 'significant risk' to human health, as defined by the FDA, the FDA requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application to the FDA, which must become effective prior to commencing human clinical studies. If the device under evaluation does not present a significant risk to human health, then the device sponsor is not required to  submit  an  IDE  application  to  the  FDA  before  initiating  human  clinical  studies,  but  must  still  comply  with abbreviated  IDE  requirements  when  conducting  such  studies.  A  significant  risk  device  is  one  that  presents  a potential for serious risk to the health, safety or welfare of a patient and either is implanted, used in supporting or sustaining  human  life,  substantially  important  in  diagnosing,  curing,  mitigating  or  treating  disease  or  otherwise preventing  impairment  of  human  health,  or  otherwise  presents  a  potential  for  serious  risk  to  a  subject.  An  IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA notifies the company that the investigation may not begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other concerns with an IDE for which it requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical study to proceed under a conditional approval.

Regardless  of  the  degree  of  risk  presented  by  the  medical  device,  clinical  studies  must  be  approved  by,  and conducted  under  the  oversight  of,  an  Institutional  Review  Board,  or  IRB,  for  each  clinical  site.  The  IRB  is responsible for the initial and continuing review of the IDE, and may pose additional requirements for the conduct of the study. If an IDE application is approved by the FDA and one or more IRBs, human clinical studies may begin at a specific number of investigational sites with a specific number of patients, as approved by the FDA. If the device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical study after obtaining approval for the study  by  one  or  more  IRBs  without  separate  approval  from  the  FDA,  but  must  still  follow  abbreviated  IDE requirements,  such  as  monitoring  the  investigation,  ensuring  that  the  investigators  obtain  informed  consent,  and labeling and record-keeping requirements. Acceptance of an IDE application for review does not guarantee that the FDA will allow the IDE to become effective and, if it does become effective, the FDA may or may not determine that the data derived from the studies support the safety and effectiveness of the device or warrant the continuation of  clinical  studies.  An  IDE  supplement  must  be  submitted  to,  and  approved  by,  the  FDA  before  a  sponsor  or investigator may make a change to the investigational plan that may affect its scientific soundness, study plan or the rights, safety or welfare of human subjects.

During a study, the sponsor is required to comply with the applicable FDA requirements, including, for example, study  monitoring,  selecting  clinical  investigators  and  providing  them  with  the  investigational  plan,  ensuring  IRB review, adverse event reporting, record keeping and prohibitions on the promotion of investigational devices or on making safety or effectiveness claims for them. The clinical investigators in the clinical study are also subject to FDA's regulations and must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and study protocol,  control  the  disposition  of  the  investigational  device,  and  comply  with  all  reporting  and  recordkeeping requirements.  Additionally,  after  a  study  begins,  the  sponsor,  the  FDA  or  the  IRB  could  suspend  or  terminate  a clinical  study  at  any  time  for  various  reasons,  including  a  belief  that  the  risks  to  study  subjects  outweigh  the anticipated benefits.

## Expedited development and review programs

Following passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, the FDA implemented the Breakthrough Devices Program, which is a voluntary program offered to manufacturers of certain medical devices and device-led combination products that may  provide  for  more  effective  treatment  or  diagnosis  of  life-threatening  or  irreversibly  debilitating  diseases  or conditions.  The  goal  of  the  program  is  to  provide  patients  and  health  care  providers  with  more  timely  access  to qualifying devices by expediting their development, assessment and review, while preserving the statutory standards for PMA approval, 510(k) clearance and de novo classification. The program is available to medical devices that meet  certain  eligibility  criteria,  including  that  the  device  provides  more  effective  treatment  or  diagnosis  of  lifethreatening or irreversibly debilitating diseases or conditions, and that the device meets one of the following criteria: (i)  the  device  represents a breakthrough technology, (ii) no approved or cleared alternatives exist, (iii) the device offers significant advantages over existing approved or cleared alternatives, or (iv) the availability of the device is in the  best  interest  of  patients.  Breakthrough  Device  designation  provides  certain  benefits  to  device  developers, including  more  interactive  and  timely  communications  with  FDA  staff,  use  of  postmarket  data  collection,  when scientifically appropriate, to facilitate expedited and efficient development and review of the device, opportunities for efficient and flexible clinical study design, and prioritized review of premarket submissions.

## FDA regulation of laboratory developed tests

Although the FDA has statutory authority to assure that medical devices, including IVDs, are safe and effective for their  intended  uses,  the  FDA  has  generally  exercised  its  enforcement  discretion  and  not  enforced  applicable regulations with respect to in vitro diagnostics that are designed, manufactured, and used within a single laboratory for use only in that laboratory. We believe certain of our diagnostic testing products qualify as LDTs subject to the FDA's enforcement discretion.

Legislative  and  administrative  proposals  to  clarify  or  amend  FDA's  oversight  of  LDTs  have  been  introduced  in recent years and we expect that new legislative and administrative proposals regarding the regulation of LDTs will continue to be introduced from time to time. It is possible that legislation could be enacted into law or regulations or guidance  could  be  issued  by  the  FDA  which  may  result  in  new  or  increased  regulatory  requirements  for  us  to continue to offer our LDTs or to develop and introduce new tests as LDTs. For example, in recent years, FDA has stated its intention to modify its enforcement discretion policy with respect to LDTs. Specifically, on July 31, 2014, the FDA notified Congress of its intent to modify, in a risk-based manner, its policy of enforcement discretion with respect  to  LDTs.  On  October  3,  2014,  the  FDA  issued  two  draft  guidance  documents  titled  'Framework  for Regulatory Oversight of Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs),' or the Framework Guidance, and 'FDA Notification and  Medical  Device  Reporting  for  Laboratory  Developed  Tests  (LDTs),'  or  the  Reporting  Guidance.  The Framework Guidance stated that FDA intends to modify its policy of enforcement discretion with respect to LDTs in a  risk-based  manner  consistent  with  the  classification  of  medical  devices  generally  in  Classes  I  through  III.  The Reporting Guidance would have further enabled FDA to collect information regarding the LDTs currently being offered for clinical use through a notification process, as well as to enforce its regulations for reporting safety issues and collecting information on any known or suspected adverse events related to the use of an LDT.

On November 18, 2016, the FDA announced that it would not finalize either guidance document to allow for further public discussion on an appropriate oversight approach to LDTs and to give Congressional authorizing committees the opportunity to develop a legislative solution, and the FDA issued a discussion paper on possible approaches to LDT regulation in January 2017. The FDA could ultimately modify its current approach to LDTs in a way that would subject LDTs to additional regulatory requirements. Moreover, legislative measures could likewise result in a change to the approach to FDA's regulation over LDTs, including a requirement for premarket review of LDTs, among other things.

## Research use only or investigational use only devices

Some of our products are currently available for research use only, or RUO, or for investigational use only, or IUO, depending  on  the  proposed  application.  An  RUO  device  is  an  IVD  that  is  in  the  laboratory  research  phase  of development. RUO devices must bear prominent labeling stating: 'For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.' An IUO device is an IVD that in the product testing phase of development.  An IUO device must bear prominent labeling stating: 'For Investigational Use Only. The performance characteristics of this product have not been  established.'  Neither  RUO  or  IUO  devices  may  be  used  in  clinical  practice,  and  such  devices  cannot  be advertised  or  promoted  for  clinical  or  diagnostic  purposes.  Devices  that  are  intended  for  RUO  or  IUO  and  are properly  labeled  as  RUO  or  IUO  are  exempt  from  compliance  with  many  FDA  requirements  discussed  above, including the approval or clearance and QSR requirements. A device labeled RUO or IUO but intended to be used diagnostically may be viewed by the FDA as adulterated and misbranded under the FDCA and is subject to FDA enforcement activities. The FDA may consider the totality of the circumstances surrounding distribution and use of an RUO or IUO device, including how the device is marketed, when determining its intended use.

## FDA Regulation of Companion Diagnostics

If safe and effective use of drug or biologic depends on an in vitro diagnostic, then the FDA may require approval or  clearance  of  that  diagnostic,  known  as  a  companion  diagnostic,  at  the  same  time  that  the  FDA  approves  the therapeutic product. In August 2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that will apply to approval  of  therapeutic  products  and  in  vitro  companion  diagnostics.  According  to  the  guidance,  if  the  FDA determines  that  a  companion  diagnostic  device  is  essential  to  the  safe  and  effective  use  of  a  novel  therapeutic product for that indication, the FDA may will not approve the drug or new indication if the companion diagnostic device is not also approved or cleared for that indication. Approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device will  ensure  that  the  device  has  been  adequately  evaluated  and  has  adequate  performance  characteristics  in  the intended population.

Our Guardant 360 CDx test has been approved by the FDA for use as a companion diagnostic to identify NSCLC and breast cancer patients who may respond to certain therapies marketed by our biopharmaceutical customers.

## Pervasive and continuing FDA regulation

After a device enters commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include:

- establishment registration and device listing with the FDA;
- the FDA's QSR, which requires manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, production, control, supplier/contractor selection, complaint handling, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing process;
- labeling regulations, unique device identification requirements and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label uses;
- advertising and promotion requirements;
- restrictions on sale, distribution or use of a device;
- PMA annual reporting requirements;
- PMA approval of product modifications, or the potential for new 510(k) clearances for certain modifications to 510(k)-cleared devices;
- medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur;
- medical  device  correction  and  removal  reporting  regulations,  which  require  that  manufacturers  report  to  the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health;
- recall requirements, including a mandatory recall if there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences or death;
- an order of repair, replacement or refund;

- device tracking requirements; and
- post-market  surveillance  regulations,  which  apply  when  necessary  to  protect  the  public  health  or  to  provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device.

The FDA has broad post-market and regulatory enforcement powers. Medical device manufacturers are subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA and other state, local and foreign regulatory authorities to assess compliance with the QSR and other applicable regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of any suppliers. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which  may  include  sanctions  such  as:  warning  letters,  fines,  injunctions,  consent  decrees  and  civil  penalties; unanticipated  expenditures,  repair,  replacement,  refunds,  recall  or  seizure  of  our  products;  operating  restrictions, partial  suspension  or  total  shutdown  of  production;  the  FDA's  refusal  of  our  requests  for  510(k)  clearance  or premarket approval of new products, new intended uses or modifications to existing products; the FDA's refusal to issue  certificates  to  foreign  governments  needed  to  export  products  for  sale  in  other  countries;  and  withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that have already been granted and criminal prosecution.

## Foreign regulation of medical devices

Medical  devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices)  are  subject  to  extensive  regulation,  such  as premarket review, marketing authorization or certification, by similar agencies or notified bodies in other countries. Regulatory requirements and approval or certification processes are not harmonized and vary from one country to another. International regulators and notified bodies are independent and not bound by the findings of the FDA.

## Regulation of Medical Devices in the EU

The EU has adopted specific directives and regulations regulating the design, manufacture, clinical investigations, conformity  assessment,  labeling  and  adverse  event  reporting  for  medical  devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic medical devices).

In  the  EU,  there  is  currently  no  premarket  government  review  of  medical  devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic medical devices). However, the EU requires that all in vitro diagnostic medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the essential requirements of the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directive (Directive 98/79/ EC),  or  IVDD,  including  the  requirement  that  an  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  device  must  be  designed  and manufactured in such a way that it will not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients, or the safety and health of users and others. In addition, the device must achieve the performances intended by the manufacturer and be  designed,  manufactured,  and  packaged  in  a  suitable  manner.  The  European  Commission  has  adopted  various standards applicable to medical devices. There are also harmonized standards relating to design and manufacture. While  not  mandatory,  compliance  with  these  standards  is  viewed  as  the  easiest  way  to  satisfy  the  essential requirements  as  a  practical  matter  as  it  creates  a  rebuttable  presumption  that  the  device  satisfies  that  essential requirement.

Compliance with the essential requirements of the IVDD is a prerequisite for European conformity marking, or CE mark,  without  which  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices  cannot  be  marketed  or  sold  in  the  EU.  To  demonstrate compliance with the essential requirements laid down in Annex I to the IVDD, medical device manufacturers must undergo a  conformity  assessment  procedure,  which  varies  according  to  the  type  of  medical  device  and  its  (risk) classification.  As  a  general  rule,  demonstration  of  conformity  of  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices  and  their manufacturers with the essential requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any claims made about the performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable  evidence.  Except  for  (general)  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices  (i.e.,  all  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical devices other than those covered by Annex II to the IVDD and in vitro diagnostic medical devices for self-testing), where the manufacturer can self-declare the conformity of its products with the essential requirements, a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention  of  a  notified  body.  Notified  bodies  are  independent  organizations designated by EU member states to assess the conformity of devices before being placed on the market. A notified body  would  typically  audit  and  examine  a  product's  technical  dossiers  and  the  manufacturers'  quality  system (notified body must presume that quality systems which implement the relevant harmonized standards - which is ISO 13485:2016 for Quality Management Systems - conform to these requirements). If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant essential requirements, the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer may then apply the CE mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU. We have obtained CE mark for our Guardant360 CDx test and the non-CDx blood collection kit.

Throughout the term of the certificate of conformity, the manufacturer will be subject to periodic surveillance audits to  verify  continued  compliance  with  the  applicable  requirements.  In  particular,  there  will  be  a  new  audit  by  the notified body before it will renew the relevant certificate(s).

All manufacturers placing in vitro diagnostic medical devices on the market in the EU must comply with the EU medical device vigilance system. Under this system, incidents must be reported to the relevant authorities of the EU member states, and manufacturers are required to take Field Safety Corrective Actions, or FSCAs, to reduce a risk of death or serious deterioration in the state of health associated with the use of an in vitro diagnostic medical device that is already placed on the market. An incident is defined as any malfunction or deterioration in the characteristics and/or performance of a device, as well as any inadequacy in the labeling or the instructions for use which, directly or indirectly, might lead to or might have led to the death of a patient or user or of other persons or to a serious deterioration  in  their  state  of  health.  An  FSCA  may  include  the  recall,  modification,  exchange,  destruction  or retrofitting  of  the  device.  FSCAs  must  be  communicated  by  the  manufacturer  or  its  legal  representative  to  its customers and/or to the end users of the device through field safety notices.

The advertising and promotion of in vitro diagnostic medical devices is subject to some general principles set forth by EU directives. According to the IVDD, only devices that are CE marked may be marketed and advertised in the EU  in  accordance  with  their  intended  purpose.  Directive  2006/114/EC  concerning  misleading  and  comparative advertising  and  Directive  2005/29/EC  on  unfair  commercial  practices,  while  not  specific  to  the  advertising  of medical  devices,  also  apply  to  the  advertising  thereof  and  contain  general  rules,  for  example  requiring  that advertisements are evidenced, balanced and not misleading. Specific requirements are defined at national level. EU member  states  laws  related  to  the  advertising  and  promotion  of  medical  devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic medical devices), which vary between jurisdictions, may limit or restrict the advertising and promotion of products to the general public and may impose limitations on promotional activities with healthcare professionals.

Many EU member states have adopted specific anti-gift statutes that further limit commercial practices for medical devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices),  in  particular  vis-à-vis  healthcare  professionals  and organizations. Additionally, there has been a recent trend of increased regulation of payments and transfers of value provided to healthcare professionals or entities and many EU member states have adopted national 'Sunshine Acts' which impose reporting and transparency requirements (often on an annual basis), similar to the requirements in the United  States,  on  medical  device  manufacturers.  Certain  countries  also  mandate  implementation  of  commercial compliance programs.

In the EU, regulatory authorities have the power to carry out announced and, if necessary, unannounced inspections of companies, as well as suppliers and/or sub-contractors and, where necessary, the facilities of professional users. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements (as applicable) could require time and resources to respond to the regulatory authorities' observations and to implement corrective and preventive actions, as appropriate. Regulatory authorities have broad compliance and enforcement powers and if such issues cannot be resolved to their satisfaction can take a variety of actions, including untitled or warning letters, fines, consent decrees, injunctions, or civil or criminal penalties.

The EU regulatory landscape concerning medical devices is evolving. On April 5, 2017 Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Parliament and of the Council on in vitro diagnostic medical devices and repealing Directive 98/79/ EC and Commission Decision 2010/227/EU, or IVDR, was adopted to establish a modernized and more robust EU legislative  framework,  with  the  aim  of  ensuring  better  protection  of  public  health  and  patient  safety.  Unlike  the IVDD, the IVDR is directly applicable in all EU member states without the need for member states to implement into  national  law.  This  aims  at  reducing  the  risk  of  discrepancies  in  interpretation  across  the  different  European markets. On October 14, 2021, the European Commission proposed a 'progressive' roll-out of the IVDR to prevent disruption  in  the  supply  of  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices.  Consequently,  if  the  European  Parliament  and Council adopt the proposed regulation, the IVDR will fully apply on May 26, 2022 but there will be a tiered system extending the grace period for many devices (depending on their risk classification) before they have to be fully compliant with the regulation.

The IVDR will become applicable five years after publication on May 26, 2022. Once applicable, the IVDR will among other things:

- strengthen the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once they are available;
- establish explicit provisions on manufacturers' responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, performance and safety of devices placed on the market;
- establish explicit provisions on importers' and distributors' obligations and responsibilities;
- impose an obligation to identify a responsible person who is ultimately responsible for all aspects of compliance with the requirements of the new regulation;
- improve the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user or patient through the introduction  of  a  unique  identification  number,  to  increase  the  ability  of  manufacturers  and  regulatory authorities to trace specific devices through the supply chain and to facilitate the prompt and efficient recall of medical devices that have been found to present a safety risk;
- set  up  a  central  database  (Eudamed)  to  provide  patients,  healthcare  professionals  and  the  public  with comprehensive information on products available in the EU; and
- strengthen rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices that may have to undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market.

## Regulation of Companion Diagnostics

In the EU, in vitro diagnostic medical devices are regulated by the IVDD which regulates the placing on the market, the CE marking, the essential requirements, the conformity assessment procedures, the registration obligations for manufactures and devices as well as the vigilance procedure. In vitro diagnostic medical devices must comply with the requirements provided for in the IVDD, and with further requirements implemented at national level (as the case may be).

The  regulation  of  companion  diagnostics  will  be  subject  to  further  requirements  once  the  IVDR  will  become applicable on May 26, 2022. The IVDR introduces a new classification system for companion diagnostics which are now specifically defined as diagnostic tests that support the safe and effective use of a specific medicinal product, by identifying  patients  that  are  suitable  or  unsuitable  for  treatment.  Companion  diagnostics  will  have  to  undergo  a conformity  assessment  by  a  notified  body.  Before  it  can  issue  a  CE  certificate,  the  notified  body  must  seek  a scientific opinion from the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, on the suitability of the companion diagnostic to the  medicinal  product  concerned  if  the  medicinal  product  falls  exclusively  within  the  scope  of  the  centralized procedure for the authorization of medicines, or the medicinal product is already authorized through the centralized procedure,  or  a  marketing  authorization  application  for  the  medicinal  product  has  been  submitted  through  the centralized  procedure.  For  other  substances,  the  notified  body  can  seek  the  opinion  from  a  national  competent authorities or the EMA.

The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area, or EEA, which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland.

## Brexit

Since  January  1,  2021,  the  Medicines  and  Healthcare  Products  Regulatory  Agency,  or  MHRA,  has  become  the sovereign  regulatory  authority  responsible  for  Great  Britain  (i.e.  England,  Wales  and  Scotland)  medical  device market  according  to  the  requirements  provided  in  the Medical  Devices  Regulations  2002 (SI  2002  No  618,  as amended) that sought to give effect to the three pre-existing EU directives governing active implantable medical devices, general medical devices and in vitro diagnostic medical devices whereas Northern Ireland continues to be governed by EU rules according to the Northern Ireland Protocol. Following the end of the Brexit transitional period on January 1, 2021, new regulations require medical devices to be registered with the MHRA (but manufacturers were given a grace period of four to 12 months to comply with the new registration process) before being placed on Great Britain market. The MHRA only registers devices where the manufacturer or their United Kingdom, or UK, Responsible  Person  has  a  registered  place  of  business  in  the  UK.  Manufacturers  based  outside  the  UK  need  to appoint  a  UK  Responsible  Person  that  has  a  registered  place  of  business  in  the  UK  to  register  devices  with  the MHRA in line with the grace periods. By July 1, 2023, in Great Britain, all medical devices will require a UKCA, or UK  Conformity  Assessed,  mark  but  CE  marks  issued  by  EU  notified  bodies  will  remain  valid  until  this  time. Manufacturers  may  choose  to  use  the  UKCA  mark  on  a  voluntary  basis  until  June  30,  2023.  However,  UKCA marking will not be recognized in the EU. The rules for placing medical devices on the market in Northern Ireland, which is part of the UK, differ from those in the rest of the UK. Compliance with this legislation is a prerequisite to be able to affix the UKCA mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in Great Britain.

An MHRA public consultation was opened until end of November 2021 on the post-Brexit regulatory framework for medical  devices  and  diagnostics.  MHRA  seeks  to  amend  the  UK  Medical  Devices  Regulations  2002  (which  are based on EU legislation, primarily the EU Medical Devices Directive 93/42/EEC and the IVDD), in particular to create  a  new  access  pathways  to  support  innovation,  create  an  innovative  framework  for  regulating  software  and artificial intelligence, or AI, as  medical devices, reform IVD regulation, and foster sustainability through the reuse and remanufacture of medical devices. The regime is expected to come into force in July 2023, coinciding with the end of the acceptance period for EU CE marks in Great Britain, subject to appropriate transitional arrangements. The consultation indicated that the MHRA will publish guidance in relation to the changes to the regulatory framework and may rely more heavily on guidance to add flexibility to the regime.

In  addition,  the  Trade  Deal  between  the  UK  and  the  EU  generally  provides  for  cooperation  and  exchange  of information  between  the  parties  in  the  areas  of  product  safety  and  compliance,  including  market  surveillance, enforcement  activities  and  measures,  standardization-related  activities,  exchanges  of  officials,  and  coordinated product  recalls.  As  such,  processes  for  compliance  and  reporting  should  reflect  requirements  from  regulatory authorities.

Under the terms of the Northern Ireland Protocol, Northern Ireland follows EU rules on medical devices and devices marketed in Northern Ireland require assessment according to the EU regulatory regime. Such assessment may be conducted by an EU notified body, in which case a CE mark is required before placing the device on the market in the  EU  or  Northern  Ireland.  Alternatively,  if  a  UK  notified  body  conducts  such  assessment,  a  'UKNI'  mark  is applied and the device may only be placed on the market in Northern Ireland and not the EU.

## Other foreign regulations

In February 2021, Guardant Health Japan, an affiliate of Guardant AMEA, submitted an application to the MHLW, for  regulatory  approval  of  Guardant360  CDx.  In  December  2021,  the  MHLW  granted  regulatory  approval  of Guardant360 CDx in patients with advanced solid cancers. The Guardant360 CDx test was also granted approval as a companion diagnostic to identify patients with microsatellite instability-high (MSI-High) solid tumors who may benefit from Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) and patients with MSI-High advanced colorectal cancer who may benefit from Opdivo® (nivolumab). The MHLW additionally granted regulatory approval of the Guardant360 CDx liquid biopsy test as a companion diagnostic for identifying patients with metastatic NSCL cancer who may benefit from treatment with LUMAKRASTM (sotorasib), a KRAS G12C inhibitor developed and manufactured by Amgen.

To be sold in Japan, most medical devices must undergo thorough safety examinations and demonstrate medical efficacy before they are granted approval, or 'shonin.' The Japanese government, through the MHLW, regulates medical devices under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law, or PAL. Oversight for medical devices is conducted with participation  by  the  Pharmaceutical  and  Medical  Devices  Agency,  or  PMDA,  a  quasi-government  organization performing many of the review functions for the MHLW. Penalties for a company's noncompliance with PAL can be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company's business license and criminal sanctions. The MHLW and  PMDA  also  assess  the  quality  management  systems  of  the  manufacturer  and  product  conformity  to  the requirements of the PAL. We are subject to compliance inspections by these agencies.

We will seek approvals in other countries as may be required in the future.

## Federal and state fraud and abuse laws

We are  subject  to  federal  fraud  and  abuse  laws  such  as  the  federal  Anti-Kickback  Statute,  or  AKS,  the  federal Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act, or EKRA, the federal prohibition against physician self-referral, or Stark Law, and the federal false claims law, or the False Claims Act, or FCA. We are also subject to similar state and foreign fraud and abuse laws.

The  AKS  prohibits  knowingly  and  willfully  offering,  paying,  soliciting,  or  receiving  remuneration,  directly  or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to induce such person to refer an individual, or to purchase, lease, order, arrange for, or recommend purchasing, leasing or ordering, any good, facility, item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program. A person or entity does not need to have  actual  knowledge  of  the  statute  or  specific  intent  to  violate  it  in  order  to  have  committed  a  violation.  In addition,  the  government  may  assert  that  a  claim  including  items  or  services  resulting  from  an  AKS  violation constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act.

The  EKRA  prohibits  knowingly  and  willfully  soliciting  or  receiving  any  remuneration  (including  any  kickback, bribe  or  rebate)  directly  or  indirectly,  overtly  or  covertly,  in  cash  or  in  kind,  in  return  for  referring  a  patient  or patronage to a laboratory; or paying or offering any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate) directly or  indirectly,  overtly  or  covertly,  in  cash  or  in  kind,  to  induce  a  referral  of  an  individual  to  a  laboratory  or  in exchange  for  an  individual  using  the  services  of  that  laboratory.  The  EKRA  applies  to  all  payers  including commercial payers and government payers, and EKRA violations result in significant fines and/or up to 10 years in jail, separate and apart from existing AKS regulations.

The  Stark  Law  and  similar  state  laws,  including  California's  Physician  Ownership  and  Referral  Act,  generally prohibit, among other things, clinical laboratories and other entities from billing a patient or any governmental or commercial  payer  for  any  diagnostic  services  when  the  physician  ordering  the  service,  or  any  member  of  such physician's immediate family, has a direct or indirect investment interest in or compensation arrangement with us, unless the arrangement meets an exception to the prohibition.

Other  federal  fraud  and  abuse  laws  to  which  we  are  subject  include  but  are  not  limited  to  the  federal  civil  and criminal false claims laws including the FCA, which imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things,  knowingly  presents,  or  causes  to  be  presented,  a  false  or  fraudulent  claim  for  payment  to  the  federal government, and the federal Civil  Monetary Penalties  Law,  which  prohibits,  among  other  things,  the  offering  or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is  likely  to  influence  the  beneficiary's  selection  of  a  particular  provider,  practitioner,  or  supplier  of  services reimbursable  by  Medicare  or  a  state  healthcare  program,  unless  an  exception  applies.  Under  the  FCA,  private citizens  can  bring  claims  on  behalf  of  the  government  through  qui  tam  actions.  We  must  also  operate  within  the bounds of the fraud and abuse laws of the states in which we do business which may apply to items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers.

In  addition,  the  Physician  Payments  Sunshine  Act  imposes,  among  other  things,  reporting  requirements  on manufacturers of certain devices, drugs and biologics for certain payments and transfers of value by them and in some  cases  their  distributors  to  physicians  (defined  to  include  doctors,  dentists,  optometrists,  podiatrists  and chiropractors), certain other health care providers such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals,  as  well  as  ownership  and  investment  interests  held  by  physicians  (as  defined  by  the  statute)  and  their immediate family members. Manufacturers must submit reports by the 90th day of each calendar year. Because we manufacture our own LDTs solely for use by or within our own laboratory, we believe that we are currently exempt from these reporting requirements.

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations will involve  substantial  costs.  If  our  operations  are  found  to  be  in  violation  of  any  of  these  laws  or  any  other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and  Medicaid,  disgorgement,  contractual  damages,  reputational  harm,  diminished  profits  and  future  earnings, additional  reporting  or  oversight  obligations  if  we  become  subject  to  a  corporate  integrity  agreement  or  other agreement  to  resolve  allegations  of  non-compliance  with  the  law  and  the  curtailment  or  restructuring  of  our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. If any physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs.

In January 2022, we received a civil investigative demand, or CID, from the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California in connection with an investigation under the False Claims Act. The CID requests information and documents regarding billing government-funded programs for our panel of genetic tests known as Guardant360. We  are  fully  cooperating  with  the  investigation.  At  this  time,  we  are  unable  to  predict  the  outcome  of  this investigation.  See 'Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Proceedings' in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information.

## Data Privacy and Security

Numerous  state,  federal  and  foreign  laws,  regulations  and  standards  govern  the  collection,  use,  access  to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information, and could apply now or in the future to our  operations  or  the  operations  of  our  partners.  In  the  United  States,  numerous  federal  and  state  laws  and regulations,  including  data  breach  notification  laws,  health  information  privacy  and  security  laws  and  consumer protection  laws  and  regulations  govern  the  collection,  use,  disclosure,  and  protection  of  health-related  and  other personal information. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal data, including health-related  data.  Privacy  and  security  laws,  regulations,  and  other  obligations  are  constantly  evolving,  may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing.

## Cybersecurity

In the normal course of business, we may collect and store personal information and other sensitive information, including  proprietary  and  confidential  business  information,  trade  secrets,  intellectual  property,  information regarding  study  participants  in  connection  with  clinical  studies,  sensitive  third-party  information  and  employee information.  To  protect  this  information,  our  existing  cybersecurity  policies  require  monitoring  and  detection programs,  network  security  precautions,  encryption  of  critical  data,  and  management  of  third  party  risk.  We maintain  various  protections  designed  to  safeguard  against  cyberattacks,  including  firewalls  and  virus  detection software. We have established and test our disaster recovery plan and we protect against business interruption by backing up our major systems. In addition, we periodically scan our environment for any vulnerabilities, perform penetration testing  and  engage  third  parties  to  assess  effectiveness  of  our  data  security  practices.  In  addition,  we maintain insurance that includes cybersecurity coverage.

Our  cybersecurity  program  is  led  by  a  team  of  cybersecurity  professionals.  The  program  incorporates  industrystandard  frameworks,  policies  and  practices  designed  to  protect  the  privacy  and  security  of  our  sensitive information.  Our  cybersecurity  team  reports  to  the  full  Board  of  Directors  annually  on  information  security  and cybersecurity matters, or as needed. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is comprised of several members from our Board of Directors, has oversight responsibility for our data security practices and we believe  the  committee  has  the  requisite  skills  and  visibility  into  the  design  and  operation  of  our  data  security practices  to  fulfill  this  responsibility  effectively.  Five  members  from  our  Board  of  Directors  have  cybersecurity experience, including AmirAli Talasaz, Vijaya Gadde, Meghan Joyce, Samir Kaul and Myrtle Potter.

Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity program, our security measures cannot guarantee that a significant cyberattack  will  not  occur.  A  successful  attack  on  our  information  technology  systems  could  have  significant consequences  to  the  business.  While  we  devote  resources  to  our  security  measures  to  protect  our  systems  and information,  these  measures  cannot  provide  absolute  security.  See  'Risk  Factors  -  General  Risk  Factors'  for additional information about the risks to our business associated with a breach or compromise to our information technology systems.

## U.S. healthcare reform

In the United States, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes at the federal and state levels which  seek  to  reduce  healthcare  costs  and  improve  the  quality  of  healthcare.  For  example,  in  March  2010,  the Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act,  as  amended  by  the  Health  Care  and  Education  Affordability Reconciliation Act, or the ACA, became law. The ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both commercial and government payers and contains a number of provisions expected to impact our business and operations, some of which in ways we cannot currently predict, including those governing enrollment in federal and state healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse.

Since its enactment, there have been efforts to repeal all or part of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace.  The  executive  order  also  instructed  certain  governmental  agencies  to  review  and  reconsider  their existing  policies  and  rules  that  limit  access  to  healthcare,  including  among  others,  reexamining  Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA.

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to providers, effective on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect  through  2032,  with  the  exception  of  a  temporary  suspension  from  May  1,  2020  through  March  31,  2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken.

We anticipate there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and commercial payers to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Changes in healthcare coverage landscape could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able to charge for our tests, the coverage of or the amounts of reimbursement available for our tests from payers, including commercial and government payers.

## Employees and Human Capital

## Our Employees and Commitment to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,793 full-time employees, of which approximately 1,685 are in the U.S., with the remainder in Asia, Europe and Canada. We have also engaged and may continue to engage independent contractors to assist us with our operations. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining  agreement,  except  as  required  by  local  laws  such  as  in  some  European  countries,  and  we  have  never experienced  any  employment-related  work  stoppages.  We  also  track  voluntary  and  involuntary  turnover  rates, conduct frequent employee engagement surveys, and consider relations with our employees to be good.

As part of our mission to conquer cancer, we continue to advance our environmental, social and governance efforts, including enhancing the diversity and inclusiveness of our workplace. We believe that diversity of backgrounds and ideas  inspires  creativity  and  helps  us  create  the  innovative  technologies  that  patients  need.  We  appreciate  one another's differences and strengths and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on  the  basis  of  race,  religion,  color,  sex,  gender  identity,  sexual  orientation,  age,  non-disqualifying  physical  or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by applicable law. All employment is decided  on  the  basis  of  qualifications,  merit,  and  business  need.  Further,  we  have  policies  in  place  that  prohibit harassment of all kinds. We maintain an inclusive culture where all employees feel empowered to be their authentic selves. We respect and appreciate each employee's unique perspective and experiences, and value their contribution to  our  mission.  It  is  important  that  we  celebrate,  encourage  and  support  similarities  and  differences  to  drive innovation for the benefit of our employees, patients and community.

We are proud to employ a diverse workforce that, as of December 31, 2022, was 57% racially/ethnically diverse and 55% female. For leadership positions across the company, which is defined as director level and above, 34% selfidentified as racially/ethnically diverse and 40% self-identified as women. As of December 31, 2022, women held 50% of the independent director seats on our Board.

## Culture, Compensation and Benefits

We strive to recruit, hire and retain a talented and diverse team of people who align with our values. Our employees are supported with training and development opportunities to pursue their career paths and ensure compliance with our  policies.  Our  compensation  and  benefits  team  strive  to  develop  and  implement  policies  and  programs  that support our business goals, maintain competitiveness, promote shared fiscal responsibility among our employees, strategically  align  talent  within  our  organization  and  reward  performance,  while  also  managing  the  costs  of  such policies  and  programs.  In  order  to  ensure  that  we  are  meeting  our  human  capital  objectives,  we  regularly  utilize employee  engagement  surveys  to  understand  the  effectiveness  of  our  employee  development  and  compensation programs and where we can improve across the company. We also regularly evaluate our compensation programs with  an  independent  compensation  consultant  and  utilize  industry  benchmarking  in  an  effort  to  ensure  they  are competitive compared to similar biotechnology and biopharmaceutical companies with which we compete for talent, as well as fair and equitable across our workforce with respect to gender, race and other personal characteristics.

We are committed to rewarding, supporting, and developing the employees who make it possible to deliver on our strategy. To that end, we offer a comprehensive total rewards package that includes market-competitive fixed and/or variable pay, broad-based equity grants and bonuses, access to medical, dental, vision and life insurance benefits, disability coverage, fertility subsidies, retirement savings plans, paid time off and family leave, caregiving support, fitness, cellphone and internet reimbursements, and mental health and other wellness benefits.

## Available information

Our  website  is  located  at https://guardanthealth.com .  Our  Annual  Reports  on  Form  10-K,  Quarterly  Reports  on Form  10-Q,  Current  Reports  on  Form  8-K,  including  their  exhibits,  proxy  and  information  statements,  and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available through the 'Investors' portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated  herein  by  reference.  In  addition,  our  filings  with  the  SEC  may  be  accessed  through  the  SEC's Interactive Data Electronic Applications system at http://www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

## Risk Factors

Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties including those described below. You  should  consider  carefully  the  risks  and  uncertainties  described  below,  in  addition  to  other  information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or others not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline.

## Risks related to our business and strategy

## We have incurred significant losses since inception, we may continue to incur losses in the future and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability.

We have incurred significant losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred net losses of $654.6 million, $384.8 million and $246.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.7 billion. To date, we have financed our operations principally from the sale of stock or convertible securities, and revenue from precision oncology testing and our development services. We have devoted substantially all of our resources to the development and commercialization of our current products and to research  and  development  activities  related  to  our  future  products,  including  clinical  and  regulatory  initiatives  to obtain  marketing  approval  and  sales  and  marketing  activities.  We  will  need  to  generate  substantial  revenue  to achieve and then sustain profitability, and even if we achieve profitability, we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any period of time. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impact the value of our common stock.

## We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve and maintain profitability and our current or future products may not achieve or maintain sufficient commercial market acceptance.

We are currently not profitable. Even if we succeed in increasing adoption of our existing products and services by physicians,  obtaining  additional  coverage  decisions  from  commercial  and  government  payers,  maintaining  and creating relationships with our existing and new biopharmaceutical partners, and developing and commercializing additional  products  and  services,  we  may  not  be  able  to  generate  sufficient  revenue  to  achieve  or  maintain profitability.

We believe our commercial success is dependent upon our ability to continue to successfully market and sell our current  and  future  products,  to  continue  to  expand  our  current  relationships  and  develop  new  relationships  with clinicians and biopharmaceutical customers and to develop and commercialize new products. Our ability to achieve and maintain sufficient commercial market acceptance of our existing and future products will depend on a number of factors, including:

- our ability to increase awareness of our tests and the benefits of liquid biopsy;
- the rate of adoption and/or endorsement of our tests by clinicians, KOLs, advocacy groups and biopharmaceutical companies;
- the  timing  and  scope  of  any  approval  or  certification  by  regulatory  agencies,  including  the  FDA,  or  notified bodies for our tests;
- our ability to obtain positive coverage decisions for our tests from additional commercial payers and to broaden the scope of indications included in such coverage decisions;
- our ability to obtain reimbursement and expanded coverage from government payers, including Medicare;
- the impact of our investments in product innovation and commercial growth;
- negative publicity regarding ours or our competitors' products resulting from defects or errors; and
- our ability to further validate our technology through clinical research and accompanying publications.

We cannot assure that we will be successful in addressing each of these criteria or other criteria that might affect the market acceptance of our products. If we are unsuccessful in achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our products, our business and results of operations will suffer.

## Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide.

Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. These fluctuations may occur due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to:

- the level of demand for any of our products, which may vary significantly;
- the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research, development, regulatory approval or certification and commercialization activities relating to our products, which may change from time to time;
- the volume and customer mix of our precision oncology testing;
- the start and completion of projects in which our development services are utilized;
- the introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry;
- coverage and reimbursement policies with respect to our products and products that compete with our products;
- expenditures that we may incur to acquire, develop or commercialize additional products and technologies;
- changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or certifications or applications;
- future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies;
- developments or disruptions in the business and operations of our clinical, commercial and other partners;
- the impact of natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, and political unrest, epidemics or pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; and
- the effects of high inflation or other general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.

Additionally, it is difficult to predict the amount we are able to collect for our tests from commercial payers. We receive reimbursement for our tests from several commercial payers for whom we are not a participating provider. Because we are not contracted with these payers, they determine the amount they are willing to reimburse us for tests. We have provided testing services to patients with many cancer types and indications, some of the time as a non-participating  provider  through  2022.  When  we  have  received  payment  as  a  non-participating  provider,  the amounts, on average, were significantly lower than for participating providers. Even when these payers have paid a claim,  they  may  elect  at  any  time  to  review  previously  paid  claims  for  overpayment  against  these  claims.  In  the event  of  an  overpayment  determination,  the  payer  may  offset  the  amount  they  determine  they  overpaid  against amounts they owe us on current claims. We have limited leverage to dispute these retroactive adjustments and we cannot predict when, or how often, a payer might engage in these reviews. A significant amount of these offsets by one or more payers in any given quarter could have a material effect on our results of operations and cause them to fall below expectations or guidance we may provide. Our efforts to become a participating provider of a number of commercial payers may not be successful. Even when we have obtained positive coverage decisions for our tests from  commercial  payers  and  entered  into  agreements  with  them,  such  agreements  typically  are  standard  form contracts  and  may  allow  payers  to  terminate  coverage  on  short  notice,  impose  significant  obligations  on  us  and create additional regulatory and compliance hurdles for us.

As part of our reimbursement operations, we appeal denials from payers, and if successful, we receive payments from these appeals. However, due to the inherent variability of the insurance landscape, we cannot guarantee future success of, or any payments from, appeals of reimbursement denials by payers. Historic success and payments are not indicative of future success of and payments from such appeals.

Due to the inherent variability and unpredictability of the reimbursement landscape, including related to the amount that payers reimburse us for any of our tests, we estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized at the time a test is provided  and  record  revenue  adjustments  if  and  when  the  cash  subsequently  received  for  a  test  differs  from  the revenue recorded for the test. Due to this variability and unpredictability, previously recorded revenue adjustments are not indicative of future revenue adjustments from actual cash collections, which may fluctuate significantly.

The  cumulative  effects  of  factors  discussed  above  could  result  in  large  fluctuations  and  unpredictability  in  our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance.

This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide.

## New product development and commercialization involve a lengthy and complex process and we may be unable to develop or commercialize new products on a timely basis, or at all.

Products that are under development have taken time and considerable resources to develop, and we may not be able to complete the development and commercialization of the such products for clinical use on a timely basis, or at all. For example, there can be no assurance that we will be able to produce commercial products for early detection of cancer. Before we can commercialize any new products, we will need to expend significant funds in order to:

- conduct substantial research and development, including validation studies and clinical studies;
- further develop and scale our laboratory processes to accommodate different products; and
- further develop and scale our infrastructure to be able to analyze increasingly large amounts of data.

Our product development process involves a high degree of risk, and product development efforts may fail for many reasons, including:

- failure of the product to perform as expected, including defects and errors;
- lack of validation data; or
- failure to demonstrate the clinical utility of the product.

Our development plan involves using data and analytical insights generated from our current products as a force multiplier of returns on research and development investment in our future products. However, if we are unable to generate  additional  or  compatible  data  and  insights,  then  we  may  not  be  able  to  advance  our  products  under development as quickly, or at all, or without significant additional investment.

As  we  develop  products,  we  have  made  and  will  have  to  make  significant  investments  in  product  development, marketing and selling resources,  including  investing  heavily  in  clinical  studies,  which  could  adversely  affect  our future cash flows.

## Our current revenue is primarily generated from sales of our tests and we are highly dependent on them for our success.

Our ability to execute our growth strategy and become profitable is highly dependent on the continued adoption and use of our tests, which accounted for almost all of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Continued adoption and use of our tests will depend on several factors, including the prices we charge for our tests,  the  scope  of  coverage  and  amount  of  reimbursement  available  from  third-party  payers  for  our  tests,  the availability of clinical data that supports the value of our tests and the inclusion of our tests in industry treatment guidelines. In addition, many biopharmaceutical companies have existing relationships with companies that develop molecular diagnostic tests, including our competitors, and may continue to use their tests instead of ours. Despite our business  development  efforts,  it  could  be  difficult,  expensive  and/or  time-consuming  for  biopharmaceutical companies  to switch diagnostic tests for their products, and our tests may  not  be widely accepted by biopharmaceutical companies, if at all, which could in turn hinder the growth of sales of our tests. If we are unable to  achieve  commercial success for our tests, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be materially  and  adversely  affected.  We  cannot  assure  that  our  tests  will  continue  to  maintain  or  gain  market acceptance, and any failure to do so would materially harm our business and results of operations.

## If our products do not meet the expectations of patients and our customers, our operating results, reputation and business could suffer.

Our  success  depends  on  the  market's  confidence  that  we  can  provide  reliable,  high-quality  precision  oncology products  that will improve  clinical  outcomes,  lower  healthcare  costs  and  enable  better  biopharmaceutical development.  We  believe  that  patients,  clinicians  and  biopharmaceutical  companies  are  likely  to  be  particularly sensitive to product defects and errors in the use of our products, including if our products fail to detect genomic alterations with high accuracy from samples or if we fail to list or inaccurately include certain treatment options and available  clinical  studies  in  our  test  reports,  and  there  can  be  no  guarantee  that  our  products  will  meet  their expectations.  Furthermore,  if  our  competitors'  products  do  not  perform  to  expectations,  it  may  result  in  lower confidence in our tests as well. As a result, the failure of our products to perform as expected could significantly impair  our  operating  results  and  our  reputation.  In  addition,  we  may  be  subject  to  legal  claims  arising  from  any defects or errors in our products.

## If  we  are  unable  to  support  demand  for  our  current  and  future  products,  including  ensuring  that  we  have adequate capacity to meet increased demand, or we are unable to successfully manage our anticipated growth, our business could suffer.

As our volume of test sales grows, we will need to continue to increase our workflow capacity for sample intake, customer  service,  billing  and  general  process  improvements,  expand  our  internal  quality  assurance  program  and extend our platform to support comprehensive genomic analysis at a larger scale within expected turnaround times. We will need additional certified laboratory scientists and other scientific and technical personnel to process higher volumes of our precision oncology products. Portions of our process are not automated and will require additional personnel to scale. We will also need to purchase additional equipment, some of which can take several months or more to procure, setup and validate, and increase our software and computing capacity to meet increased demand. There  is  no  assurance  that  any  of  these  increases  in  scale,  expansion  of  personnel,  equipment,  software  and computing  capacities  or  process  enhancements  will  be  successfully  implemented,  if  at  all,  or  that  we  will  have adequate space in our laboratory facility or be able to secure additional facility space to accommodate such required expansion.

As we commercialize additional products, we will need to incorporate new equipment, implement new technology systems  and  laboratory  processes,  and  hire  new  personnel  with  different  qualifications.  Failure  to  manage  this growth  or  transition  could  result  in  turnaround  time  delays,  higher  product  costs,  declining  product  quality, deteriorating customer service and slower responses to competitive challenges. A failure in any one of these areas could make it difficult for us to meet market expectations for our products and could damage our reputation and the prospects for our business.

## If  we  cannot  maintain  our  current  relationships,  or  enter  into  new  relationships,  with  biopharmaceutical companies, our revenue prospects could be reduced.

Biopharmaceutical  customers  collaborate  with  us  for  analysis  of  whole  blood  or  plasma  samples  for  multiple applications  primarily  to  support  clinical  studies,  including  patient  identification,  companion  diagnostics  and retrospective  testing.  In  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  revenue  from  our  top  five biopharmaceutical  customers,  including  their  affiliated  entities,  accounted  for  18%,  18%  and  27%  of  our  total revenue, respectively. The revenue attributable to our biopharmaceutical customers may also fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the termination of  these  relationships  could  result  in  a  temporary  or  permanent  loss  of  revenue.  Adverse  speculation  about  our existing or potential relationships with biopharmaceutical companies may be a catalyst for adverse speculation about us, our products and our technology, which can adversely affect our reputation and business.

Our future success depends in part on our ability to maintain relationships and to enter into new relationships with biopharmaceutical  customers,  including  offering  our  platform  to  such  customers  for  companion  diagnostic development,  novel  target  discovery  and  validation  as  well  as  clinical  study  enrollment,  and  growing  into  other business opportunities. This can be difficult due to many factors, including the type of biomarker support required and our ability to deliver it and our biopharmaceutical customers' satisfaction with our products or services, internal and  external  constraints  placed  on  these  organizations  and  other  factors  that  may  be  beyond  our  control. Furthermore,  our  biopharmaceutical  customers  may  decide  to  decrease  or  discontinue  their  use  of  our  current products and tests, or our future products due to changes in their research and product development plans, failures in their  clinical  studies,  financial  constraints,  or  utilization  of  internal  testing  resources  or  tests  performed  by  other parties, or other circumstances outside of our control. Continued usage of our tests by particular biopharmaceutical customers may also depend on whether the partner obtains positive data in its clinical studies, is able to successfully obtain regulatory approval and subsequently commercializes a therapy for which we have partnered with them to develop  a  companion  diagnostic,  or  other  administrative  factors  that  are  outside  our  control.  Some  of  our biopharmaceutical customers have contracted with us to provide testing for large numbers of samples, which could strain our testing capacity and restrict our ability to perform tests for other customers. Furthermore, biopharmaceutical companies may decline to do business with us or decrease or discontinue their use of our tests due to their broad strategic collaboration with any of our competitors. In addition to reducing our revenue, the loss of  one  or  more  of  these  relationships  may  reduce  our  exposure  to  research  and  clinical  studies  that  facilitate  the collection  and  incorporation  of  new  information  into  our  platform  and  tests.  We  engage  in  conversations  with biopharmaceutical  companies  regarding  potential  commercial  opportunities  on  an  ongoing  basis.  There  is  no assurance that any of these conversations will result in a commercial agreement, that the resulting relationship will be successful, or that clinical studies conducted as part of the engagement will produce successful outcomes. If we cannot maintain our current relationships, or enter into new relationships, with biopharmaceutical companies, our product development could be delayed and revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected.

## Our payer concentration may materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of third-party commercial payers, most of which have not contracted with us to be a participating provider. If one or more of these payers were to significantly reduce, or cease to pay, the amount such payer reimburses us for tests we perform, or if such payer does not reach or maintain favorable coverage and reimbursement decisions for our tests, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have experienced situations where commercial payers proactively reduced the amounts they were willing to reimburse for our tests, and in other situations, commercial payers  have  determined  that  the  amounts  they  previously  paid  were  too  high  and  have  sought  to  recover  those perceived excess payments by deducting such amounts from payments otherwise being made. If commercial payers were to decide not to include us as a participating provider, cease paying us altogether, drastically reduce the amount they  were  willing  to  pay  us  or  attempt  to  recover  any  amounts  they  had  already  paid,  it  could  cause  significant fluctuations in our quarterly results and could harm our business and results of operations.

In  September  2018,  we  began  to  receive  reimbursement  from  Medicare  for  claims  submitted  with  respect  to Guardant360 clinical tests performed for NSCLC patients. In March 2020, we began to receive reimbursement from Medicare  for  claims  submitted  with  respect  to  Guardant360  clinical  tests  performed  for  qualifying  patients diagnosed with solid tumor cancers of non-central nervous system origin other than NSCLC. Revenue from clinical tests  for  patients  covered  by  Medicare  represented  approximately  45%,  45%  and  42%  of  our  precision  oncology revenue  from  clinical  customers  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  Revenue attributable to Medicare accounted for more than 10% of our total revenue in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In addition, pursuant to CMS regulations, we cannot bill Medicare directly for tests provided for Medicare beneficiaries in some situations. CMS adopted an exception to its laboratory date of service regulation, and if certain conditions are met, molecular testing laboratories such as us can rely on that exception to bill Medicare directly,  instead  of  seeking  payment  from  the  hospital.  If  this  exception  is  repealed  or  curtailed  by  CMS,  or  its laboratory date of service regulation is otherwise changed to adversely impact our ability to bill Medicare directly, our revenue could be materially reduced.

If we fail to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payers, we may be unable to increase our testing volume and revenue as expected. Retrospective reimbursement adjustments, such as deductions from further  payments  and  clawbacks,  can  also  negatively  impact  our  revenue  and  cause  our  financial  results  to fluctuate. In addition, as part of our reimbursement operations, we appeal denials from payers, and if successful, we receive payments from these appeals. However, due to the inherent variability of the insurance landscape, we cannot guarantee future success of, or any payments from, appeals of reimbursement denials by payers. Historic success and payments are not indicative of future success of and payments from such appeals.

## If we cannot compete successfully with our competitors, we may be unable to increase or sustain our revenue or to achieve and then sustain profitability.

Growing understanding of the importance of biomarkers linked with therapy selection, response and early screening is leading to more companies offering services in genomic profiling. The promise of biopsy testing is also leading to more companies attempting to enter the space and compete with us. Over the last year, that has included new and accelerated  development  programs  by  a  number  of  potential  competitors,  and  increasing  levels  of  merger  and acquisition  activity  by  both  existing  and  new  competitors.  Currently,  our  main  competition  is  from  diagnostic companies with products and services to profile genes in cancers based on either single-marker or comprehensive genomic profile testing, based on next-generation sequencing in either blood or tissue.  This may change over the next few years as a result of new competitors entering through investment and acquisition activity.

Our competitors within the liquid biopsy space for therapy selection include Foundation Medicine, Inc., which was acquired by Roche Holdings, Inc. in 2018; Roche Molecular Systems, Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Illumina, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Invitae Corporation, Caris Life Science, Tempus Labs, Inc., and Agilent Technologies, Inc. In addition, NeoGenomics Laboratories, Inc., Natera, Inc., Exact Sciences Corp., among others, are our competitors in minimal residual disease testing. Additionally, our competitors in the early screening testing space include GRAIL, Inc., Exact Sciences Corp., Freenome Holdings, Inc., Delfi Diagnostics and InterVenn Biosciences.

Competitors within the broader genomics profiling space based on tissue include laboratory companies such as BioReference Laboratories, Inc., Laboratory Corporation of America and Quest Diagnostics, Inc., as well as companies such as Foundation Medicine, Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., and most if not all of the competitors within the liquid biopsy space for therapy selection,  that  sell  molecular  diagnostic  tests  for  cancer  to  physicians  and  have  or  may develop tests that compete with our tests. In addition, we are aware that certain of our customers are also developing their own tests and may decide to enter our market or otherwise stop using our tests.

Some  of  our  competitors  and  potential  competitors  may  have  longer  operating  histories;  larger  customer  bases; greater  brand  recognition  and  market  penetration;  substantially  greater  financial,  technological  and  research  and development resources and selling and marketing capabilities; and more experience dealing with third-party payers. As a result, they may be able to respond more quickly to changes in customer requirements, devote greater resources to  the  development,  promotion  and  sale  of  their  tests  than  we  do  or  sell  their  tests  at  prices  designed  to  win significant levels of market share. We may not be able to compete effectively against these organizations. Increased competition and cost-saving initiatives on the part of governmental entities and other third-party payers are likely to result  in  pricing  pressures,  which  could  harm  our  sales,  profitability  or  ability  to  gain  market  share.  In  addition, competitors may be acquired by, receive investments from or enter into other commercial relationships with larger, well-established and well-financed companies. Certain of our competitors may be able to secure key inputs from vendors on more favorable terms, devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote substantially more resources to product development than we can. In addition, companies or governments that control access to genetic testing through umbrella contracts or regional preferences could  promote  our  competitors  or  prevent  us  from  performing  certain  services.  If  we  are  unable  to  compete successfully against current and future competitors, we may be unable to increase market acceptance and sales of our tests, which could prevent us from increasing our revenue or achieving profitability and could cause our stock price to decline.

In addition to developing kits, certain diagnostic companies also provide next-generation sequencing platforms that could  be  used  for  liquid  biopsy  testing.  These  include  Illumina,  Inc.,  Thermo  Fisher  Scientific  Inc.,  Pacific Biosciences  of  California,  Inc.,  Ultima  Genomics,  Inc.,  Oxford  Nanopore  Technologies  Limited,  and  other companies developing next-generation sequencing platforms that are sold directly to biopharmaceutical companies, clinical laboratories and research centers. While many of the applications for these platforms are focused on research and development applications, each of these companies has launched and could continue to commercialize products focused on the clinical oncology market. These tests could include FDA-approved diagnostic kits, which can be sold to the clients who have purchased their platforms.

Furthermore, many companies are developing information technology-based tools to support the integration of nextgeneration sequencing testing into the clinical setting. These companies may also use their own tests or others to develop an integrated system which could limit access for us to certain networks.

## The sizes of the markets for our current and future products have not been established with precision, and may be smaller than we estimate.

Our estimates of the annual total addressable markets for our current products and products under development are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates, including, without limitation, the number of patients with late-stage,  solid  tumor  cancer,  the  number  of  individuals  who  are  at  a  higher  risk  for  developing  cancer,  and  the assumed  prices  at  which  we  can  sell  tests  for  markets  that  have  not  been  established.  While  we  believe  our assumptions  and  the  data  underlying  our  estimates  are  reasonable,  these  assumptions  and  estimates  may  not  be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our current or future products may prove to be incorrect. If the actual number of patients who would benefit from our products, the price at which we can sell our products, or the annual total addressable market for our products is smaller than we have estimated, it may impair our sales growth and have an adverse impact on our business.

## The  precision  oncology  industry  is  subject  to  rapid  change,  which  could  make  our  current  products  and  any future products we may develop, obsolete.

Our industry is characterized by rapid changes, including technological and scientific breakthroughs, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards, all of which could make our current and future products obsolete. Our future success will depend on our ability to keep pace with the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis and to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of scientific and technological advances. In recent years, there have been numerous advances in technologies relating to the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. There have also been advances in methods used to analyze very large amounts of molecular information. We must continuously enhance our platform and develop new products to keep pace with evolving  standards  of  care.  If  we  do  not  update  our  product  offerings  to  reflect  new  scientific  knowledge  about cancer  biology,  information  about  new  cancer  therapies  or  relevant  clinical  studies,  our  products  could  become obsolete and sales of our current products and any new products we may develop could decline or fail to grow as expected.

## We have experienced challenges attracting and retaining qualified personnel due to competitive labor markets and may continue to do so, and may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, all of which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy.

Since our inception, we have experienced rapid growth and anticipate further growth in our business operations. Our future  growth  could  create  strain  on  our  organizational,  administrative  and  operational  infrastructure,  including laboratory operations, quality control, customer service and sales organization management. We expect to continue to increase headcount and to hire more specialized personnel as we grow our business. We will need to continue to hire, train and manage additional qualified scientists, laboratory personnel, client and account services personnel, as well as sales and marketing staff, and improve and maintain our technology to properly manage our growth.

However,  we  have  experienced  challenges  attracting  and  retaining  qualified  personnel  due  to  competitive  labor markets and may continue to do so. In this competitive environment, our business could be adversely impacted by increases in labor costs triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling and benefits, the need to attract and retain high quality employees with the requisite skill sets, and the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, if our new hires perform poorly, if we are unsuccessful in training, managing and integrating these new employees or if  we  are  not  successful  in  developing  and  retaining  our  existing  employees,  our  business  may  be harmed.

In  addition,  we  may  not  be  able  to  maintain  the  quality  or  expected  turnaround  times  of  our  products,  or  satisfy customer demand as it grows, and  our business may be harmed. Our ability to manage our growth properly will also require  us  to  continue  to  improve  our  operational,  financial  and  management  controls,  as  well  as  our  reporting systems  and  procedures.  The  time  and  resources  required  to  implement  these  new  systems  and  procedures  is uncertain and could be demanding, and failure to complete this in a timely and efficient manner could adversely affect our operations.

## We may not be able to successfully market, sell or distribute our products, and if we are unable to expand our sales organization to adequately address our customers' needs, our business may be adversely affected.

We  may  not  be  able  to  market,  sell  or  distribute  our  products  and  tests,  and  other  products  we  may  develop effectively enough to support our planned growth. We currently sell to clinicians in the United States through our own sales organization and to biopharmaceutical companies through our business development team.

Each of  our  target  markets  is  large,  distinctive  and  diverse.  As  a  result,  we  believe  it  is  necessary  for  our  sales representatives  and  business  development  managers  to  have  established  oncology-focused  expertise.  Competition for  such  employees  within  the  precision  oncology  industry  is  intense.  We  may  not  be  able  to  attract  and  retain personnel or be able to build an efficient and effective sales organization or business development team, which could negatively  impact  sales  and  market  acceptance  of  our  products  and  limit  our  revenue  growth  and  potential profitability.

Our expected future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need  to  identify,  recruit,  maintain  and  integrate  additional  employees.  Our  future  financial  performance  and  our ability to commercialize our products, to increase our sales and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage this potential future growth effectively, without compromising quality.

Outside the United States, we established Guardant AMEA for sales of our products throughout Asia, the Middle East and Africa. If the sales and marketing efforts for our products in those regions are not successful, our business would be materially and adversely affected. In other territories, such as Europe, we sell our tests primarily through distributor relationships or direct contracts with  hospitals.  Locating,  qualifying,  engaging  and  maintaining relationships with distribution partners and hospitals with local industry experience and knowledge will be necessary to effectively market and sell our products outside the United States. We may not be successful in finding, attracting and  retaining  distribution  partners  or  local  hospitals,  or  we  may  not  be  able  to  enter  into  such  arrangements  on favorable terms. Sales practices utilized by any such parties that are locally acceptable may not comply with sales practices standards required under U.S. laws that apply to us, which could create additional compliance risk. If our international sales and marketing efforts are not successful, we may not achieve market acceptance for our products outside the United States, which would materially and adversely impact our business.

## We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, sole suppliers, for some of our laboratory instruments and materials and may not be able to find replacements or promptly transition to alternative suppliers.

We rely on a limited number of suppliers or, in some cases, sole suppliers, including Illumina Inc., or Illumina, for certain  sequencers,  reagents,  blood  tubes  and  other  equipment,  instruments  and  materials  that  we  use  in  our laboratory operations. An interruption in our laboratory operations could occur if we encounter delays or difficulties in  securing  these  laboratory  equipment,  instruments  or  materials,  and  if  we  cannot  then  obtain  an  acceptable substitute. Any such interruption could significantly and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. We rely on Illumina as the sole supplier of the sequencers and as the sole provider of maintenance  and  repair  services  for  these  sequencers.  Any  disruption  in  operations  of  Illumina  or  other  sole  or limited suppliers or termination or suspension of our relationships with them could materially and adversely impact our supply chain and laboratory operations and thus our ability to conduct our business and generate revenue. These limited  or  sole  suppliers  could  engage  in  diverse  types  of  businesses,  including  selling  products  or  providing services in competition with us, and there can be no assurance that we can continue to receive required equipment, instruments or materials from them.

We believe that there are only a limited number of other manufacturers that are capable of supplying and servicing the equipment and materials necessary for our laboratory operations, including sequencers and various associated reagents,  and  potentially  replacing  our  current  suppliers.  The  use  of  equipment  or  materials  furnished  by  these replacement suppliers would require us to alter our laboratory operations. Transitioning to a new supplier would be time-consuming  and  expensive,  may  result  in  interruptions  in  our  laboratory  operations,  could  affect the performance specifications of our laboratory operations or could require that we revalidate our tests. There can be no assurance that we will be able to secure alternative equipment, reagents and other materials, bring such equipment, reagents and materials online, and revalidate our tests without experiencing interruptions in our workflow. In the case of an alternative supplier for Illumina, for example, there can be no assurance that replacement sequencers and various associated reagents will be available or will meet our quality control and performance requirements for our laboratory  operations.  If  we  should  encounter  delays  or  difficulties  in  securing,  reconfiguring  or  integrating  the equipment  and  reagents  we  require  for  our  products  or  in  revalidating  our  products,  our  business,  financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.

## The COVID-19 global pandemic and the worldwide attempts to contain it have adversely impacted our supply chain and other aspects of our business, as well as our results of operations, and could continue to do so.

The global outbreak of coronavirus 2019, or COVID-19, and the various attempts throughout the world to contain it, have  created  significant  volatility,  uncertainty  and  disruption,  which  has  and  may  continue  to  impact  the  global economy, disrupt our supply chain, and create significant volatility and disruption of financial markets.

We have experienced significant reduction in access to our customers, including restrictions on our ability to market and distribute our tests and to collect samples. Our partners, vendors, suppliers and customers have similarly had their  operations  altered  or  temporarily  suspended.  Due  to  impacts  and  measures  resulting  from  the  COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced and could continue to experience unpredictable reductions in the demand for our tests  as  healthcare  customers  divert  medical  resources  and  priorities  toward  the  treatment  of  the  virus.  Our biopharmaceutical  customers  are  facing  challenges  in  recruiting  patients  and  in  conducting  clinical  studies  to advance their product development pipelines, for which our tests could be utilized. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic continues to cause severe disruption, vendors of equipment and reagents for our operations could also reduce productions or even go out of business, resulting in supply constraints for us. For example, movement of supplies  has  been  significantly  curtailed  worldwide,  which  has  caused  supply  shortages  for  certain  of  our  major suppliers.    Disruptions  caused  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic  have  adversely  affected  the  quantity  and  quality  of certain sequencers, reagents, blood tubes and other similar materials that are critical to our commercial and research and development programs. We currently have a limited amount of stock of these components. Failure in the future to secure sufficient supply of critical components could materially and adversely affect our ability to manufacture or supply marketed products and product candidates or complete our ongoing research and development programs on the timelines previously established. Our ability to enroll suitable patients in clinical studies has also been negatively impacted and could continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it impacts our business, operations and  financial  results  will  depend  on  numerous  evolving  factors  that  we  may  not  be  able  to  accurately  predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals' actions that have been and  continue  to  be  taken  in  response  to  the  pandemic;  the  adverse  effects  on  our  manufacturing  operations  and supply chain, which may impact our ability to produce and distribute our products, as well as the ability of third parties to fulfill their obligations to us and could increase our expenses; the possibility that third parties on which we rely  for  certain  functions  and  services,  suppliers,  distributors,  logistics  providers,  and  external  business  partners, may be adversely impacted by restrictions resulting from COVID-19, which could cause us to experience delays or incur additional costs; the availability, cost to access and effectiveness of COVID-19 tests, vaccines and medicines; the effect on our customers and customer demand for and ability to pay for our tests; restrictions on the ability of our employees and the employees of third parties on which we rely for certain functions and services to work and travel; disruptions related to the distribution of our tests, including impacts on logistics of shipping and receiving blood collection  kits;  and  any  stoppages,  disruptions  or  increased  costs  associated  with  development,  production  and marketing  of  our  products.  During  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  we  may  not  be  able  to  maintain  the  same  level  of customer outreach and service, which could negatively impact our customers' perception of us. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our operations, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees,  customers  and  stockholders.  It  is  not  clear  what  the  potential  effects  any  such  alterations  or modifications may have on our business, including the effects on our financial results.

The COVID-19 pandemic has also led to uncertainties related to our growth, forecast and trends. Our historic results such  as  revenues,  operating  margins,  net  income,  cash  flows,  tests  performed,  and  other  financial  and  operating metrics, may not be indicative of our results for future periods. Any past increases in the number of clinical tests and/or biopharmaceutical tests performed by us may reflect the acceleration of growth that we have experienced but may not see in subsequent periods given the COVID-19 pandemic. Even if government and other restrictions are relaxed, our growth may slow or reverse, including due to a slow recovery. The COVID-19 pandemic and its future developments present uncertainties with respect to our performance, financial condition, volume of business, results of operations, and cash flows. Due to the uncertain scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertain timing of any recovery or normalization, we are currently unable to estimate the resulting impacts on our operations and financial  results.  In  addition  to  the  impacts  to  our  business,  the  global  economy  is  likely  to  be  significantly weakened as a result of actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. To the extent that such a weakened global economy impacts customers' ability or willingness to pay for our tests, our business and results of operation could be negatively impacted. As a result, we expect our revenue and results of operations to be adversely affected until testing, treatments and vaccines substantially eliminate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.

## If  our  existing  laboratory  facility  becomes  damaged  or  inoperable  or  we  are  required  to  vacate  our  existing facility, our ability to perform our tests and pursue our research and development efforts may be jeopardized.

We  currently  derive  the  majority  of  our  revenue  from  tests  performed  at  a  single  laboratory  facility  located  in Redwood City, California. Our facility and equipment could be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or manmade disasters, including war, fire, earthquake, power loss, communications failure or terrorism, which may render it  difficult or impossible for our laboratory operations. The inability to perform our tests or to reduce the backlog that could develop if our facility is inoperable, for even a short period of time, may result in the loss of customers or harm to our reputation, and we may be unable to regain those customers or repair our reputation. Furthermore, our facility and the equipment we use to perform our research and development work could be unavailable or costly and time-consuming to repair or replace. It would be difficult, time-consuming and expensive to rebuild our facility, to locate and qualify a new facility or enable a third party to practice our proprietary technology, particularly in light of licensure and accreditation requirements. Even if we are able to find a third party with such qualifications to perform our tests, the parties may be unable to agree on commercially reasonable terms.

We carry insurance for damage to our property and disruption of our business, but this insurance may not cover all of the risks associated with damage or disruption to our facility and business, may not provide coverage in amounts sufficient to cover our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all.

## We are dependent on third parties for the collection of blood samples for our tests.

We rely on third-party phlebotomy providers, including physician offices, to collect blood samples for our tests. Our current third-party phlebotomy providers may refuse to continue to collect samples for us in the future, in particular if  they  have  agreements  or  arrangements  with  one  of  our  competitors  to  collect  samples  for  their  tests,  or  if  the phlebotomy provider is owned or controlled by a laboratory that offers tests that compete with ours. There has been a  trend  towards  consolidation  of  independent  phlebotomy  providers.  Independent  phlebotomy  providers,  once acquired by our competitors, may terminate their relationships with us. If our patients are unable to readily access a phlebotomy provider to collect a blood sample for our tests, we may be unable to compete effectively with other laboratories that have greater access to phlebotomy providers and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.

In  addition,  if  third-party  phlebotomy  providers  fail  to  adequately  and  properly  obtain  and  collect  viable  blood samples from patients and to properly package and ship the samples to us, our patients and their physicians may experience problems and delays in receiving test results, which could lead to dissatisfaction with our tests, therefore harming our reputation and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, our contracts with physician owned phlebotomy providers to collect blood could be scrutinized under federal and state healthcare laws such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, and the federal law prohibiting physician self-referral, or Stark Law, to the extent these services to us are deemed to provide a financial benefit to or relieve a financial  burden  for  a  potential  referral  source,  or  are  subsequently  found  not  to  be  for  fair  market  value.  If  our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws and regulations, we may be subject to administrative, civil  and  criminal  penalties,  damages,  fines,  individual  imprisonment,  exclusion  from  participation  in  federal healthcare programs or from coverage of commercial payers, refunding of payments received by us, and curtailment or cessation of our operations, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We rely on commercial courier delivery services to transport samples to our laboratory facility in a timely and cost-efficient manner and if these delivery services are disrupted, our business will be harmed.

Our business depends on our ability to deliver test results quickly and reliably to our customers. Blood samples are typically received within days from the United States and outside the United States for analysis at our Redwood City, California facility. Disruptions in delivery services to transport samples to that facility, whether due to labor disruptions,  bad  weather,  natural  disaster,  terrorist  acts  or  threats  or  for  other  reasons  could  adversely  affect specimen integrity and our ability to process samples in a timely manner, delay our provision of test results to our customers,  and  ultimately  our  reputation  and  our  business.  In  addition,  if  we  are  unable  to  continue  to  obtain expedited delivery services to transport samples to us on commercially reasonable terms, our operating results may be adversely affected.

## International expansion of our business exposes us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States.

We currently  have  limited  international  operations,  but  our  business  strategy  incorporates  potentially  significant international expansion, including through Guardant AMEA, which we formed to accelerate the commercialization of our products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.

We plan  to  maintain  distributor  and  partner  relationships,  to  conduct  physician  and  patient  association  outreach activities, to extend laboratory capabilities and to expand payer relationships, outside of the United States. Doing business internationally involves a number of risks, including:

- multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as privacy regulations, tax laws, export and import  restrictions,  economic  sanctions  and  embargoes,  employment  laws,  regulatory  requirements  and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses;
- failure by us, our distributors, or our local partners to obtain regulatory approvals or certifications for the use of our products in various countries;
- presence of additional third-party patents or other intellectual property rights that may be relevant to our business and may potentially block our expansion;
- complexities  and  difficulties  in  obtaining  intellectual  property  protection  and  enforcing  our  intellectual property rights;
- difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;
- complexities  associated  with  managing  multiple  payer  reimbursement  regimes,  government  payers,  or patient self-pay systems;
- logistics  and  regulations  associated  with  shipping  blood  samples,  including  infrastructure  conditions  and transportation delays;
- limits in our ability to penetrate international markets if we are not able to perform our tests locally;
- financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty collecting accounts receivable, the impact of local and regional financial crises on demand and payment for our products and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, currency controls and cash repatriation restrictions;
- natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, and political unrest, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions;
- public health or similar issues, such as epidemics or pandemics, that could cause business disruption for our offices  in  Japan  and  Singapore,  and  make  it  more  difficult  to  sell  our  tests  in  the  affected  countries  or regions, and
- regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over sales and distributors' activities that may fall within the purview of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, its books and records provisions, or its anti-bribery provisions.

Any of these factors could significantly harm our future international expansion and operations and, consequently, our revenue and results of operations.

## We could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws.

We are subject to the FCPA, which prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making payments in violation of  law  to  non-U.S.  government  officials  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  or  retaining  business  or  securing  any  other improper advantage, as a result of our international customers. Our reliance on independent distributors to sell our tests internationally demands a high degree of vigilance in maintaining our policy against participation in corrupt activity,  because  these  distributors  could  be  deemed  to  be  our  agents  and  we  could  be  held  responsible  for  their actions. Other U.S. companies in the medical device and biopharmaceutical field have faced criminal penalties under the FCPA for allowing their agents to deviate from appropriate practices in doing business with these individuals. We  are  also  subject  to  similar  anti-bribery  laws  in  the  jurisdictions  in  which  we  operate,  including  the  United Kingdom's Bribery Act of 2010, which also prohibits commercial bribery and makes it a crime for companies to fail to prevent bribery. These laws are complex and far-reaching in nature, and, as a result, we cannot assure that we would not be required in the future to alter one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws or any changes in these laws or the interpretation thereof. Any violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could  disrupt  our  operations,  involve  significant  management  distraction,  cause  us  to  incur  significant  costs  and expenses, including legal fees, and result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We could also suffer severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other remedial measures.

## Risks related to our highly regulated industry

We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and changes in regulations or violations of regulations may, directly or indirectly, reduce our revenue, adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and harm our business.

The  clinical  laboratory  testing  industry  is  highly  regulated,  and  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  the  regulatory environment  in  which  we  operate  will  not  change  significantly  and  adversely  to  us  in  the  future.  Areas  of  the regulatory environment that may affect our ability to conduct business include, without limitation:

- federal, state and foreign laws applicable to test ordering, documentation of tests ordered, billing practices and claims payment and/or regulatory agencies enforcing those laws and regulations;
- federal, state and foreign health care fraud and abuse laws;
- federal, state and foreign laboratory anti-mark-up laws;
- coverage and reimbursement levels by Medicare, Medicaid, other governmental payers and private insurers;
- restrictions on coverage of and reimbursement for tests;
- federal, state and foreign laws governing laboratory testing, including CLIA, and state licensing laws;
- federal,  state  and  foreign  laws  and  enforcement  policies  governing  the  development,  use  and  distribution  of diagnostic medical devices, including laboratory developed tests, or LDTs;
- federal, state, local and foreign laws governing the handling and disposal of medical and hazardous waste;
- federal and state Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules and regulations;
- HIPAA, and similar state or foreign data privacy and security laws; and
- consumer protection laws.

In particular, the laws and regulations governing the marketing of clinical laboratory tests are complex, and there are often  no  sufficient  regulatory  or  judicial  interpretations  of  these  laws  and  regulations.  For  example,  some  of  our clinical laboratory tests are actively regulated by the FDA pursuant to the medical device provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA. The FDA defines a medical device to include any instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related article, including a component, part  or  accessory,  intended  for  use  in  the  diagnosis  of  disease  or  other  conditions,  or  in  the  cure,  mitigation, treatment  or  prevention  of  disease,  in  man  or  other  animals.  Our  clinical  laboratory  tests  are  in  vitro  diagnostic products that are considered by the FDA to be medical devices. Among other things, pursuant to the FDCA and its implementing regulations, the FDA regulates the research, design, testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping,  premarket  clearance  or  approval,  marketing  and  promotion  and  sales  and  distribution  of  medical devices in the United States to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. In addition, the FDA regulates the import and export of medical devices. If we do not comply with these requirements or fail to adequately comply, our business may be harmed.

## Certain  of  our  tests  are  currently  marketed  as  LDTs,  and  future  changes  in  FDA  enforcement  discretion  for LDTs could subject our operations to much more significant regulatory requirements.

We  market  some  of  our  tests,  Guardant360,  Guardant360  Response,  Guardant360  Tissue  Next,  and  Guardant Reveal,  as  LDTs.  LDTs  are  in  vitro  diagnostic  tests  that  are  intended  for  clinical  use  and  are  designed, manufactured, and used within a single laboratory. Although LDTs are classified as medical devices and the FDA has statutory authority to ensure that medical devices are safe and effective for their intended uses, the FDA has historically exercised enforcement discretion and has not enforced certain applicable FDA requirements, including premarket review, with respect to LDTs. While we believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot assure that the FDA will agree with us. If there are changes in FDA policy, or if the FDA disagrees that we are marketing our tests as LDTs within the scope of its policy of enforcement discretion, we may become  subject  to  extensive  regulatory  requirements  and  may  be  required  to  stop  selling  our  existing  tests  or launching any other tests we may develop and to conduct additional clinical studies or take other actions prior to continuing to market our tests. This could significantly increase the costs and expenses of conducting, or otherwise harm, our business.

Legislative and administrative proposals proposing to amend the FDA's oversight of LDTs have been introduced in recent years and we expect that new legislative and administrative proposals will continue to be introduced from time to time. It is possible that legislation could be enacted into law or regulations or guidance could be issued by the FDA which may result in new or increased regulatory requirements for us to continue to offer our LDTs or to develop and introduce new tests as LDTs.

In  addition,  the  FDA  and  Congress  have,  for  over  the  past  decade,  considered  a  number  of  proposals  to  end  the FDA's enforcement discretion policy for LDTs and subject LDTs to additional regulatory requirements.

Even if the FDA does not modify its policy of enforcement discretion, whether due to changes in FDA policy or legislative  action,  the  FDA  may  disagree  that  we  are  marketing  our  LDTs  within  the  scope  of  its  policy  of enforcement  discretion  and  may  impose  significant  regulatory  requirements,  including  the  requirement  for premarket review and subsequent marketing authorization. We may also be required to conduct clinical studies to support our currently marketed products or planned product launches.  If we are required to conduct such clinical studies  delays  in  the  commencement  or  completion  of  clinical  testing  could  significantly  increase  our  test development costs and delay commercialization of any currently-marketed tests that we may be required to cease selling or the commercialization of any future tests that we may develop, which could harm our financial prospects.

## There is no guarantee that the FDA will grant 510(k) clearance or a premarket approval of our products or that similar foreign authorities or notified bodies will grant premarket approval or certify our products and failure to obtain necessary clearances or approvals or certifications for our products would adversely affect our ability to grow our business.

Before we begin to label and market our products for use as clinical diagnostics in the United States, including as companion  diagnostics,  we  may  be  required  to  obtain  either  510(k)  clearance  or  a  premarket  approval,  or supplemental premarket approval, or respectively, PMA or PMA supplement, from the FDA, unless an exemption applies or FDA exercises its enforcement discretion and refrains from enforcing its medical device requirements. For example, the FDA has a policy of refraining from enforcing such requirements with respect to LDTs, which the FDA considers  to  be  a  type  of in  vitro diagnostic  test  that  is  designed,  manufactured  and  used  within  a  single laboratory.

The process of obtaining a PMA is a rigorous, costly, lengthy and uncertain process. In the PMA process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is safe and effective for its intended use based, in part, on extensive data, including, but not limited to, technical, pre-clinical, clinical study, manufacturing and labeling data. In the 510(k) clearance process, the FDA must determine that a proposed device is 'substantially equivalent' to a device legally on  the  market,  known  as  a  'predicate'  device,  in  order  to  clear  the  proposed  device  for  marketing.  To  be 'substantially equivalent,' the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data is sometimes required to support a substantial equivalence determination.

In order to sell our products in member states of the EU, our products must comply with the essential requirements of the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices Directive (Directive 98/79/EC), or IVDD. Compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the European Conformity, or CE, mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in the EU. All medical devices placed on the market in the EU must meet the essential  requirements  laid  down  in  Annex  I  to  the  IVDD  including  the  requirement  that  an  in  vitro  diagnostic medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that it will not compromise the clinical condition or  safety  of  patients,  or  the  safety  and  health  of  users  and  others.  In  addition,  the  device  must  achieve  the performances intended by the manufacturer and be designed, manufactured, and packaged in a suitable manner. To demonstrate compliance with the essential requirements we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies  according  to  the  type  of  medical  device  and  its  (risk)  classification.  As  a  general  rule,  demonstration  of conformity of in vitro diagnostic medical devices and their manufacturers with the essential requirements must be based, among other things, on the evaluation of clinical data supporting the safety and performance of the products during normal conditions of use. Specifically, a manufacturer must demonstrate that the device achieves its intended performance during normal conditions of use, that the known and foreseeable risks, and any adverse events, are minimized and acceptable when weighed against the benefits of its intended performance, and that any claims made about the performance and safety of the device are supported by suitable evidence.

Except for (general) in vitro diagnostic medical devices, where the manufacturer can self-declare the conformity of its  products  with  the  essential  requirements  of  the  IVDD,  a  conformity  assessment  procedure  requires  the intervention of a notified body. Notified bodies are independent organizations designated by EU member states to assess the conformity of devices before being placed on the market. The Notified Body would typically audit and examine the product's technical file and the manufacturer's quality system (notified body must presume that quality systems which implement the relevant harmonized standards - which is ISO 13485:2016 for Quality Management Systems - conform to these requirements). If satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant essential requirements, the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. The manufacturer may then apply the CE mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the EU.

The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area, or EEA, which consists of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland.

Any delay or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or clearances or certifications would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

The FDA and foreign authorities or notified bodies can delay, limit or deny clearance or approval or certification of a device for many reasons, including:

- our inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, similar foreign authorities or notified bodies that our products are safe or effective for their intended uses;
- the  disagreement  of  the  FDA,  similar  foreign  authorities  or  notified  bodies  with  the  design,  conduct  or implementation of our clinical studies or the analysis or interpretation of data from our pre-clinical or clinical studies;
- serious and unexpected adverse effects experienced by participants in our clinical studies;
- the  data  from  our  pre-clinical  and  clinical  studies  may  be  insufficient  to  support  clearance  or  approval,  or certification where required;
- our inability to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of any of our tests outweigh the risks;
- an  advisory  committee,  if  convened  by  the  FDA,  may  recommend  against  approval  of  our  PMA  or  other application for any of our tests or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional pre-clinical studies or clinical studies, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions, or even if an advisory committee, if convened, makes a favorable recommendation, the FDA may still not approve the test; Similar requirements may apply in foreign jurisdictions;
- the FDA, similar foreign authorities or notified bodies may identify deficiencies in our marketing application, or certification  application  and  in  our  manufacturing  processes,  facilities  or  analytical  methods  or  those  of  our third-party contract manufacturers;
- the  potential  for  approval  or  certification  policies  or  regulations  of  the  FDA  or  similar  foreign  authorities  to change significantly in a manner rendering our clinical data or regulatory filings insufficient for the clearance or approval or certification; and
- the FDA, similar foreign authorities or notified bodies may audit our clinical study data and conclude that the data is not sufficiently reliable to support a PMA or other applications.

If we are unable to obtain clearance or approval or certification for any tests for which we plan to seek clearance or approval or certification, our business may be harmed.

## Modifications  to  our  FDA-cleared  or  approved  products  may  require  new  510(k)  clearances  or  premarket approvals, or may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified products until clearances are obtained.

For any product approved pursuant to a PMA, we are required to seek supplemental approval for many types of changes  to  the  approved  product,  for  which  we  will  need  to  determine  whether  a  PMA  supplement  or  other regulatory  filing  is  needed  or  whether  the  change  may  be  reported  via  the  PMA  Annual  Report.  Similarly,  any modification  to  a  510(k)-cleared  device  that  could  significantly  affect  its  safety  or  effectiveness,  or  that  would constitute a major change in its intended use, design, or manufacture, requires new 510(k) clearance or, possibly, approval of a new PMA. The FDA requires us to make this determination in the first instance, but the FDA may review and may not agree with our determination. If the FDA disagrees with our determination and requires us to seek  approvals  or  clearances  for  modifications  to  our  previously  approved  or  cleared  products,  for  which  we concluded that new approvals or clearances are unnecessary, we may be required to cease marketing or distribution of our products or to recall the modified product until we obtain the approval or clearance, and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties.

Similar requirements apply in foreign jurisdictions. For instance, in the EU, we must inform the notified body that carried  out  the  conformity  assessment  of  the  devices  that  we  market  or  sell  in  the  EU  and  EEA  of  any  planned substantial changes to our quality system or substantial changes to our in vitro diagnostic medical devices that could affect compliance with the essential requirements laid down in Annex I to IVDD or cause a substantial change to the intended use for which the device has been CE marked. The notified body will then assess the planned changes and verify  whether  they  affect  the  products'  ongoing  conformity  with  the  IVDD.  If  the  assessment  is  favorable,  the notified  body  will  issue  a  new  certificate  of  conformity  or  an  addendum  to  the  existing  certificate  attesting compliance with the essential requirements and quality system requirements laid down in the Annexes to the IVDD.

## If  third-party  payers,  including  commercial  payers  and  government  healthcare  programs,  do  not  provide coverage of, or adequate reimbursement for, our tests, our business and results of operations will be negatively affected.

Our revenue and commercial success depend on achieving coverage and reimbursement for our tests from payers, including both commercial and government payers. If payers do not provide coverage of, or do not provide adequate reimbursement for our tests, we may need to seek payment from the patient, which may adversely affect demand for our tests. Coverage determinations by a payer may depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to a payer's determination that a test is appropriate, medically necessary or cost-effective. If we are unable to provide payers with sufficient evidence of the clinical utility and validity of our test, they may not provide coverage, may provide  limited  coverage  or  may  terminate  coverage,  which  will  adversely  affect  our  revenues  and  our  financial condition. To the extent that more competitors enter our markets, the availability of coverage and the reimbursement rate for our tests may decrease as we encounter pricing pressure from our competitors.

Each payer makes its own decision as to whether to provide coverage for our tests, whether to enter into a contract with us and the reimbursement rate for a test. Negotiating with payers is time-consuming, and payers often insist on their standard form contracts. There is no guarantee that a payer will provide adequate coverage or reimbursement for our tests or that we can reach an agreement with the payer on reasonable terms without being subject to additional regulatory and compliance risks. In cases where there is no coverage, or we do not have a contracted rate for reimbursement with the payer, the patient is typically responsible for a greater share of the cost of the test, which may result in delay of revenue, increase collection costs or decrease the likelihood of collection. We maintain a financial assistance program, the Guardant Access Program, under which we assess patient financial need and offer provide discounted or no cost tests to certain patients. This may result in scrutiny by payers of our Guardant Access Program, and this could result in recoupment actions or termination of coverage of our tests.

Our claims for reimbursement may be denied and we may have to appeal such denials in order to get paid. Such appeals  may not result  in  payment.  Payers  may  perform  audits  of  historically  paid  claims  and  attempt  to  recoup funds years after the funds were initially distributed if the payers believe the funds were paid in error or determine that our tests were medically unnecessary. If a payer's audit of our claims results in a negative finding, and we are unable to reverse the finding through appeal, any subsequent recoupment could result in a material adverse effect on our revenue. Additionally, in some cases commercial payers for whom we are not a participating provider may elect at any time to review claims previously paid and determine the amount they paid was excessive. In these situations, the  payer  typically  notifies  us  of  its  decision  and  then  offsets  the  amount  it  determines  to  be  overpaid  against amounts it owes us on current claims. We do not have a mechanism to dispute these retroactive adjustments, and we cannot predict when, or how often, a payer might engage in these reviews.

When we contract with a payer as a participating provider, reimbursements by the payer are generally made pursuant to a negotiated fee schedule and are limited to only covered indications or where prior approval has been obtained. Becoming a participating provider can result  in  higher  reimbursement  amounts  for  covered  uses  of  our  test  and, potentially, no reimbursement for non-covered uses identified under the payer's policies or the contract.

Although we are a participating provider with some commercial payers, certain other large, national commercial payers,  including  Anthem,  Aetna  and  Humana,  have  issued  non-coverage  policies  that  consider  tissue  and  liquid CGP  testing,  including  our  Guardant360  test,  as  experimental  or  investigational.  If  we  are  not  successful  in obtaining coverage from such payers, or if other payers issue similar non-coverage policies, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Medicare's National Coverage Determination, or NCD, for Next Generation Sequencing, or NGS, first established in  2018  and  subsequently  updated  in  2020  states  that  NGS  tests,  such  as  our  Guardant360  test,  are  covered  by Medicare nationally, when: (1) performed in a CLIA-certified laboratory, (2) ordered by a treating physician, (3) the patient meets certain clinical and treatment criteria, including having recurrent, relapsed, refractory, metastatic, or advanced stages III or IV cancer, (4) the test is approved or cleared by the FDA as a companion in vitro diagnostic for an FDA approved or cleared indication for use in that patient's cancer, and (5) results are provided to the treating physician for management of the patient using a report template to specify treatment options. The NGS NCD also states that each Medicare Administrative Contractor, or MAC, may provide local coverage of other next-generation sequencing tests for cancer patients only when the test is performed by a CLIA-certified laboratory, ordered by a treating physician and the patient meets the same clinical and treatment criteria required of nationally covered nextgeneration sequencing tests under the NGS NCD. An NGS test is not covered by Medicare when cancer patients do not  have  the  above-noted  indications  for  cancer  under  either  national  or  local  coverage  criteria.  In  July  2018, Palmetto  GBA,  or  Palmetto,  the  MAC  responsible  for  administering  Medicare's  Molecular  Diagnostic  Services Program, or MolDx, issued a local coverage determination, or LCD, for our Guardant360 test for NSCLC patients who meet certain clinical and treatment criteria. Subsequently, in 2018, Noridian Healthcare Solutions, the MAC responsible  for  adjudicating  claims  in  California,  where  our  laboratory  is  located,  and  a  participant  in  MolDx, finalized its LCD for our Guardant360 test. In September 2018, we began to  receive reimbursement from Medicare for claims submitted with respect to Guardant360 clinical tests performed for NSCLC patients. In December 2019, replacing its prior NSCLC patient LCD, Palmetto GBA finalized its expanded LCD for our Guardant360 test that provides  limited  Medicare  coverage  for  use  of  the  Guardant360  test  for  qualifying  patients  diagnosed  with  solid cancers of non-central nervous system origin. In May 2019, Noridian also issued an expanded draft LCD for our Guardant360 test consistent with the expanded draft LCD issued by Palmetto in March 2019. In May 2020, Noridian issued a coverage article and confirmed limited Medicare coverage for our Guardant360 test for qualifying patients diagnosed with solid tumor cancers of non-central nervous system origin who meet the criteria of the NGS NCD. Noridian  also  retired  the  expanded  draft  LCD  issued  in  May  2019  as  being  superseded  by  the  coverage  article. Future actions taken by Noridian or Palmetto may change Medicare coverage for our Guardant360 test. In March 2020, we began to receive reimbursement from Medicare for claims submitted, with respect to Guardant360 clinical tests  performed  for  qualifying  patients  diagnosed  with  solid  tumor  cancers  of  non-central  nervous  system  origin other than NSCLC.

Under  Medicare,  payment  for  laboratory  tests  like  ours  is  generally  made  under  the  Clinical  Laboratory  Fee Schedule, or CLFS, with payment amounts assigned to specific procedure billing codes. In April 2014, Congress passed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, which included substantial changes to the way in which clinical laboratory services are paid under Medicare. Under PAMA, laboratories that receive the majority of their Medicare revenue from payments made under the CLFS are generally required to report to CMS, beginning in 2017  and  every  three  years  thereafter  (or  annually  for  'advanced  diagnostic  laboratory  tests',  or  ADLT), commercial payer payment rates and volumes for each test they perform. CMS uses this data to calculate a weighted median payment rate for each test, which is used to establish revised Medicare CLFS reimbursement rates for the test. Laboratories that fail to report the required payment information may be subject to substantial civil monetary penalties.  We  are  subject  to  reporting  requirements  under  PAMA  and  the  Medicare  rate  for  our  tests  will  be calculated in the future based on our private payer rates. For clinical diagnostic laboratory tests furnished on or after January 1, 2018, their Medicare CLFS reimbursement rates are established upon these reported private payer rates. On December 10, 2021, Congress passed the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act, which delayed by one year the next data reporting period and prevented any reduction in payment amounts from commercial  payer  rate  implementation  in  2022.  On  November  2,  2022,  CMS  published  its  final  rule  for  the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for calendar year (CY) 2023, including changes for clinical laboratories that take effect on January 1, 2023. Changes include updated regulatory definitions to specify the data collection period for the  data  reporting  period  of  January  1,  2023  through  March  31,  2023;  revisions  to  indicate  that  data  reporting  is required every 3 years beginning January 2023; and to confirm that for CY 2022, payment may not be reduced by more than 0% as compared to CY 2021, and for CYs 2023 through 2025, payment may not be reduced by more than 15% as compared to the amount established for the preceding year. On December 29, 2022, Congress passed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which prevented any reduction in payment amounts from commercial payor rate  implementation  for  2023;  delayed  by  one  year  data  reporting  requirements  for  tests  other  than  ADLTs;  and extended the three-year period in which payment may not be reduced by more than 15%, to CYs 2024 through 2026. If  we are unable to obtain and maintain favorable reimbursement rates from commercial payers for our tests, this may  adversely  affect  the  tests'  Medicare  reimbursement  rates.  It  is  unclear  what  impact  new  Medicare  pricing structures, such as those adopted under PAMA, may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Some payers have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, laboratory benefit management programs, often using third-party benefit managers to manage these programs. The stated goals of these programs are to help improve the quality of outpatient laboratory services, support evidence-based guidelines for patient care and lower costs. The impact on laboratories, such as us, of active laboratory benefit management by third parties is unclear, and  we  expect  that  it  would  have  a  negative  impact  on  our  revenue  in  the  short  term.  Payers  may  resist reimbursement  for  our  tests  in  favor  of  less  expensive  tests,  require  pre-authorization  for  our  tests,  or  impose additional pricing pressure on and substantial administrative burden for reimbursement for our tests. We expect to continue to focus substantial resources on increasing adoption of, and coverage and reimbursement for, our current tests  and  any  future  tests  we  may  develop.  We  believe  it  may  take  several  years  to  achieve  broad  coverage  and adequate contracted reimbursement with a majority of payers for our tests. However, we cannot predict whether, under what circumstances, or at what price levels payers will cover and reimburse our tests. If we fail to establish and maintain broad adoption of, and coverage and reimbursement for, our tests, our ability to generate revenue could be harmed and our business and prospects could suffer.

## Our products may in the future be subject to product recalls. A recall of our products, either voluntarily or at the direction  of  the  FDA  or  another  governmental  authority,  or  the  discovery  of  serious  safety  issues  with  our products, could have a significant adverse impact on us.

The FDA has the authority to require the recall of commercialized products that are subject to FDA regulation in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. The authority to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is reasonable probability that the device would cause serious, adverse health consequences or  death.  We  may  also,  on  our  own  initiative,  recall  a  product.  The  FDA  requires  that  certain  classifications  of recalls be reported to the FDA within ten working days after the recall is initiated. In the case of our FDA-approved tests,  a  government-mandated  or  voluntary  recall  by  us  or  one  of  our  distributors  could  occur  as  a  result  of  an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls of any of our products could impair our ability to produce our products in a cost-effective and timely manner, which would have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. We may be subject to liability claims, may be required to bear costs or may take other actions that may have a negative impact on our future sales and our ability to generate profits. Companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls, even if they are not reportable to the FDA. We may initiate voluntary recalls involving our products in the future that we determine do not require notification to the FDA. If the FDA disagrees with our determinations, the FDA could require us to report those actions and take enforcement action for failing to report  the  recalls  when  they  were  conducted.  Similar  requirements  apply  in  foreign  jurisdictions.  A  future  recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers and negatively affect our sales and financial condition.

If we initiate a correction or removal for one of our tests, issue a safety alert or undertake a field action or recall to reduce a risk to health imposed by the test, this could lead to increased scrutiny by the FDA and our customers regarding  the  quality  and  safety  of  our  tests  and  to  negative  publicity,  including  FDA  alerts,  press  releases  or administrative or judicial actions. Furthermore, circulation of any such negative publicity could harm our reputation, be  used  by  competitors  against  us  in  competitive  situations  and  cause  customers  to  delay  purchase  decisions  or cancel orders.

## Clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and studies may not be predictive of future study results.

Our ongoing research and development and clinical study activities are subject to extensive regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities both in the United States and abroad; and by notified bodies in some foreign jurisdictions. Clinical testing is difficult to design and implement, can take many years, can be expensive and carries uncertain outcomes. The results of nonclinical and clinical studies of our products conducted to date, and ongoing or future studies of our current, planned or future products may not be predictive of the results of later clinical studies, and interim results of a clinical study do not necessarily predict final results. The data and results from our clinical studies does not ensure that we will achieve similar results in future clinical studies. Failure can occur at any stage of clinical testing. Clinical studies may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and nonclinical testing in addition to those we have planned before we are able to seek marketing authorizations or certifications for our products or product candidates.

We may experience delays in our clinical studies for a number of reasons, which could adversely affect the costs, timing or successful completion of such clinical studies.

Patient enrollment in clinical studies and completion of patient follow up depend on many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the study protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the clinical study, patient compliance, competing clinical studies and clinicians' and patients' perceptions as  to  the  potential  advantages  of  the  product  being  studied  in  relation  to  other  available  products.  In  addition, patients  participating  in  our  clinical  studies  may  drop  out  before  completion  of  the  study  or  experience  adverse medical events unrelated to our products. Delays in patient enrollment or failure of patients to continue to participate in a clinical study may delay commencement or completion of the clinical study, cause an increase in the costs of the clinical study and delays, or result in the failure of the clinical study. In addition, the target enrollment for certain of our clinical studies, including our ECLIPSE study, is based upon our estimates that a given percentage of enrolled patients will have a specified disease or condition, and we cannot be certain that these estimates will prove correct, or that our clinical studies, even if fully enrolled, will produce data sufficient to support the submission of a PMA or other marketing application to the FDA or a comparable regulatory authority. If our clinical studies do not enroll a sufficient number of patients to support submission of a PMA or similar marketing application, or if the number of patients  enrolled  with  the  target  disease  or  condition  is  lower  than  we  estimated,  we  may  be  required  to  enroll additional  patients  in  our  clinical  studies  or  conduct  additional  clinical  studies  before  we  are  able  to  seek  and/or obtain marketing authorizations for our product candidates, which may result in significant additional expenses for us and could delay or prevent us from bringing our product candidates to market.

In addition, we may find it necessary to engage CROs  to perform data collection and analysis and other aspects of our clinical studies, which might increase the cost and complexity of our studies. We may also depend on clinical investigators, medical institutions and contract research organizations to perform the studies, and would control only certain  aspects  of  their  activities.  We  would  be  responsible  for  ensuring  that  each  of  our  studies  is  conducted  in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties would not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our third-party contractors are required to comply with good clinical practices, or GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, and comparable regulations enforced by foreign regulatory authorities for products in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of study sponsors, principal investigators and study sites. If we or any third-party contractor fails to comply with applicable GCPs, the clinical data generated in clinical studies may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or notified bodies may require us to perform  additional  clinical  studies  before  clearing,  or  approving  our  marketing  applications  or  certifying  our products. A failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical studies, which would delay the regulatory clearance, approval or certification process.

If there are delays in testing or clearances, approvals or certifications as a result of the failure to perform by third parties, our research and development costs would increase, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory clearance, approval, or certification for our tests. In addition, we may not be able to establish or maintain relationships with these  parties  on  favorable  terms,  if  at  all.  Each  of  these  outcomes  would  harm  our  ability  to  market  our  tests, generate revenue or to achieve sustained profitability.

## Interim, "topline" and preliminary data from our clinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

From time to time,  we  may  publicly  disclose  preliminary  or  topline  data  from  our  preclinical  studies  or  clinical studies,  which  is  based  on  a  preliminary  analysis  of  then-available  data,  and  the  results  and  related  findings  and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data at time of disclosure. As a result, the topline  or  preliminary  results  that  we  report  may  differ  from  future  results  of  the  same  studies,  or  different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline  data  also  remain  subject  to  audit  and  verification  procedures  that  may  result  in  the  final  data  being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available.

From time to time, we may also disclose interim data from our preclinical and clinical studies. Interim data from clinical studies that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change  as  patient  enrollment  continues  and  more  patient  data  become  available.  Adverse  differences  between preliminary,  topline  or  interim  data  and  final  data  could  significantly  harm  our  business  prospects.  Further, disclosure of such data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock.

Further,  others,  including  regulatory  agencies,  such  as  the  FDA,  may  not  accept  or  agree  with  our  assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate  or  product  and  our  company  in  general.  In  addition,  the  information  we  choose  to  publicly  disclose regarding a particular clinical study is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure and any information  we  determine  not  to  disclose  may  ultimately  be  deemed  significant  with  respect  to  future  decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product, product candidate or our business.

If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for and commercialize our product candidates may be harmed, which could harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition.

## Our  'research  use  only'  and  'investigational  use  only'  products  could  become  subject  to  more  onerous regulation by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in the future, which could increase our costs and delay our commercialization efforts, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business and results of operations.

In the United States, some of our products, including our GuardantOMNI test, are currently available for research use only, or RUO, or for investigational use only, or IUO, depending on the proposed application. We make our RUO  and  IUO  products  available  to  a  variety  of  parties,  including  biopharmaceutical  companies  and  research institutes. Because RUO and IUO products are not intended for use in clinical practice and cannot be advertised or promoted for clinical or diagnostic claims, they are exempt from many regulatory requirements otherwise applicable to medical devices. In particular, while the FDA regulations require that RUO products be labeled 'For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures,' and that IUO products be labeled 'For Investigational Use Only. The  performance  characteristics  of  this  product  have  not  been  established,'  such  products  are  not  subject  to  the FDA's pre- and post-market controls for medical devices.

A significant change in the laws or policies governing RUO or IUO products or how they are enforced may require us to change our business model in order to maintain compliance. For instance, in November 2013 the FDA issued a guidance  document  entitled  'Distribution  of  In  Vitro  Diagnostic  Products  Labeled  for  Research  Use  Only  or Investigational Use Only,' or the RUO/IUO Guidance, which highlights the FDA's interpretation that distribution of RUO  or  IUO  products  with  any  labeling,  advertising  or  promotion  that  suggests  that  clinical  laboratories  can validate the test through their own procedures and subsequently offer it for clinical diagnostic use as an LDT is in conflict  with  the  RUO  or  IUO  status.  The  RUO/IUO  Guidance  further  articulates  the  FDA's  position  that  any assistance  offered  in  performing  clinical  validation  or  verification,  or  similar  specialized  technical  support,  to clinical laboratories, is in conflict with RUO or IUO status. If we engage in any activities that the FDA deems to be in conflict with the RUO or IUO status held by any of our products so labeled, we may be subject to immediate, severe  and  broad  FDA  enforcement  action  that  would  adversely  affect  our  ability  to  continue  operations. Accordingly, if the FDA finds that we are distributing our RUO or IUO products in a manner that is inconsistent with  its  RUO/IUO  Guidance,  we  may  be  forced  to  stop  distribution  of  our  RUO/IUO  tests  until  we  are  in compliance, which would reduce our revenue, increase our costs and adversely affect our business, and results of operations.

## Even if we receive regulatory approval or certification of our products, we will continue to be subject to extensive regulatory oversight.

Medical  devices  are  subject  to  extensive  regulation  by  the  FDA  in  the  United  States,  the  MHLW  in  Japan,  the European authorities, EEA competent authorities, and comparable regulatory agencies in other territories where we do business. If any of our products are approved by the FDA, the MHLW, or other comparable foreign regulatory agencies or certified by notified bodies in foreign jurisdictions, we will be required to timely file various reports. If these reports are not filed timely, regulators may impose sanctions and sales of our products may suffer, and we may be subject to product liability or regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our business. In addition, as a condition of approving a PMA, the FDA may also require some form of post-approval study or post-market surveillance, whereby the applicant conducts a follow-up study or follows certain patient groups for a number of years and makes periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients when necessary to protect the public  health  or  to  provide  additional  safety  and  effectiveness  data  for  the  device.  The  product  labeling  must  be updated and submitted in a PMA supplement as results, including any adverse event data from the post-approval study, become available. Failure to conduct or timely complete post-approval studies in compliance with applicable regulations, update the product labeling, or comply with other post-approval requirements could result in withdrawal of approval of the PMA, which would harm our business and revenue.

The  FDA  and  the  Federal  Trade  Commission,  or  FTC,  also  regulate  the  advertising  and  promotion  of  medical devices to ensure that their promotional claims made are consistent with the applicable marketing authorizations, that  there  are  adequate  and  reasonable  data  to  substantiate  the  claims,  and  that  the  promotional  labeling  and advertising is neither false nor misleading in any respect. If the FDA or FTC determines that any of our promotional claims are false, misleading, not substantiated or not permissible, we may be subject to enforcement actions and we may be required to revise our promotional claims and make other corrections or restitutions. Similar requirements apply in foreign jurisdictions.

The  FDA,  state  and  foreign  authorities  have  broad  enforcement  powers.  Our  failure  to  comply  with  applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, state or foreign regulatory agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions:

- adverse publicity, warning letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties;

- repair,  replacement,  refunds,  recalls,  termination  of  distribution,  administrative  detention  or  seizures  of  our products;
- operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production;
- customer notifications or repair, replacement or refunds;
- refusing  our  requests  for  clearances  or  approvals  of  new  products,  new  intended  uses  or  modifications  to existing products;
- withdrawals of current clearances, approvals or certifications, resulting in prohibitions on sales of our products;
- refusal to issue certificates needed to export products for sale in other countries; and
- criminal prosecution.

Any  of  these  sanctions  could  also  result  in  higher  than  anticipated  costs  or  lower  than  anticipated  sales  of  our products and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, the FDA may change its clearance and approval policies, adopt additional regulations or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our current or future products under  development.  For  example,  on  February  23,  2022,  the  FDA  issued  a  proposed  rule  to  amend  the  Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which establishes current good manufacturing practice requirements for medical device manufacturers, to align more closely with the International Organization for Standardization, or ISO, standards. This proposal  has  not  yet  been  finalized  or  adopted.  Accordingly,  it  is  unclear  the  extent  to  which  any  proposals,  if adopted, could impose increased costs of compliance, or otherwise negatively affect our business. Additionally, in September  2019,  the  FDA  issued  revised  final  guidance  describing  an  optional  'safety  and  performance  based' premarket review pathway for manufacturers of 'certain, well-understood device types' to demonstrate substantial equivalence  under  the  510(k)  clearance  pathway  by  showing  that  such  device  meets  objective  safety  and performance criteria established by the FDA, thereby obviating the need for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. The FDA maintains a list device types appropriate for the 'safety and performance based' pathway and continues to develop productspecific  guidance  documents  that  identify  the  performance  criteria  for  each  such  device  type,  as  well  as recommended testing methods, where feasible. The FDA may establish performance criteria for classes of devices similar to ours, and it is unclear the extent to which such performance standards, if established, could impact our ability to obtain marketing authorization or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business.

In  addition,  FDA  regulations  and  guidance  are  often  revised  or  reinterpreted  by  the  FDA  in  ways  that  may significantly affect our business and our products. Any new statutes, regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing regulations may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of any product candidates or make it more difficult  to  obtain  marketing  authorizations  for,  manufacture,  market  or  distribute  any  product  candidate  we  are developing. We cannot determine what effect changes in regulations, statutes, legal interpretation or policies, when and if promulgated, enacted or adopted may have on our business in the future. Such changes could, among other things,  require:  additional  testing  prior  to  seeking  marketing  authorization,  changes  to  manufacturing  methods recalls, replacement or discontinuance of our products or additional record keeping.

The FDA's and other regulatory authorities' policies may change and additional government regulations may be promulgated that could prevent, limit or delay marketing authorization of any product candidates we develop. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we  are  not  able  to  maintain  regulatory  compliance,  we  may  be  subject  to  enforcement  action  and  we  may  not achieve or sustain profitability.

The  EU  regulatory  landscape  concerning  medical  devices  (including  in  vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices)  is evolving. On April 5, 2017 Regulation (EU) 2017/746 of the European Parliament and of the Council on in vitro diagnostic medical devices and repealing Directive 98/79/EC and Commission Decision 2010/227/EU, or the IVDR, was adopted to establish a modernized and more robust EU legislative framework, with the aim of ensuring better protection  of  public  health  and  patient  safety.  Unlike  directives,  the  IVDR  does  not  need  to  be  transposed  into national law and therefore reduces the risk of discrepancies in interpretation across the different European markets.

The IVDR will become applicable five years after publication (on May 26, 2022). However, on October 14, 2021, the European Commission proposed a 'progressive' roll-out of the IVDR to prevent disruption in the supply of in vitro  diagnostic  medical  devices.  Consequently,  if  the  European  Parliament  and  Council  adopt  the  proposed regulation, the IVDR will fully apply on May 26, 2022 but there will be a tiered system extending the grace period for many devices (depending on their risk classification) before they have to be fully compliant with the regulation.

These modifications may have an effect on the way we conduct our business in the EU and the EEA.

## Changes  in  funding  for,  or  disruptions  caused  by  global  health  concerns  impacting,  the  FDA  and  other government agencies or  notified  bodies  could  hinder  their  ability  to  hire  and  retain  key  leadership  and  other personnel, or otherwise prevent new medical device products from being developed, authorized or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business.

The ability of the FDA, foreign regulatory authorities and notified bodies to review and authorize the sale or certify new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels; its ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees; statutory, regulatory, and policy changes; and other  events  that  may  otherwise  affect  the  FDA's  foreign  regulatory  authorities'  and  notified  bodies'  ability  to perform routine functions. Average review times at the FDA have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA, other agencies and notified bodies  may  also  slow  the  time  necessary  for  new  devices,  including  in  vitro  diagnostics  to  be  reviewed  and/or authorized or certified for marketing by necessary government agencies or notified bodies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain  regulatory  agencies,  such  as  the  FDA,  have  had  to  furlough  critical  FDA  employees  and  stop  critical activities.

Separately, in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign  manufacturing  facilities  at  various  points.  Even  though  the  FDA  has  since  resumed  standard  inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, the FDA has continued to monitor and implement changes to its inspectional activities  to  ensure  the  safety  of  its  employees  and  those  of  the  firms  it  regulates  as  it  adapts  to  the evolving COVID-19 pandemic, and any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional delays. Other regulatory authorities may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns continue to prevent  the  FDA  or  other  regulatory  authorities  from  conducting  business  as  usual  or  conducting  inspections, reviews  or  other  regulatory  activities,  it  could  significantly  impact  the  ability  of  the  FDA  to  timely  review  and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In  the  EU,  notified  bodies  must  be  officially  designated  to  certify  products  and  services  in  accordance  with  the IVDR.  Only  a  few  notified  bodies  have  been  designated  so  far  and  the  COVID-19  pandemic  has  significantly slowed  down  their  designation  process.  Without  IVDR  designation,  notified  bodies  may  not  yet  start  certifying devices in accordance with the new Regulation. As only a few notified bodies has been IVDR-designated they are facing  a  heavy  workload  and  their  review  times  have  lengthened.  This  situation  could  impact  the  way  we  are conducting or intend to conduct our business in the EU and the EEA.

## Failure  to  comply  with  federal,  state  and  foreign  laboratory  licensing  requirements  and  the  applicable requirements of the FDA or any other regulatory authority, could cause us to lose the ability to perform our tests, experience disruptions to our business, or become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions.

We are subject to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, or CLIA, a federal law that regulates clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease. CLIA regulations establish specific standards with respect to personnel qualifications,  facility  administration,  proficiency  testing,  quality  control,  quality  assurance  and  inspections.  Any testing  subject  to  CLIA  regulation  must  be  performed  in  a  CLIA  certified  laboratory.  CLIA  certification  is  also required in order for us to be eligible to bill state and federal healthcare programs, as well as commercial payers, for our tests. We have a current CLIA certification to perform our tests at our laboratory in Redwood City, California. To maintain this certificate, we are subject to survey and inspection every two years. Moreover, CLIA inspectors may make random inspections of our laboratory from time to time.

We are also required to maintain a California clinical laboratory license to perform testing in California. California laboratory laws establish standards for day-to-day operation of our clinical laboratory in Redwood City, California, including the training and skills required of personnel and quality control. In addition, some other states require our California laboratory to be licensed in the state in order to test specimens from those states. In addition to California, our  laboratory  is  licensed  in  Florida,  Maryland,  Pennsylvania,  Rhode  Island  and  New  York.  Although  we  have obtained licenses from states where we believe we are required to be licensed, it is possible that other states we are not aware of currently require out-of-state laboratories to obtain licensure in order to test specimens from the state, and that other states may adopt similar requirements in the future.

We may also be subject to regulations in foreign jurisdictions as we seek to expand international utilization of our tests or as such jurisdictions adopt new licensure requirements, which may require review of our tests in order to offer  them  or  may  have  other  limitations  such  as  restrictions  on  the  transport  of  specimens  necessary  for  us  to perform our tests that may limit our ability to make our tests available outside of the United States. Complying with licensure  requirements  in  new  jurisdictions  may  be  expensive,  time-consuming  and  subject  us  to  significant  and unanticipated delays.

Failure to comply with applicable clinical laboratory licensure requirements may result in a range of enforcement actions, including suspension, limitation or revocation of our CLIA certification and/or state licenses, imposition of a  directed  plan  of  action,  on-site  monitoring,  civil  monetary  penalties,  criminal  sanctions,  inability  to  receive reimbursement  from  Medicare,  Medicaid  and  commercial  payers,  as  well  as  significant  adverse  publicity.  Any sanction  imposed  under  CLIA,  its  implementing  regulations,  or  state  or  foreign  laws  or  regulations  governing clinical laboratory licensure or our failure to renew our CLIA certification, a state or foreign license or accreditation, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we were able to bring our laboratory back into compliance, we could incur significant expenses and potentially lose revenue in doing so.

In order to test specimens from New York, LDTs must be approved by the New York State Department of Health, or NYSDOH, on a product-by-product basis before they are offered, and our Guardant360 test has been approved by NYSDOH. We will need to seek NYSDOH approval of any future LDTs we develop and want to offer for clinical testing to New York residents, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such approval. As a result, we are subject to periodic inspection by the NYSDOH and are required to demonstrate ongoing compliance with NYSDOH regulations and standards. To the extent NYSDOH identified any non-compliance and we are unable to implement satisfactory corrective actions to remedy such non-compliance, the State of New York could withdraw approval for our tests.

The College of American Pathologists, or CAP, maintains a clinical laboratory accreditation program. While not required to operate a CLIA-certified laboratory, many private insurers require CAP accreditation as a condition to contracting  with  clinical  laboratories  to  cover  their  tests.  In  addition,  some  countries  outside  the  United  States require CAP accreditation as a condition to permitting clinical laboratories to test samples taken from their citizens. In 2014, we obtained CAP accreditation for our Redwood City, California laboratory, and in order to maintain such accreditation, we are subject to survey for compliance with CAP standards every two years. Failure to maintain CAP accreditation could have a material adverse effect on the sales of our tests and the results of our operations.

## We are  subject  to  numerous  federal  and  state  healthcare  statutes  and  regulations;  complying  with  such  laws pertaining to our business is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties and a material adverse effect to our business and results of operations.

Our operations are subject to other extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, all of which are subject to change. These laws and regulations may include, among others:

- the  AKS,  which  prohibits  knowingly  and  willfully  offering,  paying,  soliciting  or  receiving  remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind (e.g. provision of free or discounted goods, services or items), in return for or to induce such person to refer an individual, or to purchase, lease, order, arrange for or recommend purchasing, leasing or ordering, any good, facility, item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program. The term ''remuneration'' has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, such as phlebotomy kits. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration that are alleged to be intended to induce referrals, purchases or recommendations of covered items or services may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the AKS. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts  and  circumstances.  Several  courts  have  held  that  if  any  one  purpose  of  an  arrangement  involving remuneration  is  to  induce  referrals  of  federal  healthcare  covered  business,  the  AKS  has  been  violated. Moreover, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation;

- the  EKRA, which prohibits knowingly and willfully soliciting  or  receiving  any  remuneration  (including  any kickback, bribe or rebate) directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in return for referring a patient or patronage to a laboratory; or paying or offering any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate) directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce a referral of an individual to a laboratory or in exchange for an individual using the services of that laboratory. The EKRA applies to all payers including commercial payers and government payers;
- the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician from making a referral for certain designated health services covered by  the  Medicare  or  Medicaid  program,  including  laboratory  and  pathology  services,  if  the  physician  or  an immediate family member of the physician has a financial relationship with the entity providing the designated health  services  and  prohibits  that  entity  from  billing,  presenting  or  causing  to  be  presented  a  claim  for  the designated health services furnished pursuant to the prohibited referral, unless an exception applies;
- the  federal  Civil  Monetary  Penalties  Law,  which  prohibits,  among  other  things,  the  offering  or  transfer  of remuneration to a Medicare or state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely  to  influence  the  beneficiary's  selection  of  a  particular  provider,  practitioner  or  supplier  of  services reimbursable by Medicare or a state healthcare program, unless an exception applies;
- federal  and  state  'Anti-Markup'  rules,  which,  among  other  things,  typically  prohibit  a  physician  or  supplier billing for clinical or diagnostic tests (with certain exceptions) from marking up the price of a purchased test performed  by  another  physician  or  supplier  that  does  not  'share  a  practice'  with  the  billing  physician  or supplier;
- the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, biologicals, and kits, medical devices or supplies that require premarket approval by or notification to the FDA, and for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program to report annually to CMS, information related to (i) payments and other transfers of value to physicians (as defined by statute), certain  other  health  care  professionals  such  as  physician  assistants  and  nurse  practitioners,  and  teaching hospitals,  and  (ii)  ownership  and  investment  interests  in  such  manufacturers  held  by  physicians  and  their immediate  family  members.  Failure  to  submit  required  information  may  result  in  significant  civil  monetary penalties  for  any  payments,  transfers  of  value  or  ownership  or  investment  interests  that  are  not  timely, accurately, and completely reported in an annual submission, and may result in liability under other federal laws or regulations;
- the federal government may bring a lawsuit under the False Claims Act, or the FCA, against any party whom it believes  has  knowingly  or  recklessly  presented,  or  caused  to  be  presented,  a  false  or  fraudulent  request  for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim for  payment  approved.  The  federal  government  and  a  number  of  courts  have  taken  the  position  that  claims presented in violation of certain other statutes, including the AKS or the Stark Law, can also be considered a violation of the FCA based on the theory that a provider impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations,  and  other  rules  when  submitting  claims  for  reimbursement.  An  FCA  violation  may  provide  the basis  for  the  imposition  of  administrative  penalties  as  well  as  exclusion  from  participation  in  governmental healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. A number of states including California have enacted laws that are similar to the federal FCA. Private individuals can bring FCA 'qui tam' actions, on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as 'whistleblowers,' may share in amounts paid by the entity  to  the  government  in  fines  or  settlement.  When  an  entity  is  determined  to  have  violated  the  FCA,  the government may impose civil fines and penalties for each false claim, plus treble damages, and exclude the entity  from  participation  in  federal  healthcare  programs.  In  January  2022,  we  received  a  civil  investigative demand, or CID, from the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California in connection with an investigation  under  the  False  Claims  Act.  The  CID  requests  information  and  documents  regarding  billing government-funded programs for the Company's panel of genetic tests known as Guardant360. We are fully cooperating with the investigation. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of this investigation.  See 'Commitments  and  Contingencies  -  Legal  Proceedings'  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  more information;

- the  HIPAA  fraud  and  abuse  provisions,  which  created  federal  criminal  statutes  that  prohibit,  among  other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private insurers, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program,  willfully  obstructing  a  criminal  investigation  of  a  healthcare  offense,  and  knowingly  and  willfully falsifying,  concealing  or  covering  up  a  material  fact  or  making  any  materially  false,  fictitious  or  fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A person or entity  does  not  need  to  have  actual  knowledge  of  the  statute  or  specific  intent  to  violate  it  in  order  to  have committed a violation;
- federal and state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, unlawful trade practices,  insurance  fraud,  kickbacks,  patient  inducement  and  statutory  or  common  law  fraud restrict  the  provision  of  products,  services  or  items  for  free  or  at  reduced  charge  to  government  or  nongovernment healthcare program beneficiaries. These laws and regulations relating to the provision of items or services for free are complex and are subject to interpretation by the courts and by government agencies;
- other federal and state fraud and abuse laws, such as state anti-kickback, self-referrals, false claims and antimarkup laws, any of which may extend to services reimbursable by any payer, including private insurers;
- state laws that prohibit other specified practices, such as billing physicians for tests that they order; providing tests  at  no  or  discounted  cost  to  induce  adoption;  waiving  co-insurance,  co-payments,  deductibles  or  other amounts owed by patients; billing a state healthcare program at a price that is higher than what is charged to other payers; or employing, exercising control over or splitting fees with licensed medical professionals; and
- similar foreign laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate or may operate in the future.

As a clinical laboratory, our business practices may face additional scrutiny from various government agencies such as the Department of Justice, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, or OIG, and CMS. Certain arrangements between clinical laboratories and referring physicians have been identified in fraud alerts issued by the OIG as implicating the AKS. The OIG has stated that it is particularly concerned about these types of arrangements because the choice of laboratory and the decision to order laboratory tests typically are made or strongly influenced by the physician, with little or no patient input. Moreover, the provision of payments or other items of value by a clinical laboratory to a referral source could be prohibited under the Stark Law unless the arrangement meets all criteria of an exception. The government has been active in enforcement of these laws against clinical laboratories.

Numerous states have enacted laws prohibiting business corporations, such as us, from practicing medicine and from employing or engaging physicians and other medical professionals (generally referred to as the prohibition against the corporate practice of medicine), which could include physician laboratory directors. These laws are designed to prevent interference in the medical decision-making process by anyone who is not a licensed medical professional. For  example,  California's  Medical  Board  has  indicated  that  determining  the  appropriate  diagnostic  tests  for  a particular condition and taking responsibility for the ultimate overall care of a patient, including making treatment options available to the patient, would constitute the unlicensed practice of medicine if performed by an unlicensed person.  Violation  of  these  laws  may  result  in  sanctions  and  civil  or  criminal  penalties.  It  is  possible  that governmental  authorities  may  conclude  that  our  business  practices,  including  our  consulting  and  advisory  board arrangements  with  physicians  and  other  healthcare  providers,  some  of  whom  receive  stock  or  stock  options  as compensation  for  services  provided,  do  not  comply  with  current  or  future  corporate  practice  of  medicine  or healthcare fraud and abuse statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law.

The growth and international expansion of our business may increase the potential of violating applicable laws and regulations.  The  risk  is  further  increased  by  the  fact  that  many  such  laws  and  regulations  have  not  been  fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Efforts to ensure that our internal operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Any action brought against us for violation of these or other laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's attention from the operation of our business. Any of the foregoing consequences could seriously harm our business and our financial results. To the extent our business operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or  regulations, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, monetary fines, individual imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished  profits  and  future  earnings,  additional  reporting  or  oversight  obligations  if  we  become  subject  to  a corporate  integrity  agreement  or  other  agreement  to  resolve  allegations  of  non-compliance  with  the  law  and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and pursue our strategy. If any of the healthcare providers or other parties with whom we interact or may interact in the future, are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, they may be subject to criminal, civil  or  administrative  sanctions,  including  exclusions  from  participation  in  various  healthcare  programs,  which could also negatively affect our business or revenue.

## If the validity of an informed consent from patients regarding our test was challenged, we could be forced to stop offering our products or using our resources, our business and results of operations will be negatively affected.

We offer our tests to physicians and to biopharmaceutical companies in connection with clinical studies. We have implemented measures to ensure that data and biological samples that we receive have been collected from subjects who have provided appropriate informed consent. We also act as a sponsor of clinical studies in connection with the development of our tests, which are frequently conducted in collaboration with different parties. We seek to receive approval from an ethical review board, or institutional review board, or IRB, or other reviewing bodies for projects that meet the definition of 'human subjects research,' which includes review and approval of processes for subject informed consent and authorization for use of personal information or waivers thereof. We  and our biopharmaceutical partners could conduct clinical studies in a number of different countries. When we are acting as a  vendor in connection with a clinical study sponsored by our biopharmaceutical partners, we rely upon them to comply with  the  requirements  to  obtain  the  subject's  informed  consent  and  to  comply  with  applicable  laws  and regulations.  The  collection  of  data  and  samples  in  many  different  countries  results  in  complex  legal  questions regarding the adequacy of informed consent and the status of genetic material under a large number of different legal systems. Those informed consents could be challenged and prove invalid, unlawful, or otherwise inadequate for our purposes. Any such findings against us, or our biopharmaceutical partners, could force us to stop accessing or using data  and  samples  or  servicing  or  conducting  clinical  studies,  which  would  hinder  our  product  offerings  or development. We could also become involved in legal actions, which could consume our management and financial resources.

## We may be subject to fines, penalties, licensure requirements, or legal liability, if it is determined that through our test reports we are practicing medicine without a license.

Our  test  reports  delivered  to  physicians  provide  information  regarding  FDA  or  foreign  regulatory  authoritiesapproved therapies and clinical studies that oncologists may use in making treatment decisions for their patients. We make members of our organization available to discuss the information provided in the reports. Certain state laws prohibit the practice of medicine without a license. Our customer service representatives and medical affairs team provide  support  to  our  customers,  including  assistance  in  interpreting  the  test  report  results.  A  governmental authority or other parties could allege that the identification of available therapies and clinical studies in our reports and  the  related  customer  service  we  provide  constitute  the  practice  of  medicine.  A  state  may  seek  to  have  us discontinue the inclusion of certain aspects of our test reports or the related services we provide, or subject us to fines, penalties, or licensure requirements. Any determination that we are practicing medicine without a license may result in significant liability to us, and our business and reputation would be harmed.

## Our billing and claim processing are complex and time-consuming, and any delay in submitting claims or failure to comply with applicable billing requirements could hinder collection and have an adverse effect on our revenue.

Billing  for  our  tests  is  complex,  time-consuming  and  expensive.  Depending  on  the  billing  arrangement  and applicable law, we bill various payers, such as Medicare, Medicaid, health plans, insurance companies and patients, all of which may have different billing requirements. Several factors make the billing process complex, including:

- differences between the list prices for our tests and the reimbursement rates of payers;

- compliance  with  complex  federal  and  state  regulations  related  to  billing  government  healthcare  programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, to the extent our tests are covered by such programs;
- differences in coverage among payers and the effect of patient co-payments or co-insurance;
- differences in information, pre-authorization and other billing requirements among payers;
- changes to codes and coding instructions governing our tests;
- incorrect or missing billing information; and
- the resources required to manage the billing and claim appeals process.

These billing complexities and the related uncertainty in obtaining payment for our tests could negatively affect our revenue and cash flow, our ability to achieve profitability and the consistency and comparability of our results of operations. In addition, if claims for our tests are not submitted to payers on a timely basis, or if we fail to comply with applicable billing requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our revenue and our business.

In  addition,  the  coding  procedure  used  by  third-party  payers  to  identify  various  procedures,  including  our  test, during the billing process is complex, does not adapt well to our tests and may not enable coverage and adequate reimbursement  rates.  Third-party  payers  usually  require  us  to  identify  the  test  for  which  we  are  seeking reimbursement using a Current Procedural Terminology, or the CPT code. CPT coding plays a significant role in how  our  Guardant360  test  is  reimbursed  both  from  commercial  and  governmental  payers.  The  CPT  code  set  is maintained  by  the  American  Medical  Association,  or  AMA.  In  cases  where  there  is  not  a  specific  CPT  code  to describe a test, such as Guardant360 test, the test may be billed under an unlisted molecular pathology procedure code or through the use of a combination of single gene CPT codes, depending on the payer. The Protecting Access to Medicare Act, or PAMA authorized the adoption of new, temporary billing codes and unique test identifiers for FDA-cleared or approved tests as well as advanced diagnostic laboratory tests. The AMA has created a new section of CPT codes, Proprietary Laboratory Analyses codes or PLA, to facilitate implementation of this section of PAMA. In addition, CMS maintains the Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System, or HCPCS, and may assign unique level  II  HCPCS  code  to  tests  that  are  not  already  described  by  a  unique  CPT  code.  New  CPT  codes  are  issued annually and new HCPCS codes are issued as frequently as quarterly. Payers' acceptance of the new code could be delayed, and transition to the new code could result in a decrease in reimbursement for our tests, both of which could potentially  reduce  revenue  from  commercial  and  government  payers.  In  addition,  Z-Code  Identifiers  are  used  by certain payers, including under Medicare's Molecular Diagnostic Services Program, or MolDx, to supplement CPT codes for molecular diagnostics tests such as our Guardant360 test. Following the FDA approval of our Guardant360 CDx test, a new Z-Code Identifier was issued in August 2020. In January 2021, a proprietary laboratory analyses, or PLA code was issued for our Guardant360 CDx with an effective date in April 2021. Additionally, based on this new PLA code, we applied to the CMS for our Guardant360 CDx test to become an advanced diagnostic laboratory test,  or  ADLT.  In  March  2021,  CMS  approved  ADLT  status  to  the  Guardant360  CDx  test,  based  on  which, Medicare  paid  us  at  the  lowest  available  commercial  rate  from  April  1,  2021  to  December  31,  2021.  Effective January 1, 2022, Medicare has started to reimburse Guardant360 CDx services at the median rate of claims paid by commercial  payers  and  this  rate  will  apply  until  December  2023.  In  March  2022,  Palmetto  GBA,  the  Medicare administrative  contractor  for  MolDX,  or  MAC,  responsible  for  administering  Medicare's  Molecular  Diagnostic Services  Program,  or  MolDX,  conveyed  coverage  for  our  Guardant360  TissueNext  test  under  the  existing  local coverage determination. The policy covers our Guardant360 TissueNext test for Medicare fee-for-service patients with advanced solid tumor cancers. In July 2022, Palmetto GBA conveyed coverage for our Guardant Reveal test for fee-for-service Medicare patients in the United States with stage II or III colorectal cancer whose testing is initiated within three months following curative intent therapy, with an effective date of December 2021. Due to the inherent variability  and  unpredictability  of  the  reimbursement  landscape,  including  related  to  the  amount  that  payers reimburse us for any of our tests, we estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized at the time a test is provided and  record  revenue  adjustments  if  and  when  the  cash  subsequently  received  for  a  test  differs  from  the  revenue recorded for the test. Due to this variability and unpredictability, previously recorded revenue adjustments are not indicative of future revenue adjustments from  actual cash collections, which  may  fluctuate significantly. Additionally, if coding changes were to occur, payments for certain uses of our tests could be reduced, put on hold, or eliminated.

Use of coding for billing our products that does not describe a specific test, requires the claim to be examined to determine what test was provided, whether the test was appropriate and medically necessary, and whether payment should be rendered, which may require a letter of medical necessity from the ordering physician. This process can result in a delay in processing the claim, a lower reimbursement amount or denial of the claim. Because billing thirdparty payers for our tests is an unpredictable, challenging, time-consuming and costly process, we may face long collection cycles and the risk that we may never collect at all, either of which could adversely affect our business, results  of  operations  and  financial  condition,  and  we  may  have  to  increase  collection  efforts  and  incur  additional costs.

## Changes in healthcare laws, regulations and policies could increase our costs, decrease our sales and revenues and negatively impact reimbursement for our tests.

In  March  2010,  the  Patient  Protection  and  Affordable  Care  Act,  as  amended  by  the  Health  Care  and  Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or the ACA, became law. This law substantially changed the way health care is financed  by  both  commercial  payers  and  government  payers,  and  significantly  impacted  our  industry.  The  ACA contains a number of provisions expected to impact existing state and federal health care programs or result in the development of new programs, including those governing enrollments in  state  and  federal  health  care  programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse. Our business and operations could be affected by the ACA, including in ways we cannot currently predict.

Since its enactment, there have been efforts to repeal all or part of the ACA. On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Thus, the ACA will remain in effect in its current form. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace.  The  executive  order  also  instructed  certain  governmental  agencies  to  review  and  reconsider  their existing  policies  and  rules  that  limit  access  to  healthcare,  including  among  others,  reexamining  Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA.

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. On August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to providers, effective on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect  through  2032,  with  the  exception  of  a  temporary  suspension  from  May  1,  2020  through  March  31,  2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken.

We anticipate there will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels and in foreign jurisdictions,  regulators  and  commercial  and  government  payers  to  reduce  healthcare  costs  while  expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able  to  charge  for  our  tests,  the  coverage  of  or  the  amounts  of  reimbursement  available  for  our  tests  from commercial and government payers.

Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of their exceptions and safe harbors, it is possible that our current practices are challenged under one or more of such laws. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal, state and foreign enforcement  bodies  have  increased  their  scrutiny  of  interactions  between  healthcare  companies  and  healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry.

## Our  collection,  use  and  disclosure  of  personal  information,  including  patient  and  employee  information,  is subject to privacy and security laws and regulations, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with those laws and regulations or to adequately secure the information in our possession could result in significant liability or reputational harm.

The global  data  protection  landscape  is  rapidly  evolving,  and  we  are  or  may  become  subject  to  numerous  state, federal  and  foreign  laws,  requirements  and  regulations  governing  the  collection,  use,  disclosure,  retention,  and security of personal information. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize and distribute large amounts of personal health and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers and others in  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business.  Concerns  about  and  claims  challenging  our  practices  with  regard  to  the collection,  use,  retention,  disclosure  or  security  of  personally  identifiable  information  or  other  privacy-related matters, even if unfounded and even if we are in compliance with applicable laws, could damage our reputation and harm our business.

Numerous federal, state and foreign laws and regulations govern collection, dissemination, use and confidentiality of personally identifiable information and protected health information, or PHI, including HIPAA, as amended by the Health  Information  Technology  for  Economic  and  Clinical  Health  Act  of  2009,  and  regulations  promulgated thereunder, or collectively, HIPAA; state privacy and confidentiality laws (including state laws requiring disclosure of  breaches);  federal  and  state  consumer  protection  and  employment  laws;  and  European  and  other  foreign  data protection  laws.  Implementation  standards  and  enforcement  practices  are  likely  to  remain  uncertain  for  the foreseeable future, and we cannot yet determine the impact future laws, regulations, standards, or perception of their requirements may have on our business. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, affect our ability to operate  in  certain  jurisdictions  or  to  collect,  store,  transfer  use  and  share  personal  information,  necessitate  the acceptance of more onerous obligations in our contracts, result in liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to increase in the future. Any failure or perceived  failure  by  us  to  comply  with  federal,  state  or  foreign  laws  or  regulation,  our  internal  policies  and procedures  or  our  contracts  governing  our  processing  of  personal  information  could  result  in  negative  publicity, government investigations and enforcement actions, claims by third parties and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business.

HIPAA establishes a set of national privacy and security standards for the protection of PHI, by health plans, certain healthcare  providers  that  submit  certain  covered  transactions  electronically  and  healthcare  clearinghouses,  or ''covered entities,'' and their ''business associates,'' which are persons or entities that perform certain services for, or on behalf of, a covered entity that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting PHI. We are a covered entity under HIPAA and therefore must comply with its requirements to protect the privacy and security of health information and must provide individuals with certain rights with respect to their health information. If we engage a  business  associate  to  help  us  carry  out  healthcare  activities  and  functions,  we  must  have  a  written  business associate contract or other arrangement with the business associate that establishes specifically what the business associate has been engaged to do and requires the business associate to comply with certain safeguards and other requirements under HIPAA.

Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured PHI, a complaint about privacy  practices  or  an  audit  by  HHS,  may  be  subject  to  significant  civil,  criminal  and  administrative  fines  and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective  action  plan  with  HHS  to  settle  allegations  of  HIPAA  non-compliance.  HIPAA  also  authorizes  state Attorneys General to file  suit  on  behalf  of  their  residents.  Courts  may  award  damages,  costs  and  attorneys'  fees related  to  violations  of  HIPAA  in  such  cases.  While  HIPAA  does  not  create  a  private  right  of  action  allowing individuals to sue us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in  state  civil  suits  such  as  those  for  negligence  or  recklessness  in  the  misuse  or  breach  of  PHI.  A  person  who knowingly  obtains  or  discloses  individually  identifiable  health  information  in  violation  of  HIPAA  may  face additional fines and up to one-year imprisonment. The criminal penalties increase if the wrongful conduct involves false  pretenses  or  the  intent  to  sell,  transfer,  or  use  identifiable  health  information  for  commercial  advantage, personal gain, or malicious harm. In addition, responding to government investigations regarding alleged violations of these and other laws and regulations, even if ultimately concluded with no findings of violations or no penalties imposed, can consume company resources and impact our business and, if public, harm our reputation.

Further,  various  states,  such  as  California  and  Massachusetts,  have  implemented  similar  privacy  laws  and regulations, such as the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, that impose restrictive requirements regulating the use and disclosure of health information and other personally identifiable information. Laws in all 50 states  require  businesses  to  provide  notice  to  individuals  whose  personally  identifiable  information  has  been disclosed as a result of a data breach. The laws are not consistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach is costly. States are also constantly amending existing laws, and creating new data privacy and security laws, requiring attention to frequently changing regulatory requirements. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA went into effect on January 1, 2020, and creates certain data privacy rights for California residents. The  CCPA  increases  the  privacy  and  security  obligations  of  entities  handling  certain  personal  information,  and provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches that has increased the likelihood of, and risks associated with data breach litigation. Further, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, generally  went  into  effect  in  January  2023,  and  imposes  additional  data  protection  obligations  on  covered businesses,  including  additional  consumer  rights  processes,  limitations  on  data  uses,  new  audit  requirements  for higher risk data, and opt outs for certain uses of sensitive data. It has also created a new California data protection agency authorized to issue substantive regulations and could result in increased privacy and information security enforcement. Additional compliance investment and potential business process changes may be required. Similar laws have passed in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah and have been proposed in other states and at the federal  level,  reflecting  a  trend  toward  more  stringent  privacy  legislation  in  the  United  States.  These  laws  and regulations are not necessarily preempted by HIPAA, particularly if a state affords greater protection to individuals than HIPAA. Where state laws are more protective, we may have to comply with the stricter provisions. In addition to  fines  and  penalties  imposed  upon  violators,  some  of  these  state  laws  also  afford  private  rights  of  action  to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused. The interplay of federal and state laws may be subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and our clients, and potentially exposing us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. Further, as regulatory focus  on  privacy  issues  continues  to  increase  and  laws  and  regulations  concerning  the  protection  of  personal information expand and become more complex, these potential risks to our business could intensify. Changes in laws  or  regulations  associated  with  the  enhanced  protection  of  certain  types  of  sensitive  data,  such  as  PHI,  or personally identifiable information along with increased demands for enhanced data security infrastructure, could greatly increase our costs of providing our services, decrease demand for our services, reduce our revenue and/or subject us to additional risks.

Furthermore, the Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, and many state Attorneys General continue to enforce federal and state consumer protection laws against companies for online collection, use, dissemination and security practices that appear to be unfair or deceptive. For example, according to the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers' personal information secure can constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation  of  Section  5(a)  of  the  Federal  Trade  Commission  Act.  The  FTC  expects  a  company's  data  security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities.

In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer, health-related, and data protection laws, especially with respect to genetic samples and data, in the United States, European Economic Area, or EEA, and elsewhere are often uncertain,  contradictory,  and  in  flux.  We  operate  or  may  operate  in  a  number  of  countries  outside  of  the  United States whose laws may in some cases be more stringent than the requirements in the United States. For example, EEA  member  states  have  specific  requirements  relating  to  cross-border  transfers  of  personal  data  to  certain jurisdictions, including to the United States where our laboratory resides. In addition, some countries have stricter consumer  notice  and/or  consent  requirements  relating  to  personal  data  collection,  use  or  sharing,  more  stringent requirements  relating  to  organizations'  privacy  programs  and  provide  stronger  individual  rights.  Moreover, international privacy and data security regulations may become more complex and have greater consequences. For instance, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, went into effect in May 2018 and imposes stringent data protection requirements for the processing of personal data of persons within the EEA. The GDPR applies to any company  established  in  the  EEA  as  well  as  to  those  outside  the  EEA  if  they  collect  and  use  personal  data  in connection with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA or the monitoring of their behavior. The GDPR imposes strict data protection compliance requirements including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed; demonstrating that an appropriate legal basis is in place or otherwise exists to justify data processing activities; granting rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data; introducing the obligation to notify data protection regulators or supervisory authorities (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of  significant  data  breaches;  defining  pseudonymized  (i.e.,  key-coded)  data;  imposing  limitations  on  retention  of personal data; maintaining a record of data processing; and complying with the principal of accountability and the obligation  to  demonstrate  compliance  through  policies,  procedures,  training  and  audit.  The  GDPR  provides  that EEA member states  may  make  their  own  further  laws  and  regulations  limiting  the  processing  of  personal  data, including genetic, biometric or health data, which could limit our ability to use and share personal data or could cause  our  costs  could  increase,  and  harm  our  business  and  financial  condition.  Failure  to  comply  with  the requirements of GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EEA member states may result in fines  of  up  to  €20,000,000  or  up  to  4%  of  the  total  worldwide  annual  turnover  of  the  preceding  financial  year, whichever  is  higher,  and  other  administrative  penalties.  Failure  to  comply  with  the  GDPR  and  other  applicable privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could result in material penalties imposed by regulators, affect  our  compliance  with  client  contracts  and  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and results of operations.

European data protection law also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the United States. These obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another  and  may  conflict  with  other  requirements  or  our  practices.  In  addition,  these  rules  are  constantly  under scrutiny. For example, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU, or the CJEU, limited how organizations could lawfully transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States by invalidating the Privacy Shield for purposes of international  transfers  and  imposing  further  restrictions  on  use  of    the  standard  contractual  clauses,  or  SCCs.  In March  2022,  the  United  States  and  EU  announced  a  new  regulatory  regime  intended  to  replace  the  invalidated regulations;  however,  this  new  EU-US  Data  Privacy  Framework  has  not  been  implemented  beyond  an  executive order signed by President Biden on October 7, 2022 on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities. European court and regulatory decisions subsequent to the CJEU decision of July 16, 2020 have taken a restrictive approach to international data transfers. As supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the SCCs cannot be used, and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional  costs,  complaints  and/or  regulatory  investigations  or  fines,  and/or  if  we  are  otherwise unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner  in  which  we  provide  our  services,  the  geographical  location  or  segregation  of  our  relevant  systems  and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results.

Further, from January 1, 2021, companies have had to comply with the GDPR and also the United Kingdom GDPR, or  the  UK  GDPR,  which,  together  with  the  amended  UK  Data  Protection  Act  2018,  retains  the  GDPR  in  UK national law. The UK GDPR mirrors the fines under the GDPR, i.e., fines up to the greater of €20 million (£17.5 million) or 4% of global turnover.

We are also subject to evolving EU privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing.  In the EEA, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a user's device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent, such as a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement  to  ensure  separate  consents  are  sought  for  each  type  of  cookie  or  similar  technology.  Any  of  these changes to EU data protection law or its interpretation could disrupt and harm our business. We rely on a mixture of safeguards to transfer personal data from our EU business to the U.S., and could be impacted by changes in law as a result  of  a  future  review  of  these  transfer  mechanisms  by  European  regulators  or  current  challenges  to  these mechanisms in the European courts.

In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. These and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations  concerning  data  privacy  and  security,  and  we  cannot  yet  determine  the  impact  such  future  laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. New laws, amendments to or reinterpretations of existing laws, regulations,  standards  and  other  obligations  may  require  us  to  incur  additional  costs  and  restrict  our  business operations. Because the interpretation and application of laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to  data  privacy  and  security  are  still  uncertain,  it  is  possible  that  these  laws,  regulations,  standards  and  other obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data processing practices and policies  or  the  features  of  our  products.  If  so,  in  addition  to  the  possibility  of  fines,  lawsuits,  regulatory investigations, public censure, other claims and penalties, and significant costs for remediation and damage to our reputation,  we  could  be  materially  and  adversely  affected  if  legislation  or  regulations  are  expanded  to  require changes  in  our  data  processing  practices  and  policies  or  if  governing  jurisdictions  interpret  or  implement  their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to make such changes and modifications in a commercially reasonable manner, or at all. Any inability  to  adequately  address  data  privacy  or  security-related  concerns,  even  if  unfounded,  or  to  comply  with applicable laws, regulations, standards and other obligations relating to data privacy and security, could result in additional  cost  and  liability  to  us,  harm  our  reputation  and  brand,  damage  our  relationships  with  consumers  and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We make  public  statements  about  our  use  and  disclosure  of  personal  information  through  our  privacy  policies, information  provided  on  our  website  and  press  statements.  Although  we  endeavor  to  comply  with  our  public statements and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices, even if unfounded, could damage the reputation of our business and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Although we work to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, our contractual obligations and other legal obligations, these requirements are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another or other legal obligations with which we must  comply.  Any  failure  or  perceived  failure  by  us  or  our  employees,  representatives,  contractors,  consultants, collaborators, or other third parties to comply with such requirements or adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business and results of operations.

## Risks related to our intellectual property

If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our technology, or if the scope  of  the  intellectual  property  protection  obtained  is  not  sufficiently  broad,  our  competitors  could  develop, manufacture and commercialize products, services or technology similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully develop, manufacture or commercialize our products, services or technology may be impaired.

We rely  on  patent  protection  as  well  as  trademark,  copyright,  trade  secret  and  other  intellectual  property  rights protection and contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technologies, all of which provide limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we fail to obtain, maintain and/or protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to enforce or restrict the use of our intellectual property rights against third parties or defend ourselves against third parties claiming that we are infringing upon such third parties' intellectual property rights.

To the extent our intellectual property rights offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we  would  be  exposed  to  a  greater  risk  of  direct  competition.  If  our  intellectual  property  rights  do  not  provide adequate coverage of our products, services or technology, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business.

As  is  the  case  with  other  biotechnology  companies,  our  success  depends  in  large  part  on  our  ability  to  obtain, maintain  and  protect  the  intellectual  property  we  own  or  we  have  licensed  from  others.  We  apply  for  patents covering our products,  services  and  technologies  and  uses  thereof,  as  we  deem  appropriate.  However,  obtaining, maintaining and enforcing biotechnology patents is costly, time-consuming and complex. We may fail to apply for patents  on  important  products,  services  or  technologies  in  a  timely  fashion  or  at  all,  or  we  may  fail  to  apply  for patents  in  potentially  relevant  jurisdictions.  We  may  not  be  able  to  file  and  prosecute  all  necessary  or  desirable patent applications, or maintain or enforce patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or  in  a  timely  manner.  It  is  also  possible  that  we  will  fail  to  identify  patentable  aspects  of  our  research  and development  output  before  it  is  too  late  to  obtain  patent  protection.  Patent  prosecution  process  can  be  timeconsuming and expensive. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications,  or  to  maintain  the  rights  to  patents  licensed  to  us  by  third  parties.  Therefore,  these  patents  and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business.

We own or license numerous U.S. patents and pending U.S. patent applications, with international counterparts in certain countries. It is possible that our or our licensors' pending patent applications will not result in issued patents in a timely fashion or at all, and even if patents are granted, they may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection  of  commercially  viable  products,  services  or  technologies,  may  not  provide  us  with  any  competitive advantages,  or  may  be  challenged  by  third  parties  and  be  invalidated  or  found  unenforceable.  It  is  possible  that others  will  design  around  our  current  or  future  patented  products,  services  or  technologies.  Some  of  such  patent rights are being challenged, including at the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in post-grant proceedings, at the European Patent Office, or EPO, in opposition proceedings, and some of such patent rights may be challenged in the future. We may not be successful in defending any such challenges made against our owned or licensed patents or patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to such patent rights could result in their unenforceability or invalidity and increased competition to our business. We have challenged and may choose to challenge the patents or patent applications of third parties. The outcome of patent disputes or other proceeding can be uncertain, and any attempt by us to enforce our patent rights against others or to challenge the patent rights of others  may not be successful, or, if  successful,  may  take  substantial  time  and  result  in  substantial  cost,  and  may divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business.

The  patent  positions  of  life  sciences  companies  can  be  highly  uncertain  and  involve  complex  legal  and  factual questions  for  which  important  legal  principles  remain  unresolved.  No  consistent  policy  regarding  the  breadth  of claims allowed in such companies' patents has emerged to date in the United States or elsewhere. Courts frequently render  opinions  in  the  biotechnology  field  that  may  affect  the  patentability  of  certain  inventions  or  discoveries, including opinions that may affect the patentability of methods for analyzing or comparing DNA sequences.

In  particular,  the  patent  positions  of  companies  engaged  in  the  development  and  commercialization  of  genomic diagnostic  tests,  like  our  current  products  and  tests,  and  our  future  products,  are  particularly  uncertain.  Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have rendered decisions that affect the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to certain diagnostic tests and related methods. These decisions state, among other things,  that  a  patent  claim  that  recites  an  abstract  idea,  natural  phenomenon  or  law  of  nature  (for  example,  the relationship between particular genetic variants and cancer) are not themselves patentable. Precisely what constitutes a law of nature is uncertain, and it is possible that certain aspects of genetic diagnostics tests would be considered natural laws. Accordingly, the evolving legal and administrative standards around the world, including in the United States may adversely affect our ability to obtain patents and may facilitate third-party challenges to any owned or licensed patents. The laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many foreign jurisdictions do not favor the enforcement of patent rights and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patent rights and other intellectual property rights thereunder. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights and other intellectual property protection in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business.

## Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products.

Changes  in  either  the  patent  laws  or  in  interpretations  of  patent  laws  in  the  United  States  or  other  countries  or regions may diminish the value of our intellectual property rights. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. We may not develop additional proprietary products, services, methods and technologies that are patentable.

Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 16, 2013, in the United States, the first to invent  the  claimed  invention  was  entitled  to  the  patent,  while  outside  the  United  States,  the  first  to  file  a  patent application was entitled to the patent. On or after March 16, 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, enacted in September 16, 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system  in  which,  assuming  that  other  requirements  for  patentability  are  met,  the  first  inventor  to  file  a  patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO on or after March 16, 2013, but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require us to be cognizant of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or our licensors were the first to either (i) file any patent  application  related  to  our  product  candidates  or  (ii)  invent  any  of  the  inventions  claimed  in  our  or  our licensor's patents or patent applications.

The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be  prosecuted  and  also  affect  patent  litigation.  These  include  allowing  third-party  submission  of  prior  art  to  the USPTO during patent prosecution or post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation  proceedings,  to  attack  the  validity  of  a  patent.  Because  of  a  lower  evidentiary  standard  in  USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence might not be sufficient to invalidate the claim if presented in a district court action. Accordingly, third parties have used and may continue to use the USPTO proceedings to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding our or our licensors' prosecution of patent applications and enforcement or defense of issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## Issued  patents  covering  our  products,  services  or  technology  could  be  found  invalid  or  unenforceable  if challenged.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Some of our owned or  licensed  patent  rights  have  been,  are  being  or  may  be  challenged  at  a  future  point  in  time  in  opposition, derivation,  re-examination, inter  partes review,  post-grant  review  or  interference.  Any  successful  third-party challenge to our patent rights in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patent rights, which may lead to increased competition to our business, which could harm our business. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the  outcome,  it  could  dissuade  companies  from  collaborating  with  us  to  license,  develop,  manufacture  or commercialize our current or future products, services or technology.

We may not be aware of all third-party intellectual property rights potentially relating to our products, services or technology. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until approximately 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not until such patent applications issue as patents. We, or our licensors, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our or our licensors' pending patent applications and we, or our licensors, might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. To determine the priority of  our  inventions,  we  have  participated  and  may  continue  to  participate  in  interference  proceedings,  derivation proceedings or other post-grant proceedings declared by the USPTO that could result in substantial cost to us. The outcome of such proceedings is uncertain. No assurance can be given that other patent applications will not have priority over our or our licensors' patent applications. In addition, changes to the patent laws of the United States allow  for  various  post-grant  opposition  proceedings  that  have  not  been  extensively  tested,  and  their  outcome  is therefore uncertain. Our licensors may also license patent rights to others, and we may not be aware of such licenses before they are granted or such licenses may be subject to disputes or uncertainties that affect patent rights licensed by us or could limit our ability  to  enforce  such  patent  rights.  If  third  parties  bring  actions  against  our  owned  or licensed patent rights, we could experience significant costs and management distraction.

In patent litigation in the United States or abroad, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability of plaintiff's patents are common. Grounds for a validity challenge for invalidity could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the patent office or made a misleading statement during prosecution. Similar claims may also be raised before patent offices in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation, through mechanisms including re-examination, post-grant review and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment to our patent rights in such a way that they no longer cover our products. The outcome of patent litigation or patent office proceedings following assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the relevant patent that protects our products, service or technology. Such a loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on our business.

We and some of our licensors have initiated, are currently involved in, and may in the future initiate or become involved  in  legal  proceedings  against  a  third  party  to  enforce  a  patent  covering  one  of  our  products,  services  or technology.

Defendants in such proceedings could counterclaim that the patents covering our products, services or technology are invalid or unenforceable and could institute legal proceedings to challenge such patents both in court and before patent offices. Any assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability against the patents covering our products, services or technology, even if not successful, could be time-consuming and expensive to defend, damage our reputation in the marketplace and the prospects for our business, and divert our management's attention.

We rely on licenses from third parties, and if we lose these licenses then we may be subjected to future litigation. If we cannot license and maintain rights to use third-party intellectual property rights on reasonable terms, we may not be able to successfully develop, manufacture and/or commercialize our products, services or technology. Our licensed intellectual property rights may lose value or utility over time.

From  time  to  time,  we  may  identify  third-party  technology  we  may  need,  including  those  related  to  develop, manufacture or commercialize new products, services or technology. We may also need to negotiate agreements to in-license  patents  or  other  intellectual  property  rights  from  third  parties  before  or  after  introducing  a  commercial products,  service  of  technology,  and  we  may  not  be  able  to  obtain  necessary  licenses  to  such  patents  or  other intellectual property rights. We are a party to various license agreements, including royalty-bearing agreements, that grant us rights to use and practice certain intellectual property of third parties, including claims included in issued patents, typically in certain specified fields of use. We may need to obtain additional licenses from others to advance our  research,  development,  manufacture  and  commercialization  activities.  We  may  be  unable  to  enter  into  the necessary  license  agreements  on  acceptable  terms  or  at  all,  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In return for the use of a third party's  intellectual  property  rights,  we  may  agree  to  pay  the  licensor  royalties  based  on  sales  of  our  products, services or technology. Royalties are a component of cost of products, services or technology and affect the margins on our products, services or technology.  If we are unable to negotiate reasonable royalties or if we have to pay royalties on technology that becomes less useful for us or ceases to provide value to us, our profit margin will be reduced and we may suffer losses.

Our license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements will impose, various development, diligence, commercialization and other obligations on us, including obligations to making payments to our licensors upon achievement of milestones.

In spite of our efforts, our licensors have asserted and may in the future assert that we have materially breached our obligations under such license agreements and could therefore seek or threaten to terminate the license agreements. If these licenses are terminated, or if the underlying patent rights fail to provide the intended exclusivity, our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize products, services and technology covered by these license agreements would be limited or lost, and our competitors or other third parties might have the freedom to develop, produce, manufacture, seek regulatory approval of, or to market, products, services or technology identical or similar to ours and we may be required to cease our development, manufacture and/or commercialization activities in connection with our products, services and/or technology. Our actual or potential licensors could take action with respect to our licensed intellectual property that may decrease the value of such licensed intellectual property. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, disputes could arise with respect to any aspect of our license agreements, including:

- the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues;
- the  extent  to  which  our  products  or  product  candidates,  services,  technology  and  processes  infringe  on intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the licensing agreement;
- the  licensing  of  patent  and  other  rights  controlled  by  our  licensors  or  developed  under  our  collaborative development relationships to others;
- our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations;
- the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how licensed to us or resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors, us and/or our partners;
- the validity, enforceability or priority of licensed patent rights; and
- the amount of royalties and other payments we are obligated to pay under the license agreement.

If  we  do  not  prevail  in  such  disputes,  we  may  lose  the  rights  under  any  of  such  license  agreements,  the  license agreements  may  not  be  meaningful  for  our  business  and  operations,  and  we  may  be  subject  to  unnecessary  or additional payment obligations.

In addition, the agreements under which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are  complex,  and  certain  provisions  in  such  agreements  could  be  susceptible  to  multiple  interpretations.  The resolution of any such contract interpretation disagreement could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations  under  the  relevant  agreement,  either  of  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial  condition,  results  of  operations  and  prospects.  Moreover,  if  disputes  over  licensed  intellectual  property impair  our  ability  to  enforce  licensed  intellectual  property  against  third  parties  or  use  it  to  defend  ourselves  in litigation, the value of such licensed intellectual property may be diminished.

If we fail to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop, manufacture and commercialize the affected product, product candidate, service or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If  any  of  these  license  agreements  is  terminated,  if  the  licensor  fails  to  abide  by  the  terms  of  the license agreement, if the licensor fails to enforce its intellectual property rights licensed to us against third parties that infringe upon such intellectual property rights, or if the licensed patent or other rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable, we may be unable to achieve our business goals and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Absent the license agreements, we could infringe patents and other intellectual property rights of the licensors subject to those agreements, and if the license agreements are terminated, we may be subject to litigation by the licensor. Litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. If we do not  prevail,  we  may  be  required  to  pay  damages,  including  treble  damages,  attorneys'  fees,  costs  and  expenses, royalties  or,  be  enjoined  from  selling  our  products,  services  or  technology,  including  our  tests,  which  could adversely  affect  our  ability  to  offer  products,  services  or  technology,  our  ability  to  continue  operations  and  our financial condition.

Any intellectual property rights licensed by us may lose value or utility, including as a result of a change of in the industry,  in  our  business  objectives,  others'  technology,  our  dispute  with  the  licensor,  and  other  circumstances outside our control.

## We may not be able to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights adequately throughout the world.

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents and other intellectual property rights covering our products, services and technology  in  all  countries  throughout  the  world  would  be  prohibitively  expensive,  and  our  intellectual  property rights in some territories outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries and regions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws  of  the  United  States,  and  we  may  encounter  difficulties  in  protecting  and  defending  such  rights  in  foreign jurisdictions.  Consequently,  we  may  not  be  able  to  prevent  third  parties  from  practicing  our  inventions  in  all jurisdictions,  or  from  selling,  making  or  importing  products,  services  or  technology  by  practicing  our  intellectual property  rights.  Competitors  may  practice  our  intellectual  property  rights  in  jurisdictions  where  we  have  not obtained patent protection to develop, manufacture, sell or import their own products, services or technology and may also  export  products,  services  or  technology  that  infringe  upon  our  intellectual  property  rights  to  territories where we have patent protection that do not provide strong intellectual property or enforcement rights as strong as that  in  the  United  States.  These  products,  services  or  technology  may  compete  with  our  products,  services  or technology. Our patents or other intellectual property rights existing outside the United States may not be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from competing with us. Similarly, intellectual property rights may be exhausted in certain situations, and others could import our products sold abroad and compete with us domestically.

Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many other countries and regions do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents and other intellectual property rights in such jurisdictions. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights and other intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded to us, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage.

## If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business could be harmed.

In  addition  to  pursuing  patents  covering  our  products,  services  and  technology,  we  take  steps  to  protect  our intellectual  property  and  proprietary  technology  by  entering  into  agreements,  including  confidentiality  and  nondisclosure  agreements  with  those  that  have  access  to  our  confidential  and  proprietary  information  including employees,  independent  contractors,  academic  institutions,  corporate  partners  and  our  advisers,  and  invention assignment agreements with our employees and independent contractors, and when needed, our advisers. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. For example, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized use or disclosure. If we are required to assert our rights against such party, it could result in significant cost and distraction.

Monitoring  unauthorized  use  or  disclosure  is  difficult,  and  we  do  not  know  whether  the  steps  we  have  taken  to prevent such use or disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third party had illegally obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets.

We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary information by maintaining physical security  of  our  premises  and  physical  and  electronic  security  of  our  information  technology  systems,  but  it  is possible that these security measures could be breached. If any of our confidential proprietary information were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, absent patent protection, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position.

## We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed trade secrets of their former employers.

We have employed or engaged and expect to employ or engage individuals who were previously employed at or associated with universities or other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others  in  their  work  for  us,  we  may  be  subject  to  claims  that  our  employees  or  independent  contractors  have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers or other third parties, or to claims that we have improperly used or obtained such trade secrets. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we lose, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may be deprived of valuable  intellectual  property  and  face  increased  competition.  A  loss  of  key  research  personnel  or  work  product could hamper or prevent our ability to develop, manufacture and/or commercialize products, services or technology, which could materially adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation  could  result  in  damage  to  our  reputation  and  substantial  costs  and  be  a  distraction  to  management  and affected individuals.

## We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and we could infringe others' trademarks.

We have not yet registered trademarks in all of our potential markets, although we have registered Guardant Health, Guardant360 and GuardantOMNI in the United States. If we apply to register additional trademarks in the United States and other countries, our applications may not be allowed for registration in a timely fashion or at all, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. In addition, opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademark applications and registrations, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we do not timely register and enforce marks used in connection with our products, services or technology, we may encounter difficulty in enforcing them against third parties, and if these marks are registered by others, we could infringe such trademarks and may have to defend ourselves to continue the use of our trademarks, which may be time consuming and costly, and we may be unsuccessful.

## We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our owned or licensed intellectual property.

We or our licensors may be subject to claims that former employees, independent contractors, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in or right to our owned or licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. For example, we or our licensors may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, independent  contractors  or  others  who  are  involved  in  developing  such  intellectual  property.  Litigation  may  be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or ownership of our owned or licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending against any such claims, we may lose exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Even if we are successful in defending  against  such  claims,  litigation  could  result  in  damage  to  our  reputation  and  substantial  costs  and  be  a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## We are and may continue to be involved in litigation and other legal proceedings related to intellectual property, which could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition.

We have been,  are  currently  in,  and  may  also  in  the  future  be,  involved  with  litigation  or  USPTO  actions  with various  third  parties.  We  expect  that  the  number  of  such  claims  may  increase  as  the  number  of  our  products  or services grows, and the level of competition in our industry segments increases. Any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could harm our business by, among other things, resulting in time-consuming and costly litigation, diverting  management's  time  and  attention  from  the  development  of  our  business,  or  requiring  the  payment  of monetary damages (including treble damages, attorneys' fees, costs and expenses if we are found to have willfully infringed) and ongoing royalties.

Litigation may be necessary for us to enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights or to determine the scope, coverage and validity of the intellectual property and proprietary rights of others. We are currently engaged in lawsuits and in proceedings before the USPTO in relation to certain such patents. The outcome of such lawsuits, as well as any other litigation or proceeding, is inherently uncertain and might not be favorable to us. Further, we could encounter delays in introductions or interruptions in the development, manufacture or sale of products, services or technologies,  as  we  develop  alternative  products,  services  or  technologies.  In  addition,  if  we  resort  to  legal proceedings  to  enforce  our  intellectual  property  rights  or  to  determine  the  validity,  scope  and  coverage  of  the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others, the proceedings could be burdensome and expensive, even if we were to prevail. If we do not prevail in such legal proceedings, we may be required to pay damages, and we may lose significant intellectual property protection for our products, services or technologies, such that competitors could copy our products, services or technologies. Any litigation that may be necessary in the future could result in substantial  costs  and  diversion  of  resources  and  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  operating results or financial condition.

As we move into new markets and applications for our products, services or technologies, incumbent participants in such markets may assert their patents and other intellectual property or proprietary rights against us as a means of slowing our entry into such markets or as a means to extract substantial license and royalty payments from us. As our business matures and our public profile grows, we may also be subject to an increased number of allegations of patent  or  other  intellectual  property  infringement,  whether  by  our  competitors  or  other  third  parties,  both  in  the United States and throughout the world wherever we seek to manufacture, commercialize or import our products, services or technologies. Our competitors and others may have significantly larger and more mature patent portfolios than we have. In addition, while we can assert our own patents or other intellectual property rights during litigation, our own patents or other intellectual property rights may provide little or no deterrence or protection against third parties.  Therefore,  our  commercial  success  may  depend  in  part  on  our  non-infringement  of  the  patents  or  other intellectual property rights of third parties and on our success in defending ourselves in litigation.

However, our research,  development,  manufacture  and  commercialization  activities  are  currently  and  may  in  the future be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate patents or other intellectual property rights owned or controlled by third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation and other patent challenges, both within and outside  the  United  States,  involving  patent  and  other  intellectual  property  rights  in  the  biotechnology  industry, including  patent  infringement  lawsuits,  interferences,  oppositions  and inter  partes review  proceedings  before  the USPTO, and corresponding proceedings before foreign patent offices. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending  patent  applications,  which  are  owned  by  third  parties,  exist  in  the  fields  in  which  we  are  developing, manufacturing  and/or  commercializing  products,  services  or  technologies.  As  the  precision  oncology  industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our products, services or technologies may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent rights of third parties. Numerous significant intellectual property issues have been litigated, are being litigated and will likely continue to be litigated, between existing and new participants in our existing and targeted markets, and our competitors have asserted and may in the future assert that our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights as part of a business strategy to impede our successful entry into or  growth  in  those  markets,  and  we  may  enforce  our  owned  or  licensed  intellectual  property  rights  against  our competitors and other parties.

Third parties have asserted and may in the future assert that we are employing their proprietary technology or trade secrets without authorization. For instance, Foundation Medicine, Inc. filed a lawsuit for patent infringement against us in May 2016, which we settled in July 2018. We are also aware of issued U.S. patents and patent applications with  claims  related  to  our  products  and  services,  and  there  may  be  other  related  third-party  patents  or  patent applications of which we are not aware. By interacting with us, our licensors may learn more about our business or technology and could assert additional patent rights against us, such as patent rights that are not currently licensed to us or patent rights that may be obtained by any such licensors in the future, which may occur if such patent rights are not available for licensing or if they are not offered on acceptable or commercially reasonable terms. Because patent applications can take many years to issue and are not publicly available until a certain period of time passes from filing, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our current or future products, services or technologies may infringe. In addition, similar to what other companies in our industry have experienced, we expect our competitors and others may develop or obtain patents with our products, services or  technologies  in  mind  and  claim  that  making,  having  made,  using,  selling,  offering  to  sell  or  importing  our products, services or technologies infringes these patents.

We could incur substantial costs and divert the attention of our management and technical personnel in defending against any of these claims. Parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation more effectively than we can, for example, because they have substantially greater resources.

Parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to develop, manufacture, commercialize, sell and import certain products, services or technologies, and could result in the award of substantial damages against us, including treble damages, attorney's fees, costs and expenses if we are found to have willfully infringed. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may be required to  pay  damages and ongoing royalties, and obtain one or more licenses from third parties, or be prohibited from developing, manufacturing, commercializing, selling and importing certain products, services or technologies. We may not be able to obtain these licenses on acceptable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or these licenses may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. In addition, we could encounter delays in product, service or technologies introductions while we attempt to develop alternative products, services or technologies to avoid infringing third-party patents or proprietary rights. Defense of any  lawsuit  or  failure  to  obtain  any  of  these  licenses  could  prevent  us  from  developing,  manufacturing  or commercializing products, services or technologies and the prohibition of developing, manufacturing or commercializing of any of our products, services or technologies could materially affect our business and our ability to gain market acceptance for our products, services or technologies.

Furthermore,  because  of  the  substantial  amount  of  discovery  required  in  connection  with  intellectual  property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock.

In  addition,  our  agreements  with  some  of  our  customers,  suppliers,  vendors  or  other  entities  with  whom  we  do business require us to defend or indemnify these parties to the extent they become involved in infringement claims, including the types of claims described above. We could also voluntarily agree to defend or indemnify third parties in instances where we are not obligated to do so if we determine it would be important to our business relationships. If  we  are  required  or  agree  to  defend  or  indemnify  third  parties  in  connection  with  any  infringement  claims,  we could incur significant  costs  and  expenses  that  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  operating  results  or  financial condition.

## Obtaining  and  maintaining  our  patent  protection  depends  on  compliance  with  various  required  procedures, document submissions, fee payments and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic  maintenance  fees,  renewal  fees,  annuity  fees  and  various  other  governmental  fees  on  patents  and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States at several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar requirements during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee  or  by  other  means  in  accordance  with  the  applicable  rules.  However,  there  are  situations  in  which  noncompliance can result in abandonment or forfeiture of the patent or patent application and thus loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Such an event would allow our competitors to enter the unprotected market and have a material adverse effect on our business.

## Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position for an adequate amount of time.

Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our products or services are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of our new products, services or technologies, patents protecting them might expire before or shortly after they are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with a sufficient exclusivity period to exclude others from commercializing products or services similar or identical to ours.

## Risks related to our common stock and indebtedness

## The price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially and may do so in the future, and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price at which you purchased them.

The market price of our common stock has been volatile and may fluctuate substantially in the future due to many factors, including:

- volume and customer mix for our precision oncology testing;
- the introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or others in our industry;
- disputes or other developments with respect to our or others' intellectual property rights;
- our ability to develop, obtain regulatory clearance or approval for, and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis;
- product liability claims or other litigation;
- quarterly or annual variations in our results of operations or those of others in our industry;
- media exposure of our products or of those of others in our industry;
- changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals or applications;
- changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; and
- the effects of high inflation or other general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares, could result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock.

In recent years, the stock markets generally have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been  unrelated  or  disproportionate  to  the  operating  performance  of  those  companies.  Broad  market  and  industry factors  may  significantly  affect  the  market  price  of  our  common  stock,  regardless  of  our  actual  operating performance.  In  addition,  in  the  past,  class  action  litigation  has  often  been  instituted  against  companies  whose securities have experienced periods of volatility in market price. Securities litigation brought against us following volatility in our stock price, regardless of the merit or ultimate results of such litigation, could result in substantial costs,  which  would  hurt  our  financial  condition  and  operating  results  and  divert  management's  attention  and resources from our business.

## Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be our stockholders' sole source of gain.

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, future debt or other agreements we may enter into may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.

## Our indebtedness could expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In 2020, we sold $1,150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 0% convertible senior notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future needs. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders, business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things:

- increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;
- limiting our ability to obtain additional financing;
- in  the  event  interest  accrues  on  the  2027  Notes  or  additional  indebtedness,  requiring  the  dedication  of  a substantial  portion  of  our  cash  flow  from  operations  to  service  our  indebtedness,  which  will  reduce  the amount of cash available for other purposes;

- limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business;
- diluting the interests of our existing stockholders if we issue shares of our common stock upon conversion of the Notes or additional indebtedness; and
- placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital.

Our  business  may  not  generate  sufficient  funds,  and  we  may  otherwise  be  unable  to  maintain  sufficient  cash reserves, to pay amounts due under the 2027 Notes or any additional indebtedness that we may incur. In addition, the 2027 Notes contain, and any future indebtedness that we may incur may contain, financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our indebtedness when due, then we would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full.

## The conditional conversion features of the 2027 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition. Conversion  of  the  2027  Notes,  to  the  extent  the  2027  Notes  are  not  redeemed  or  repurchased,  will  dilute  the ownership  interest  of  existing  stockholders,  and  even  if  anticipated,  may  otherwise  depress  the  price  of  our common stock.

In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2027 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2027 Notes will be entitled to convert their 2027 Notes into shares of our common stock upon the occurrence of certain events. If one or more holders of the 2027 Notes elect to convert their 2027 Notes, unless we satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering  only  shares  of  our  common  stock,  we  would  be  required  to  settle  all  or  a  portion  of  our  conversion obligation  through  the  payment  of  cash,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  financial  condition.  In  the  event  the conditional conversion feature of the 2027 Notes is triggered, the conversion of some or all of the 2027 Notes will dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of our common stock upon such conversion. The 2027 Notes may become in the future convertible at the option of the holders of the 2027 Notes prior to August 15, 2027 under certain circumstances as provided in the indenture governing the 2027 Notes. Any sales in the public market of shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2027 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2027 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, and even anticipated conversion of the 2027 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.

## The convertible note hedge may affect the value of the 2027 Notes and our common stock.

In  connection  with  the  sale  of  the  2027  Notes,  we  entered  into  convertible  note  hedge,  the  2027  Note  Hedge, transactions  with  certain  financial  institutions,  or  option  counterparties.  The  2027  Note  Hedge  transactions  are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution upon any conversion of the 2027 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2027 Notes.

The  option  counterparties  and/or  their  respective  affiliates  may  modify  their  hedge  positions  by  entering  into  or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2027 Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of the Notes, or following any repurchase of the 2027 Notes by us on any fundamental change repurchase date (as provided in the indenture governing the 2027 Notes) or otherwise). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock or the 2027 Notes, which could  affect  note  holders'  ability  to  convert  the  2027  Notes  and,  to  the  extent  the  activity  occurs  during  any observation  period  related  to  a  conversion  of  the  2027  Notes,  it  could  affect  the  amount  and  value  of  the consideration that note holders will receive upon conversion of the 2027 Notes.

The potential effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common stock or the 2027 Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of our common stock and the value of the 2027 Notes (and as a result, the value of the consideration,  the  amount  of  cash  and/or  the  number  of  shares,  if  any,  that  note  holders  would  receive  upon  the conversion of the 2027 Notes) and, under certain circumstances, the ability of the note holders to convert the 2027 Notes.

We do not make any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the 2027 Notes or our common stock. In addition, we do not make any representation that the option counterparties will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice.

## We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the 2027 Note Hedge transactions.

The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them may default under the 2027 Note Hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral.  If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings, with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default  by  an  option  counterparty,  we  may  suffer  adverse  tax  consequences  and  more  dilution  than  we  currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.

## Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make a change in control of us more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.

Provisions  in  our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  and  our  amended  and  restated  bylaws  may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable,  including  transactions  in  which  our  stockholders  might  otherwise  receive  a  premium  for  their  shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may make it more  difficult  for  our  stockholders  to  replace  current  members  of  our  board  of  directors  or  add  new  members thereto. Because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempts by our stockholders to change our management team. Among others, these provisions include that:

- our board of directors has the exclusive right to expand its size and to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;
- our  board  of  directors  is  divided  into  three  classes,  Class  I,  Class  II  and  Class  III,  with  each  class  serving staggered three-year terms, which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our board of directors;
- our stockholders may not act by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders;
- a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, its chairman, or our co-chief executive officers, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors;
- our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect their director candidates;
- our board of directors may alter our bylaws without obtaining stockholder approval;
- approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote at an election of directors is required to  adopt,  amend  or  repeal  our  bylaws  or  repeal  the  provisions  of  our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of incorporation regarding the election and removal of directors;
- stockholders  must  provide  advance  notice  and  additional  disclosures  in  order  to  nominate  candidates  for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and
- our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of those shares, including  preferences  and  voting  rights,  without  stockholder  approval,  which  could  be  used  to  significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquiror.

Moreover,  because  we  are  incorporated  in  Delaware,  we  are  governed  by  the  provisions  of  Section  203  of  the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed  manner.  Furthermore,  our  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  specifies  that,  unless  we consent  in  writing  to  the  selection  of  an  alternative  forum,  to  the  fullest  extent  permitted  by  law,  the  Court  of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for most legal actions involving actions brought against us by stockholders; provided that, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce  any  liability  or  duty  created  by  the  Exchange  Act  or  any  other  claim  for  which  the  federal  courts  have exclusive  jurisdiction;  and  provided  further  that,  if  and  only  if  the  Court  of  Chancery  of  the  State  of  Delaware dismisses  any  such  action  for  lack  of  subject  matter  jurisdiction,  such  action  may  be  brought  in  another  state  or federal court sitting in the State of Delaware. We believe these provisions may benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by Delaware courts, particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes,  efficient  administration  of  cases  on  a  more  expedited  schedule  relative  to  other  forums  and  protection against  the  burdens  of  multi-forum  litigation.  However,  these  provisions  may  have  the  effect  of  discouraging lawsuits brought against us and our directors and officers by our stockholders. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies' certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action.

Our amended and restated certificate  of  incorporation  also  provides  that  the  federal  district  courts  of  the  United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act. However, a Delaware court held that such an exclusive forum provision relating to federal courts was unenforceable under Delaware law, and unless and until the Delaware court decision is reversed on appeal or otherwise abrogated, we do not intend to enforce such a provision in the event of a complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents.

## General Risk Factors

We may acquire businesses, form joint ventures or make investments in companies or technologies that could negatively affect our operating results, distract management's attention from other business concerns, dilute our stockholders' ownership, and significantly increase our debt, costs, expenses, liabilities and risks.

We have made acquisitions of businesses, technologies and assets  and  may  pursue  additional  acquisitions  in  the future. We also may pursue strategic alliances and additional joint ventures that leverage our industry experience to expand our product offerings or distribution. We have limited experience with acquisitions and forming strategic partnerships. We compete for those opportunities with others including our competitors, some of which have greater financial  or  operational  resources  than  we  do.  We  may  not  be  able  to  identify  suitable  acquisition  candidates  or strategic partners, we may have inadequate access to information or insufficient time to complete due diligence, and we may not be able to complete such transactions on favorable terms, if at all. If we make any acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions successfully into our existing business, and we could assume unknown or contingent liabilities. Difficulties in assimilating acquired businesses include redeployment or loss of key employees and their severance, combination of teams and processes in various functional areas, reorganization or closures of facilities, relocation or disposition of excess equipment, and increased litigation, regulatory and compliance risks, any of which could be expensive and time consuming and adversely affect us. Integration of an acquired business also  may  disrupt  our  ongoing  operations  and  require  management  resources  that  we  would  otherwise  focus  on developing  our  existing  business.  In  addition,  any  acquisition  could  result  in  the  incurrence  of  debt,  contingent liabilities or future write-offs of intangible assets or goodwill, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may also experience losses related to investments in other companies, which could have a material negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, technology license, strategic alliance or joint venture.

To finance any acquisitions, joint ventures or investments, we may choose to issue shares of our common stock as consideration,  which  would  dilute  the  ownership  of  our  stockholders.  Additional  funds  may  not  be  available  on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. If the price of our common stock is low or volatile, we may not be able to acquire other companies or fund a joint venture project using our stock as consideration.

## We may need to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, develop our platform, commercialize new products or expand our operations.

We may consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to meet existing obligations, to pursue  acquisitions  or  strategic  investments,  to  take  advantage  of  financing  opportunities  or  for  other  reasons, including to:

- increase  our  sales  and  marketing  efforts  to  drive  market  adoption  of  our  current  products  and  tests,  and address competitive developments;
- fund development and marketing efforts of our products under development or any other future products we may develop;
- expand our technologies into other types of cancer management and detection products;
- acquire, license or invest in technologies;
- acquire or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and
- finance capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses.

Our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including:

- our ability to achieve revenue growth;
- our  rate  of  progress  in  establishing  payer  coverage  and  reimbursement  arrangements  with  domestic  and international commercial payers and government payers;
- the cost of expanding our laboratory operations and product offerings, including our sales and marketing efforts;
- our rate of progress in, and costs of our sales and marketing activities associated with, establishing adoption of and reimbursement for our current products, including our tests;
- our rate of progress in, and costs of our research and development activities associated with, products in research and early development;
- the effect of competing technological and market developments;
- costs related to our international expansion; and
- the  potential  costs  of  and  delays  in  product  development  as  a  result  of  any  existing  or  new  regulatory oversight applicable to our products.

We  may  seek  to  sell  equity  or  convertible  securities,  enter  into  a  credit  facility  or  another  form  of  third-party funding, or seek other debt financing. The various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity or convertible securities, dilution to our stockholders could result. Any preferred equity securities issued also could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, those debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our platform technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. These alternatives of raising additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all, or in amounts sufficient to meet our needs. The failure to obtain any required future financing may require us to reduce or curtail existing operations and could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities.

As  a  result  of  adverse  geopolitical  and  macroeconomic  developments,  including  economic  inflation  and  the responses  by  central  banking  authorities  to  control  such  inflation,  the  global  credit  and  financial  markets  have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions and there has been increasing uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets remain depressed or further deteriorate as a result of this global uncertainty, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline.

## Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.

We have incurred net losses since our inception and we may never achieve or sustain profitability.  Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, federal net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards we generated in tax years through December 31, 2017 may be carried forward for 20 years and may fully offset taxable income in the year utilized, and federal NOLs we generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely but may only be used to offset 80% of our taxable income annually. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an 'ownership change,' generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage  point  change  (by  value)  in  its  equity  ownership  by  certain  stockholders  over  a  three-year  period,  the corporation's ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax  credits)  to  offset  its  post-change  income  or  taxes  may  be  limited.  We  have  not  completed  a  study  to  assess whether an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 or 383 has occurred, or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since our inception. For purposes of Section 382 or 383, we may have experienced ownership changes in the past and may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of shifts in our stock ownership (some of which shifts are outside our control). As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our prechange NOL carryforwards to offset such taxable income will be subject to limitations. Similar provisions of state tax law may also apply to limit our use of accumulated state tax attributes. Therefore, if we attain profitability, we may be unable to use a material portion of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could adversely affect our future cash flows.

## Changes in tax laws or regulations could harm our financial condition and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or regulations, or changes in interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could materially affect  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  For  example,  the  Biden  administration  and  members  of Congress  have  proposed,  and  future  U.S.  presidential  administrations  may  propose,  various  U.S.  federal  tax  law changes, which if enacted could have a material impact on our business operations and financial performance. In addition,  many  countries  in  Europe,  as  well  as  a  number  of  other  countries  and  organizations,  have  recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new laws, including as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting, or BEPS, project that is being led by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, and other initiatives led by the OECD or the European Commission. Due to the expanding scale of our international business activities, these types of changes to the taxation of our activities could increase the amount of taxes imposed on our business. Any of these outcomes could harm our financial position and results of operations.

## We expect to incur significant additional costs as a result of being a public company, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We expect to incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements that are applicable to us as a public company, including rules and regulations of the SEC, under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform  and  Consumer  Protection  Act  of  2010,  and  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  or  the Exchange Act, as well as the rules of Nasdaq. These rules and regulations, including those applicable to a large accelerated filer such as us, significantly increase our accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming. These rules and regulations also make it more expensive for us to maintain directors' and officers' liability insurance. Accordingly, increases in costs incurred as a result of being a publicly traded company may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our operating results could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States  of  America,  or  GAAP,  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the  amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  Actual  results  could  therefore  differ  materially  from  these  estimates  under different  assumptions  or  conditions.  In  connection  with  adopting  and  implementing  a  new  revenue  recognition standard, FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , management has made and will continue to make judgments and assumptions based on our interpretation of the new standard. The new revenue recognition standard is principle-based and interpretation of those principles may vary from company to company based on their unique  circumstances.  We  also  adopted  a  new  lease  accounting  standard,  FASB  ASC  Topic  842, Leases ,  which involved  significant  judgment  and  assumptions,  including  the  estimation  of  incremental  borrowing  rate  used  to discount our lease liabilities and the assessment of risks associated with the specific economic environment of our leased  assets.  It  is  possible  that  interpretation,  industry  practice  and  guidance  may  evolve  as  we  work  toward implementing these new accounting standards. If our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.

## The  loss  of  any  member  of  our  senior  management  team  or  our  inability  to  attract  and  retain  highly  skilled scientists,  clinicians,  sales  representatives  and  business  development  managers  could  adversely  affect  our business.

Our success depends on the skills, experience and performance of key members of our senior management team, including  Helmy Eltoukhy and AmirAli Talasaz, our Co-Chief Executive Officers. The individual and collective efforts of these employees will be important as we continue to develop our platform and additional products, and as we expand our commercial activities. The loss or incapacity of existing members of our executive management team could  adversely  affect  our  operations  if  we  experience  difficulties  in  hiring  qualified  successors.  Our  executive officers signed offer letters when first joining our company, but do not have employment agreements, and we cannot guarantee  their  retention  for  any  period  of  time.  We  do  not  maintain  'key  person'  insurance  on  any  of  our employees.

Our research and development programs and laboratory operations depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled scientists and technicians. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified scientists and technicians in the future  due  to  the  competition  for  qualified  personnel  among  life  science  businesses,  particularly  near  our headquarters in Palo Alto, California. We also face competition from universities and public and private research institutions  in  recruiting  and  retaining  highly  qualified  scientific  personnel.  In  addition,  we  may  have  difficulties locating, recruiting or retaining qualified sales representatives and business development managers. Recruiting and retention difficulties can limit our ability to support our research and development and sales programs. All of our employees are at-will, which means that either we or the employee may terminate their employment at any time.

## If we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.

As a result of becoming a public company, we are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish annual  reports  by  management  on,  among  other  things,  the  effectiveness  of  our  internal  control  over  financial reporting. This assessment needs to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual and interim financial statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis.

If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. The effectiveness of our controls and procedures may be limited by a variety of factors, including:

- faulty human judgment and simple errors, omissions or mistakes;
- fraudulent action of an individual or collusion of two or more people;

- inappropriate management override of procedures; and
- the possibility that any enhancements to controls and procedures may still not be adequate to assure timely and accurate financial control.

Pursuant  to  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  and  the  rules  and  regulations  promulgated  by  the  SEC,  we  are  required  to furnish in this Annual Report on Form 10-K a report by our management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report includes, among other things, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. While we believe our internal control over financial reporting is currently effective, the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject to the risk that our controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions. Establishing, testing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting requires significant resources and time  commitments  on  the  part  of  our  management  and  our  finance  staff,  may  require  additional  staffing  and infrastructure investments and would increase our costs of doing business.

In addition, under the federal securities laws, our auditors are required to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls. If we are unable to confirm that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

## Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud.

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated, communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.

These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons,  by  collusion  of  two  or  more  people  or  by  an  unauthorized  override  of  the  controls.  Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

## Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading.

We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of  the  FDA,  CMS  and  non-U.S.  regulators,  comply  with  healthcare  fraud  and  abuse  laws  and  regulations  in  the United States and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing, and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and  regulations  may  restrict  or  prohibit  a  wide  range  of  pricing,  discounting,  marketing  and  promotion,  sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We currently have a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and our code of conduct and the other precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses, or in protecting us from governmental investigations, lawsuits or other actions stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves  or  asserting  our  rights,  those  actions  could  result  in  the  imposition  of  significant  civil,  criminal  and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, monetary fines, individual imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs or from coverage of commercial payers, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting or oversight obligations if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or  other  agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with the law and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which could have a significantly adverse impact on our business. Whether or not we are successful in defending against such actions, we could incur substantial costs and expenses, including legal fees, and divert the attention of management from the operation of our business.

## If we were to be sued for product liability or professional liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources.

The marketing, sale and use of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims were someone to allege  that  our  products  identified  inaccurate  or  incomplete  information  regarding  the  genomic  alterations  of  the tumor or malignancy analyzed, reported inaccurate or incomplete information concerning the available therapies for a certain type of cancer, or otherwise failed to perform as designed. We may also be subject to professional liability for  errors  in,  a  misunderstanding  of,  or  inappropriate  reliance  upon,  the  information  we  provide  in  the  ordinary course  of  our  business  activities.  A  product  liability  or  professional  liability  claim  could  result  in  substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend.

We  maintain  product  and  professional  liability  insurance,  but  this  insurance  may  not  fully  protect  us  from  the financial  impact  of  defending  against  product  liability  or  professional  liability  claims.  Any  product  liability  or professional liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability or professional liability lawsuit could  damage  our  reputation  or  cause  current  clinical  customers  to  terminate  existing  agreements  with  us  and potential clinical customers to seek other partners, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations.

Cyberattacks,  security  breaches,  loss  of  data  and  other  disruptions  in  relation  to  our  information  technology systems, as well as those of our third-party service providers, could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing it and expose us to substantial liability, which could adversely affect our business and reputation.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business,  we  collect  and  store  sensitive  data,  including  PHI  and  other  personal information, credit card and other financial information, intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by us or other parties such as customers and payers. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing a combination of on-site systems and cloud-based data centers. We utilize external security and infrastructure vendors to manage parts of our data centers. We also communicate sensitive data, including patient data,  through  phone,  Internet,  facsimile,  multiple  third-party  vendors  and  their  subcontractors.  We  depend  on information  technology  systems  for  significant  elements  of  our  operations,  including  our  laboratory  information management system, our computational biology system, our knowledge management system, our customer reporting and our GuardantConnect software platform. Our information technology systems support a variety of functions, including laboratory operations, test validation, sample tracking, quality control, customer service support, billing and reimbursement, research and development activities, scientific and medical curation and general administrative activities. Our information technology systems store a wide variety of information critical to our business, including research and development information, patient data, commercial information and business and financial information. We face a number of risks related to protecting this critical information, including loss of access, inappropriate use or disclosure, unauthorized access, inappropriate modification and our being unable to adequately monitor, audit or modify our controls over such critical information. This risk extends to the third-party vendors and subcontractors we use to manage this sensitive data or otherwise process it on our behalf.

Cyberattacks, security breaches, computer viruses, malware and other incidents could cause misappropriation, loss or  other  unauthorized  disclosure  of  confidential  data,  materials  or  information,  including  those  concerning  our customers and employees. Increasingly complex methods have been used in cyberattacks, including ransomware, phishing, structured query language injections, social engineering schemes, and distributed denial-of-service attacks. A cyberattack  can  also  be  in  the  form  of  unauthorized  access  or  a  blocking  of  authorized  access.  The  risk  of  a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyberattacks or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign  governments  and  cyber  terrorists,  has  generally  increased  as  the  number,  intensity  and  sophistication  of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Our information technology systems and those  of  our  third-party  providers,  strategic  partners  and  other  contractors,  subcontractors  or  consultants  are  also vulnerable  to  attack  and  damage  or  interruption  from  telecommunications  or  network  failures,  natural  disasters. employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported  actors  or  unauthorized  access  or  use  by  persons  inside  our  organization,  or  persons  with access to systems inside our organization. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and continued hybrid working environment, we and our third party service providers and partners may face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance  on  internet  technology  and  the  number  of  our  employees  who  are  working  remotely,  which  may  create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. Furthermore, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. We may experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. Even if identified, we may be unable to  adequately  investigate  or  remediate  incidents  or  breaches  due  to  attackers  increasingly  using  tools  and techniques  that  are  designed  to  circumvent  controls,  to  avoid  detection,  and  to  remove  or  obfuscate  forensic evidence.  We can provide no assurance that we or our vendors will be able to detect, prevent or contain the effects of such attacks or other information security risks or threats in the future.

The  costs  of  attempting  to  protect  against  the  foregoing  risks  and  the  costs  of  responding  to  a  cyberattack  are significant. Large scale data breaches at other entities increase the challenge we and our vendors face in maintaining the  security  of  our  information  technology  systems  and  of  our  customers'  sensitive  information.  Following  a cyberattack, our and/or our vendors' remediation efforts may not be successful, and a cyberattack could result in interruptions, delays or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers. In addition, breaches of our and/or  our  vendors'  security  measures  and  the  unauthorized  dissemination  of  sensitive  personal  information  or proprietary information or confidential information about us, our customers or other third-parties, could expose our customers' private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, and result in investigations, regulatory enforcement actions,  material  fines  and  penalties,  loss  of  customers,  litigation  or  other  actions  which  could  have  a  material adverse effect on our business, prospects, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we fail  to  adhere to our privacy policy and other published statements or applicable laws concerning our processing, use, transmission and disclosure of protected information, or if our statements or practices are found to be deceptive or misrepresentative, we could face regulatory actions, fines and other liability.

The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information are vital to our operations and  business  strategy,  and  we  devote  significant  resources  to  protecting  such  information.  Although  we  take reasonable measures to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access, use, modification or disclosure, no security measures can be perfect. We and certain of our service providers are from time to time subject to cyberattacks and security incidents. For example, in the past year, we identified security incidents involving an unauthorized actor obtaining access to our email system and sending phishing messages.  Despite the precautionary measures we have taken in response to such incidents and to prevent other unanticipated problems that could affect our information technology  and  telecommunications  systems,  failures  or  significant  downtime  of  our  information  technology  or telecommunications systems or those used by our third-party service providers could prevent us from performing our comprehensive genomic analysis, preparing and providing reports to pathologists and oncologists, billing payers, processing  reimbursement  appeals,  handling  patient  or  physician  inquiries,  conducting  research  and  development activities  and  managing  the  administrative  aspects  of  our  business.    While  we  do  not  believe  that  we  have experienced any significant system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur, the information  stored  on  our  information  technology  systems  could  be  accessed  by  unauthorized  parties,  publicly disclosed,  lost  or  stolen.  Any  such  access,  breach,  or  other  loss  of  information  could  result  in  legal  claims  or proceedings, and liability under federal, state or foreign laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as HIPAA, and regulatory penalties. Notice of breaches is required to be made to affected individuals, the Secretary of the HHS or other state, federal or foreign regulators, and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or State Attorneys General. Such a notice could harm our reputation and our ability to compete. Although we have implemented security measures and an enterprise security program to prevent unauthorized access to patient data, such data is currently accessible through multiple channels, and there is no guarantee we can protect all data from breach. We continue to prioritize security and the development of practices and controls to protect our systems. As cyber threats evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, and these efforts may not be successful.

We have  contingency  plans  and  insurance  coverage  for  certain  potential  claims,  liabilities,  and  costs  relating  to security incidents that may arise from our business or operations; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all claims, liabilities, and costs arising from the incidents, including fines and penalties. It could be difficult to predict the ultimate resolution of any such incidents or to estimate the amounts or ranges of potential loss, if any, that  could  result  therefrom.  If  we  cannot  successfully  resolve  a  security  incident  or  contain  any  potential  loss,  it could materially impact our ability to operate our business as well as our results of operations and financial position. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

Our headquarters are located in Palo Alto, California, where we lease approximately 249,500 square feet of office space. The lease for the Palo Alto office was entered into in July 2020 and has a term of 12 years with an option to renew  the  lease  term  for  an  additional  10  years.  We  also  have  approximately  200,000  combined  square  feet  of additional  office  space  in  Redwood  City,  California,  and  San  Diego,  California,  and  these  leases  currently  have expiration  dates  ranging  from  2025  to  2029.  Our  CAP-accredited  and  CLIA-certified  laboratories  are  located  in these two facilities, where testing for both clinical and biopharmaceutical customers is performed. We also maintain domestic leased office spaces in Spring, Texas, and Seattle, Washington, and international leased office spaces in Japan and Singapore. While we believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements, we expect  to  expand  our  facilities  as  our  operations  grow  over  time.  We  believe  we  will  be  able  to  obtain  such additional space on acceptable and commercially reasonable terms.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

The  information  under  the  caption  ' Commitments  and  Contingencies  -  Legal  Proceedings '  in  Note  10  to  the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, concerning certain legal proceedings  in  which  we  are  involved,  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference.  The  resolution  of  any  such  legal proceeding is subject to inherent uncertainty and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market information for common stock

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol 'GH.'

## Holders of record

As of February 17, 2023, there were 37 holders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders.

## Dividend policy

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of  our  board  of  directors  and  will  depend  on  our  results  of  operations,  capital  requirements,  financial  condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, including any limitations on payment of dividends, and other factors that the board may deem relevant.

## Unregistered sales of equity securities

None.

## Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers

None.

## Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

The information required by this item with respect to our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after  the  end  of  the  fiscal  year  to  which  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  relates,  or  the  2023  Proxy Statement.

## Item 6. [Reserved]

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations and intentions. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A, 'Risk Factors,' of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The following generally compares our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A detailed discussion comparing our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found  in  Part  II,  Item  7,  'Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of  Financial  Condition  and  Results  of Operations' of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Overview

We are a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through the use of our proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. We believe our tests can transform cancer care by unlocking insights that will help patients at all stages of the disease, including at its earliest stages, when it's most treatable. For patients with advanced-stage cancer, we have commercially launched Guardant360 LDT and Guardant360 CDx, the first comprehensive liquid biopsy test approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, to provide tumor mutation profiling with solid tumors and to be used as a companion diagnostic in connection with non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and breast cancer. We have also launched the Guardant360 TissueNext tissue test for advanced-stage cancer, Guardant Reveal blood test to detect residual and recurring disease in early-stage colorectal, breast and lung cancer patients, and Guardant360 Response blood test to predict patient response to immunotherapy or targeted therapy eight weeks earlier than current standard-of-care imaging.

We also collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in clinical studies by providing the above-mentioned tests, as well as the GuardantOMNI blood test for advanced-stage cancer, and the GuardantINFINITY blood test, launched in September 2022, which is a next-generation smart liquid biopsy that provides new, multi-dimensional insights into the  complexities  of  tumor  molecular  profiles  and  immune  response  to  advance  cancer  research  and  therapy development. Using data collected from our tests, we have also developed our GuardantINFORM platform to help biopharmaceutical  companies  accelerate  precision  oncology  drug  development  through  the  use  of  this  in-silico research platform to unlock further insights into tumor evolution and treatment resistance across various biomarkerdriven cancers.

In  May 2022, we launched the Shield LDT test to address the needs of individuals eligible for colorectal cancer screening. From a simple blood draw, Shield uses a novel multimodal approach to detect colorectal cancer signals in the  bloodstream,  including  DNA  that  is  shed  by  tumors.  In  addition,  in  December  2022,  we  announced  positive results from ECLIPSE, an over 20,000 patient registrational study evaluating the performance of our Shield blood test  for  detecting  colorectal  cancer  in  average-risk  adults.  We  also  expect  to  expand  into  lung  and  multi-cancer screening with our investigational, next-generation Shield assay.

We currently perform our tests in our laboratories located in Redwood City, California, and San Diego, California. Our Redwood City laboratory is certified pursuant to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, or CLIA, accredited by the College of American Pathologists, or CAP, permitted by the New York State Department of Health, or NYSDOH, and licensed in California and four other states. Our San Diego laboratory is CAP-accredited and  CLIA-certified.  In  addition,  our  Palo  Alto,  California  laboratory  is  currently  operated  as  a  center  for  our research and technology development. In February 2022, we received CAP accreditation for our laboratory in Japan where we expect to commence processing samples following receipt of additional certification for processing In Vitro Diagnostic, or IVD, samples and reimbursement approval.

We generated total revenue of $449.5 million, $373.7 million and $286.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also incurred net losses of $654.6 million, $384.8 million and $246.3 million in  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  We  have  funded  our  operations  to  date principally from the sale of our stock, convertible senior notes, and revenue from our precision oncology testing and development  services  and  other.  In  June  2020,  we  completed  an  underwritten  public  offering  of  a  total  of 4,312,500 shares of our common stock, through which we received net proceeds of $354.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. In November 2020, we issued our convertible  senior  notes  with  an  aggregate  principal  amount  of  $1.15  billion.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities of approximately $1.0 billion.

## Factors affecting our performance

We believe there  are  several  important  factors  that  have  impacted  and  that  we  expect  will  impact  our  operating performance and results of operations, including:

- Testing volume, pricing and customer mix . Our revenue and costs are affected by the volume of testing and mix of customers from period to period. We evaluate both the volume of tests that we perform for patients on behalf  of  clinicians  and  the  number  of  tests  we  perform  for  biopharmaceutical  companies.  Our  performance depends on our ability to retain and broaden adoption with existing customers, as well as attract new customers. We believe that the test volume we receive from clinicians and biopharmaceutical companies are indicators of growth in each of these customer verticals. Customer mix for our tests has the potential to significantly affect our results of operations, as the average selling price for biopharmaceutical sample testing is currently higher than our average reimbursement for clinical tests because we are not a contracted provider for, or our tests are not covered by clinical patients' insurance for, the majority of the tests that we perform for patients on behalf of clinicians. Revenue from clinical tests for patients covered by Medicare represented approximately 45%, 45% and 42% of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

- Payer coverage and reimbursement . Our revenue depends on achieving broad coverage and reimbursement for our  tests  from  third-party  payers,  including  both  commercial  and  government  payers.  Precision  oncology revenue  from  tests  for  clinical  customers  is  calculated  based  on  our  expected  cash  collections,  using  the estimated variable consideration. The variable consideration is estimated based on historical collection patterns as well as the potential for changes in future reimbursement behavior by one or more payers. Estimation of the impact of the potential for changes in reimbursement requires significant judgment and considers payers' past patterns of changes in reimbursement as well as any stated plans to implement changes. Any cash collections over the expected reimbursement period exceeding the estimated variable consideration are recorded in future periods based on actual cash received. Payment from commercial payers can vary depending on whether we have  entered  into  a  contract  with  the  payers  as  a  'participating  provider'  or  do  not  have  a  contract  and  are considered  a  'non-participating  provider'.  Payers  often  reimburse  non-participating  providers,  if  at  all,  at  a lower amount than participating providers. Because we are not contracted with these payers, they determine the amount that they are willing to reimburse us for any of our tests and they can prospectively and retrospectively adjust the amount of reimbursement, adding to the complexity in estimating the variable consideration. When we contract with a payer to serve as a participating provider, reimbursements by the payer are generally made pursuant to a negotiated fee schedule and are limited to only covered indications or where prior approval has been obtained. Becoming a participating provider can result in higher reimbursement amounts for covered uses of our tests and, potentially, no reimbursement for non-covered uses identified under the payer's policies or the contract. As a result, the potential for more favorable reimbursement associated with becoming a participating provider  may  be  offset  by  a  potential  loss  of  reimbursement  for  non-covered  uses  of  our  tests.  Current Procedural  Terminology,  or  CPT,  coding  plays  a  significant  role  in  how  our  tests  are  reimbursed  both  from commercial  and  governmental  payers.  In  addition,  Z-Code  Identifiers  are  used  by  certain  payers,  including under  Medicare's  Molecular  Diagnostic  Services  Program,  or  MolDx,  to  supplement  CPT  codes  for  our molecular diagnostics tests. Changes to the codes used to report to payers may result in significant changes in its reimbursement.  If  their  policies  were  to  change  in  the  future  to  cover  additional  cancer  indications,  we anticipate that our total reimbursement would increase. In January 2021, a proprietary laboratory analyses, or PLA code was issued for our Guardant360 CDx with an effective date in April 2021. Additionally, based on this new  PLA  code,  we  applied  to  the  CMS  for  our  Guardant360  CDx  test  to  become  an  advanced  diagnostic laboratory test, or ADLT. In March 2021, CMS approved ADLT status to the Guardant360 CDx test, based on which Medicare paid us at the lowest available commercial rate per test, from April 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, Medicare has started to reimburse Guardant360 CDx services at the median rate  of  claims  paid  by  commercial  payers  and  this  rate  will  apply  until  December  2023.  In  March  2022, Palmetto GBA, the Medicare administrative contractor for MolDX, has conveyed coverage for our Guardant360 TissueNext test under the existing local coverage determination. The policy covers our Guardant360 TissueNext test  for  Medicare  fee-for-service  patients  with  advanced  solid  tumor  cancers.  In  July  2022,  Palmetto  GBA conveyed coverage for our Guardant Reveal test for fee-for-service Medicare patients in the United States with stage II or III colorectal cancer whose testing is initiated within three months following curative intent therapy, with  an  effective  date  of  December  2021.  Due  to  the  inherent  variability  and  unpredictability  of  the reimbursement  landscape,  including  related  to  the  amount  that  payers  reimburse  us  for  any  of  our  tests,  we estimate the amount of revenue to be recognized at the time a test is provided and record revenue adjustments if and  when  the  cash  subsequently  received  differs  from  the  revenue  recorded.  Due  to  this  variability  and unpredictability, previously recorded revenue adjustments are not indicative of future revenue adjustments from actual  cash  collections,  which  may  fluctuate  significantly.  Additionally,  if  coding  changes  were  to  occur, payments  for  certain  uses  of  our  tests  could  be  reduced,  put  on  hold,  or  eliminated.  This  variability  and unpredictability  could  increase  the  risk  of  future  revenue  reversal  and  result  in  our  failing  to  meet  any previously publicly stated guidance we may provide.
- Biopharmaceutical  customers . Our  revenue  also  depends  on  our  ability  to  attract,  maintain  and  expand relationships with biopharmaceutical customers. As we continue to develop these relationships, we expect to support a growing number of clinical studies globally and continue to have opportunities to offer our platform to such customers for development services, including companion diagnostic development, novel target discovery and validation, as well as clinical study enrollment. For example, our tests are being developed as companion diagnostics under collaborations with biopharmaceutical companies.

- Research and development. A significant aspect of our business is our investment in research and development, including the development of new products. In particular, we have invested heavily in clinical studies as we believe  these  studies  are  critical  to  gaining  physician  adoption  and  driving  favorable  coverage  decisions  by payers. With  respect  to Guardant  Reveal,  in  October  2021,  we  initiated  a  1,000-patient prospective, observational,  multi-center  study,  which  we  refer  to  as  the  ORACLE  study,  designed  to  evaluate  the performance  of  our  Guardant  Reveal  liquid  biopsy  test  to  predict  cancer  recurrence  after  curative  intent treatment, across 11 solid tumor types. In addition, with respect to Guardant Reveal, in December 2022, we entered into a partnership with Susan G. Komen®, the world's leading breast cancer organization, to bring the patient  perspective to the development of clinical studies that help identify early-stage breast cancer patients who are at high risk of disease recurrence and may benefit from additional monitoring or therapy. With respect to  Shield,  in  December  2022,  we  announced  positive  results  from  ECLIPSE,  an  over  20,000  patient registrational  study  evaluating  the  performance  of  our  Shield  blood  test  for  detecting  colorectal  cancer  in average-risk  adults.  The  test  demonstrated  83%  sensitivity  in  detecting  individuals  with  colorectal  cancer. Specificity  was  90%  in  both  individuals  without  advanced  neoplasia  and  in  those  who  had  a  negative colonoscopy result. These results exceed the performance criteria set forth by the CMS for reimbursement. This test also demonstrated 13% sensitivity in detecting advanced adenomas. Based on these study results, we plan to complete our premarket approval submission to the FDA in the first quarter of 2023. In addition, to evaluate the performance  of  our  investigational,  next-generation  Shield  assay  in  detecting  lung  cancer  in  high-risk individuals  ages  50-80,  in  January  2022,  we  enrolled  the  first  patient  in  a  nearly  10,000-patient  prospective, registrational  study,  which  we  refer  to  as  the  SHIELD  LUNG  study.  The  study  is  anticipated  to  run  in approximately 100 centers in the United States and Europe. We are continuing to enroll more patients for these on-going studies, and have expended considerable resources, and expect to increase such expenditures over the next few years, to support our research and development programs with the goal of fueling further innovation.
- International expansion. A component of our long-term growth strategy is to expand our commercial footprint internationally,  and  we  expect  to  increase  our  sales  and  marketing  expense  to  execute  on  this  strategy.  We currently offer our tests in countries outside the United States primarily through distributor relationships, direct contracts with hospitals or partnerships with research organizations. In May 2018, we formed and capitalized a joint venture, Guardant Health AMEA, Inc., with SoftBank, which we refer to as the Joint Venture or Guardant AMEA, relating to the sale, marketing and distribution of our tests generally outside the Americas and Europe, and to accelerate commercialization of our products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa. In November 2021, we exercised our call right contained in the joint venture agreement with SoftBank to purchase all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for the payment of the aggregate purchase price to be determined based on an independent third-party valuation. Upon our exercise of the call right in November 2021, SoftBank no longer had the option to exercise its put right. In June 2022, we purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and  its  affiliates  in  consideration  for  a  cash  payment  of  the  aggregate  purchase  price  of  $177.8  million,  as determined by an independent valuation firm, which resulted in $99.8 million of fair value adjustments to the noncontrolling interest liability for the year ended December 31, 2022. Upon completion of the transaction, we obtained full control over operations throughout the Asia, Middle East and Africa region.

In  December 2020, we signed our first public private partnership agreement with Vall D'Hebron Institute of Oncology, or VHIO, one of Europe's leading cancer research institutions, and in May 2022, the first bloodbased  cancer  testing  services  in  Europe  based  on  our  industry-leading  digital  sequencing  platform  became available at the VHIO testing facility in Spain. In October 2021, we signed a partnership agreement with The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, a premier cancer center within the United Kingdom for patient care, research and teaching of all types of cancer. We expect these partnerships will lead to the establishment of our testing  services  at  the  partner  laboratories,  using  our  digital  sequencing  technology,  as  well  as  generation  of clinical and economic evidence to support commissioning in other areas of Europe.

In June 2022, we signed a strategic partnership agreement with Adicon Holdings Limited, a leading independent clinical  laboratory  company  based  in  China,  to  offer  our  industry-leading  comprehensive  genomic  profiling tests to biopharmaceutical companies conducting clinical studies in China. We expect the partnership to help biopharmaceutical companies bring the next generation of cancer therapies to patients in the region.

The success of our international expansion strategy depends on a number of factors, including the internal and external  constraints  placed  on  our  international  laboratory  partners  and  biopharmaceutical  companies  in  the context of broader global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. For example, deterioration in the  bilateral  relationship  between  the  United  States  and  China  may  impact  international  trade,  government spending,  regional  stability  and  macroeconomic  conditions.  The  impact  of  these  potential  developments, including  any  resulting  sanctions,  export  controls  or  other  restrictive  actions  that  may  be  imposed  against governmental  or  other  entities  in,  for  example,  China,  may  contribute  to  disruption  of  our  international partnerships  and  instability  and  volatility  in  the  global  markets,  which  in  turn  could  adversely  impact  our operations and weaken our financial results.

- Sales  and  marketing  expense . Our  financial  results  have  historically,  and  will  likely  continue  to,  fluctuate significantly based upon the impact of our sales and marketing expense, increase in headcount, and in particular, our various marketing programs around existing and new product introductions.
- General  and  administrative  expense . Our  financial  results  have  historically,  and  will  likely  continue  to, fluctuate significantly based upon the impact of our general and administrative expense, and in particular, our stock-based  compensation  expense.  Our  equity  awards,  including  market-based  and  performance-based restricted  stock  units,  are  intended  to  retain  and  incentivize  employees  to  lead  us  to  sustained,  long-term superior financial and operational performance.
- COVID-19 Global Pandemic . The global coronavirus 2019, or COVID-19, pandemic has negatively affected, and  we  expect  will  continue  to  negatively  affect,  our  revenue  and  our  clinical  studies.  For  example,  our biopharmaceutical customers are facing challenges in recruiting patients and in conducting clinical studies to advance their pipelines, for which our tests could be utilized. In addition, disruptions caused by the pandemic have adversely affected the quantity and quality of certain sequencers, reagents, blood tubes and other similar materials  that  are  critical  to  our  commercial  and  research  and  development  programs.  We  currently  have  a limited  amount  of  stock  of  these  components.  Failure  in  the  future  to  secure  sufficient  supply  of  critical components could materially and adversely affect our ability to manufacture or supply marketed products and product candidates or complete our ongoing research and development programs on the timelines previously established, which could materially and adversely affect our business and future prospects. The severity of the impact on our business will depend on a number of factors, including the duration and severity of the pandemic and  the  impact  of  any  variants  of  the  virus  on  us,  our  customers,  and  our  suppliers.  In  August  2020,  we launched our Guardant-19 test and received the FDA's emergency use authorization for use in the detection of the novel coronavirus. The test was being offered to our employees and to select partner organizations via our CLIA-certified  clinical  laboratory.  Effective  August  2021,  we  have  discontinued  offering  the  test  to  third parties.

While each of these areas presents significant opportunities for us, they also pose significant risks and challenges that  we  must  address.  See  Part  I,  Item  1A, 'Risk  Factors '  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  more information.

## Components of results of operations

## Revenue

We derive our revenue from two sources: (i) precision oncology testing, and (ii) development services and other.

Precision oncology testing. Precision oncology testing revenue is generated from sales of our tests to clinical and biopharmaceutical customers. In the United States, through December 31, 2022, we generally performed tests as an out-of-network service provider without contracts with health insurance companies. We submit claims for payment for  tests  performed  for  patients  covered  by  U.S.  private  payers.  We  also  submit  claims  to  Medicare  for reimbursement  for  our  Guardant360  CDx,  Guardant360  LDT,  Guardant360  TissueNext  and  Guardant  Reveal clinical  testing  performed  for  qualifying  patients.  Revenue  from  clinical  tests  for  patients  covered  by  Medicare represented approximately 45%, 45% and 42% of our precision oncology revenue from clinical customers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Development services  and  other. Development  services  revenue  primarily  represents  services  that  we  provide  to biopharmaceutical companies, large medical institutions and international laboratory partners. We collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in the development and clinical studies of new drugs. As part of these collaborations, we provide services related to regulatory filings to support companion diagnostic device submissions for our test panels.  Under  these  arrangements,  we  generate  revenue  from  progression  of  our  collaboration  efforts,  as  well  as from  provision  of  on-going  support.  In  addition  to  companion  diagnostic  development  and  regulatory  approval services, we also provide other development services, including clinical study setup, monitoring and maintenance, testing development and support, GuardantConnect and GuardantINFORM. Other revenue includes amounts derived from licensing our technologies, and kit fulfillment.

## Costs and operating expenses

Cost  of  precision  oncology  testing. Cost  of  precision  oncology  testing  generally  consists  of  cost  of  materials, including inventory write-downs; cost of labor, including employee benefits, bonus, and stock-based compensation; equipment and infrastructure expenses associated with processing test samples, such as sample accessioning, library preparation, sequencing, and quality control analyses; freight; curation of test results for physicians; phlebotomy; and license fees due to third parties. Infrastructure expenses include depreciation of laboratory equipment, rent costs, depreciation  of  leasehold  improvements  and  information  technology  costs.  Costs  associated  with  performing  our tests are recorded as the tests are performed regardless of whether revenue was recognized with respect to the tests. While we do not believe the technologies underlying the third-party licenses are necessary to permit us to provide our tests, we do believe these technologies are potentially valuable and of possible strategic importance to us or our competitors.

We expect the cost of precision oncology testing to generally increase in line with the increase in the number of tests we perform, but we expect the cost per test to decrease modestly over time due to the efficiencies we may gain as test volume increases, and from automation and other cost reductions.

Cost of development services and other. Cost of development services and other primarily includes costs incurred for the performance of development services and other requested by our customers comprising of labor and material costs including any inventory write-downs. For development of new products, costs incurred before technological feasibility has been achieved are reported as research and development expenses, while costs incurred thereafter are reported as cost of revenue. Cost of development services and other will vary depending on the nature, timing and scope of customer projects.

Research  and  development  expense .  Research  and  development  expenses  consist  of  costs  incurred  to  develop technology  and  include  salaries  and  benefits  including  stock-based  compensation,  reagents  and  supplies  used  in research  and  development  laboratory  work,  infrastructure  expenses,  including  allocated  facility  occupancy  and information technology costs, contract services, other outside costs and costs to develop our technology capabilities. Research  and  development  expenses  also  include  costs  related  to  activities  performed  under  contracts  with biopharmaceutical companies before technological feasibility has been achieved. Research and development costs are  expensed  as  incurred.  Payments  made  prior  to  the  receipt  of  goods  or  services  to  be  used  in  research  and development  are  deferred  and  recognized  as  expense  in  the  period  in  which  the  related  goods  are  received  or services are rendered. Costs to develop our technology capabilities are recorded as research and development unless they meet the criteria to be capitalized as internal-use software costs. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to innovate and develop additional products, expand our genomic and medical data management resources and conduct our ongoing and new clinical studies.

Sales  and  marketing  expense. Our  sales  and  marketing  expenses  are  expensed  as  incurred  and  include  costs associated  with  our  sales  organization,  including  our  direct  sales  force  and  sales  management,  client  services, marketing and reimbursement, medical affairs, as well as business development personnel who are focused on our biopharmaceutical  customers.  These  expenses  consist  primarily  of  salaries,  commissions,  bonuses,  employee benefits,  travel  expenses  and  stock-based  compensation,  as  well  as  marketing,  sales  incentives,  and  educational activities  and  allocated  overhead  expenses.  We  expect  our  sales  and  marketing  expenses  to  increase  in  absolute dollars as we expand our sales force, increase our presence within and outside of the United States, and increase our marketing activities to drive further awareness and adoption of our tests.

General  and  administrative  expense .  Our  general  and  administrative  expenses  include  costs  for  our  executive, accounting  and  finance,  information  technology,  legal  and  human  resources  functions.  These  expenses  consist principally  of  salaries,  bonuses,  employee  benefits,  travel  expenses  and  stock-based  compensation,  as  well  as professional  services  fees  such  as  consulting,  audit,  tax  and  legal  fees,  and  general  corporate  costs  and  allocated overhead expenses. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will continue to increase as we incur additional  costs  to  support  the  growth  of  our  business.  These  expenses,  though  expected  to  increase  in  absolute dollars, are expected to decrease modestly as a percentage of revenue in the long term, though they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period due to the timing and extent of these expenses being incurred.

## Interest income

Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities.

## Interest expense

Interest expense consists primarily of charges relating to amortization of debt issuance costs.

## Other income (expense), net

Other  income  (expense),  net  consists  of  foreign  currency  exchange  gains  and  losses,  fair  value  adjustments  of marketable equity securities, impairment of other assets, non-recurring payments due and received in relation to the settlement  of  license  and  patent  disputes,  net  of  credit  losses,  and  the  relief  fund  grant  from  the  Department  of Health and Human Services, or HHS, under the U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act. We expect our foreign currency gains and losses to continue to fluctuate in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

## Provision for income tax

Income taxes are recorded using an asset and liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets  and  liabilities  and  their  respective  tax  bases  using  enacted  tax  rates  in  effect  for  the  year  in  which  the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Tax benefits are recognized when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained during an audit. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if current evidence indicates that it is considered more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized.

Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  position  is  sustainable  upon  examination  by  the  taxing  authority,  based  on  the technical merits. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized  tax  benefits  in  its  tax  provision.  We  evaluate  uncertain  tax  positions  on  a  regular  basis.  The evaluations  are  based  on  a  number  of  factors,  including  changes  in  facts  and  circumstances,  changes  in  tax  law, correspondence  with  tax  authorities  during  the  course  of  the  audit,  and  effective  settlement  of  audit  issues.  The provision for income taxes includes the effects of any accruals that we believe are appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties.

## Results of operations

The following tables set forth the significant components of our results of operations for the periods presented.

| Revenue:  Precision oncology testing  $  392,049  $  304,312  Development services and other  57,489  69,341  Total revenue  449,538  373,653  Costs and operating expenses:  Cost of precision oncology testing  (1)  148,199  110,396  Cost of development services and other  8,126  12,516  Research and development expense  (1)  373,807  263,221  Sales and marketing expense  (1)  299,828  191,881  General and administrative expense  (1)  163,956  206,640  Total costs and operating expenses  993,916  784,654  Loss from operations  (544,378)  (411,001)  Interest income  6,069  3,930  Interest expense  (2,577)  (2,577)  Other income (expense), net  (12,778)  25,178  Fair value adjustments of noncontrolling interest liability  (99,785)  -  Loss before provision for income taxes  (653,449)  (384,470)  Provision for income taxes  1,139  300  Net loss  $  (654,588)  $  (384,770)  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Amounts include stock-based compensation expense as follows:

| Cost of precision oncology testing  $  5,498  $  3,468  Research and development expense  26,630  18,907  Sales and marketing expense  25,442  15,479  General and administrative expense  37,115  113,595  Total stock-based compensation expense  $  94,685  $  151,449  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

## Revenue

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Precision oncology testing  $  392,049  $  304,312  $  87,737  29 %  Development services and other  57,489  69,341  (11,852)  (17)  %  Total revenue  $  449,538  $  373,653  $  75,885  20 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total revenue was $449.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $373.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $75.9 million, or 20%.

Precision oncology testing revenue increased to $392.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from $304.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $87.7 million, or 29%.

Precision oncology revenue from tests for clinical customers was $298.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 26% from $236.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in clinical testing revenue was driven primarily by an increase in sample volume related to our Guardant360 CDx and Guardant360 LDT tests, and revenue from products launched in 2021, including Guardant Reveal, Guardant360 Response and Guardant 360 TissueNext.  Total  tests  for  clinical  customers  increased  to  approximately  124,800  for  year  ended  December  31, 2022, from approximately 87,600 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Precision  oncology  revenue  from  tests  for  biopharmaceutical  customers  was  $94.0  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, and $67.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. This increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in sample volume, including our GuardantINFINITY test launched in 2022. Total tests  for  biopharmaceutical  customers increased to approximately 26,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from approximately 18,600 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in the number of biopharmaceutical customers and their contracted projects.

Development services and other revenue decreased to $57.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from $69.3  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  a  decrease  of  $11.9  million,  or  17%.  This  decrease  in development  services  and  other  revenue  was  primarily  due  to  the  change  in  collaboration projects with biopharmaceutical  customers  for  companion  diagnostic  development  and  regulatory  approval  services,  and discontinuation  of  our  Guardant-19  tests  in  August  2021,  partially  offset  by  revenues  earned  from  licensing  our technologies, and providing data services during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Cost of Revenue

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Cost of precision oncology testing  $  148,199  $  110,396  $  37,803  34 %  Cost of development services and other  8,126  12,516  (4,390)  (35)  %  Total cost of revenue  $  156,325  $  122,912  $  33,413  27 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total cost of revenue was $156.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $122.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $33.4 million, or 27%.

Cost of precision oncology testing was $148.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $110.4 million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  an  increase  of  $37.8  million,  or  34%.  This  increase  in  cost  of precision oncology testing was primarily attributable to an increase in sample volumes, resulting in a $16.7 million increase  in  material  costs,  a  $11.2  million  increase  in  production  labor  and  overhead  costs,  and  a  $10.0  million increase in other costs, including costs related to kits, freight and curation of test results for physicians.

Cost of development services and other was $8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $12.5 million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  a  decrease  of  $4.4  million,  or  35%.    This  decrease  in  cost  of development  services  and  other  was  primarily  due  to  a  decrease  in  labor  and  material  costs,  related  to  the discontinuation of our Guardant-19 tests in August 2021, and the change in companion diagnostic development and regulatory approval service contracts, partially offset by costs associated with providing screening testing services and licensing our technologies.

## Operating Expenses

## Research and development expense

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Research and development  $  373,807  $  263,221  $  110,586  42 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Research  and  development  expenses  were  $373.8  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to $263.2  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  an  increase  of  $110.6  million,  or  42%.  This  increase  in research  and  development  expense  was  primarily  related  to  continued  investment  in  the  development  of  our technologies and products, and our clinical studies, resulting in an increase of $48.8 million in outside service fees, an  increase  of  $36.4  million  in  personnel-related  costs  for  employees  in  our  research  and  development  group, including  a  $7.7  million  increase  in  stock-based  compensation,  an  increase  of  $25.3  million  related  to  allocated facilities  and  information  technology  infrastructure  costs,  an  increase  of  $5.2  million  in  post-acquisition  related contingent  consideration,  and  an  increase  of  $4.1  million  in  depreciation  and  amortization,  partially  offset  by  a decrease of $11.5 million in material costs.

## Sales and marketing expense

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Sales and marketing  $  299,828  $  191,881  $  107,947  56 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Selling and marketing expenses were $299.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $191.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $107.9 million, or 56%. This increase was primarily related to commercial infrastructure buildout and marketing activities to support existing products and new product launch, resulting in  an  increase  of  $74.0  million  in  personnel-related  costs,  including  a  $10.0  million  increase  in stock-based compensation, an increase of $14.2 million related to marketing activities, an increase of $9.8 million in office administrative costs, and an increase of $9.4 million related to allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs.

## General and administrative expense

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  General and administrative  $  163,956  $  206,640  $  (42,684)  (21)  %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

General  and  administrative  expenses  were  $164.0  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to $206.6  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  a  decrease  of  $42.7  million,  or  21%.  This  decrease  was primarily due to a decrease of $76.5 million in stock-based compensation, as the market-based restricted stock units issued  to  our  Co-Chief  Executive  Officers  were  fully  expensed  as  of  June  2022,  partially  offset  by  an  increase of $17.6 million in professional service expenses related to outside legal, accounting, consulting and IT services, an increase  of  $7.1  million  in  personnel  costs,  in  line  with  our  business  expansion,  and  an  increase  of  $5.5  million related to allocated facilities and information technology infrastructure costs.

## Interest income

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Interest income  $  6,069  $  3,930  $  2,139  54 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest  income  was  $6.1  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  $3.9  million  for  the  year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of $2.1 million, or 54%, primarily due to higher U.S. treasury interest rates, partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities balances.

## Interest expense

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Interest expense  $  (2,577)  $  (2,577)  $  -  - %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense was primarily attributable to the amortization of debt issuance costs related to our convertible senior notes issued in November 2020, for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021.

## Other income (expense), net

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Other income (expense), net  $  (12,778)  $  25,178  $  (37,956)  *   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Not meaningful

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  other  income  (expense),  net  was  primarily  related  to  $7.8  million  of unrealized  loss  recorded  for  our  marketable  equity  securities,  and  $5.3  million  of  impairment  for  the  rights  to purchase  one  of  our  non-marketable  security  investees.  For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  other  income (expense), net primarily included $25.0 million related to the one-time payment pursuant to a settlement and license agreement entered into in December 2021.

## Fair value adjustments of noncontrolling interest liability

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Fair value adjustments of noncontrolling  interest liability  $  (99,785)  $  -  $  (99,785)  *   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Not meaningful

Fair  value  adjustments  of  noncontrolling  interest  liability  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  was  made  as  a result of the Joint Venture Acquisition completed in June 2022.

## Provision for income taxes

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  $  %  (in thousands)  Provision for income taxes  $  1,139  $  300  $  839  280 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  change  in  the  provision  for  income  taxes  between  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021  was insignificant.

## Quarterly results of operations

The following tables set forth our unaudited quarterly consolidated statements of operations data for each of the eight quarters in the 24-month period ended December 31, 2022.  The information for each of these quarters has been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  In  the  opinion  of  management,  reflect  all  adjustments,  which  include  only  normal  recurring  adjustments, necessary for the fair  presentation  of  our  results  of  operations.  This  data  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  our audited  financial  statements  and  related  notes  included  elsewhere  in  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  These quarterly  operating  results  are  not  necessarily  indicative  of  our  operating  results  for  the  full  year  or  any  future period.

| Three Months Ended  December 31,  2022  September 30,  2022  June 30, 2022  March 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  September 30,  2021  June 30, 2021  March 31,  2021  (unaudited)  (in thousands)  Revenue:  Precision oncology testing  ....  $  113,797  $  102,054  $  92,062  $  84,136  $  88,707  $  79,272  $  72,604  $  63,729  Development services and  other  ....................................  13,094  15,350  17,082  11,963  19,401  15,507  19,497  14,936  Total revenue  ...................  126,891  117,404  109,144  96,099  108,108  94,779  92,101  78,665  Costs and operating expenses:  Cost of precision oncology  testing  .................................  43,706  39,434  34,375  30,684  32,254  29,665  24,887  23,590  Cost of development  services and other  ...............  3,415  1,062  2,352  1,297  1,168  1,151  5,040  5,157  Research and development  expense  ...............................  106,578  100,017  85,455  81,757  73,021  70,968  63,724  55,508  Sales and marketing expense  81,423  80,370  73,603  64,432  59,599  50,228  47,716  34,338  General and administrative  expense  ...............................  37,888  41,121  43,680  41,267  40,274  50,055  48,376  67,935  Total costs and  operating  expenses  ......................  273,010  262,004  239,465  219,437  206,316  202,067  189,743  186,528  Loss from operations  ...............  (146,119)  (144,600)  (130,321)  (123,338)  (98,208)  (107,288)  (97,642)  (107,863)  Interest income  ........................  2,150  1,754  1,387  778  653  689  1,037  1,551  Interest expense  .......................  (644)  (644)  (645)  (644)  (643)  (644)  (644)  (646)  Other income (expense), net  ....  5,281  (18,389)  378  (48)  25,898  (187)  (243)  (290)  Fair value adjustments of  noncontrolling interest  liability  ................................  -  -  (99,785)  -  -  -  -  -  Loss before provision for  income taxes  .......................  (139,332)  (161,879)  (228,986)  (123,252)  (72,300)  (107,430)  (97,492)  (107,248)  Provision for (benefit  from) income taxes  .............  602  115  446  (24)  11  96  83  110  Net loss  ....................................  (139,934)  (161,994)  (229,432)  (123,228)  (72,311)  (107,526)  (97,575)  (107,358)  Adjustment of  redeemable  noncontrolling interest  ........  -  -  -  -  (18,600)  -  -  (2,300)  Net loss attributable to  Guardant Health, Inc.  common stockholders  .........  $  (139,934)  $  (161,994)  $  (229,432)  $  (123,228)  $  (90,911)  $  (107,526)  $  (97,575)  $  (109,658)  Net loss per share  attributable to  Guardant Health, Inc.  common stockholders,  basic and diluted  .................  $  (1.36)  $  (1.58)  $  (2.25)  $  (1.21)  $  (0.89)  $  (1.06)  $  (0.96)  $  (1.09)  Weighted-average shares  used in computing net  loss per share  attributable to  Guardant Health, Inc.  common stockholders,  basic and diluted  .................  102,516  102,289  102,047  101,853  101,697  101,420  101,172  100,955   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity and capital resources

We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception, and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.7 billion. We expect to incur additional operating losses in the near future and our operating expenses will increase as we continue to invest in clinical studies and develop new products, expand our sales organization, and increase our marketing efforts to drive market adoption of our tests. As demand for our tests are expected to continue to increase from physicians and biopharmaceutical companies, we anticipate that our capital expenditure requirements could also increase if we require additional laboratory capacity.

We have funded our operations to date principally from the sale of stock, convertible debt and through revenue from precision oncology testing and development services and other. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents  of  $141.6  million  and  marketable  debt  securities  of  $869.6  million.  Cash  in  excess  of  immediate requirements is invested in accordance with our investment policy, primarily with a view to provide liquidity while ensuring  capital  preservation.  Additionally,  we  have  investments  held  in  marketable  debt  securities  consisting  of United States treasury securities that can be immediately liquid.

Based on our current business plan, we believe our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities and anticipated cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for more than 12 months from the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may consider raising additional capital to expand our business,  to  pursue  strategic  investments,  to  take  advantage  of  financing  opportunities  or  for  other  reasons.  As revenue  from  precision  oncology  testing  and  development  services  and  other  is  expected  to  grow  long-term,  we expect  our  accounts  receivable  and  inventory  balances  to  increase.  Any  increase  in  accounts  receivable  and inventory may not be completely offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, which could impact our working capital balances.

If our available cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities and anticipated cash flows from operations are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements including because of lower demand for our products as a result of lower than currently expected rates of reimbursement from our customers or other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we may seek to sell additional common or preferred equity or convertible debt securities, enter into a credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other debt financing. The sale of equity and convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our stockholders and, in the case of preferred equity securities or convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock.  The  terms  of  debt  securities  issued  or  borrowings  pursuant  to  a  credit  agreement  could  impose  significant restrictions  on  our  operations.  If  we  raise  funds  through  collaborations  and  licensing  arrangements,  we  might  be required to relinquish significant rights to our platform technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Additional capital may not be available to us on reasonable terms, or at all.

## Cash flows

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Net cash used in operating activities  $  (309,463)  $  (209,017)  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  149,816  (63,155)  Net cash used in financing activities  (189,093)  (66,824)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Operating activities

Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was $309.5 million, which resulted from a net loss of $654.6 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of $283.6 million and net change in our operating assets  and  liabilities  of  $61.6  million.  Non-cash  charges  primarily  consisted  of  $99.8  million  of  fair  value adjustments of noncontrolling interest liability in connection with the Joint Venture Acquisition, $94.7 million of stock-based compensation, $36.0 million of depreciation and amortization, $28.6 million of non-cash operating lease costs, $7.8 million of unrealized losses on marketable equity securities, $5.3 million of impairment on the rights to purchase one of our non-marketable security investees, $4.6 million of amortization of premium on marketable debt security  investments,  $4.3  million  of  revaluation  adjustments  to  contingent  consideration,  and  $2.6  million  of amortization of debt issuance costs. The net change in our operating assets and liabilities was primarily the result of a $60.3 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, primarily due to increase in purchases of goods and services, increased personnel and increase in accrued and other liabilities, a $20.4 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, primarily driven by a $25.0 million one-time payment pursuant to a settlement and license agreement entered into in December 2021, a $11.7 million decrease in other assets, and a $9.9 million increase  in  deferred  revenue  primarily  due  to  upfront  payments  from  international  laboratory  partners,  partially offset by a $20.9 million increase in inventory, net due to forecasted higher testing volumes, and increased inventory level to offset potential disruption in supply chain, and a $20.2 million payment of operating lease liabilities net of receipt of tenant improvement allowance.

Cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was $209.0 million, which resulted from a net loss of $384.8 million and net change in our operating assets and liabilities of $40.5 million, partially offset by non-cash  charges  of  $216.2  million.  Non-cash  charges  primarily  consisted  of  $151.4  million  of  stock-based compensation,  $24.7  million  of  non-cash  operating  lease  costs,  $22.3  million  of  depreciation  and  amortization, $12.8 million of amortization of premium on investment, $2.6 million of amortization of debt issuance costs, and $2.4  million  of  revaluation  adjustments  to  contingent  consideration.  The  net  change  in  our  operating  assets  and liabilities was primarily the result of a $44.4 million increase in accounts receivables driven by increased sales to clinical  and  biopharmaceutical  customers,  and  royalty  revenues  earned  pursuant  to  a  settlement  and  license agreement entered into in December 2021, a $35.8 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, primarily  driven  by  a  $25.0  million  one-time  payment  pursuant  the  above-mentioned  settlement  and  license agreement, a $8.0 million increase in inventory, net due to higher testing volumes, and a $4.2 million increase in other assets, partially offset by a $34.8 million increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, primarily due to increase in purchases of goods and services, increased personnel and increase in accrued and other liabilities, a $14.2 million payment of operating lease liabilities net of receipt of tenant improvement allowance, and a $2.8 million increase in deferred revenue.

## Investing activities

Cash provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was $149.8 million, which resulted primarily from maturities of marketable debt securities of $555.0 million, partially offset by purchases of marketable debt  securities  of  $303.8  million,  purchases  of  property  and  equipment  of  $77.5  million,  and  purchases  of  nonmarketable equity and other related assets of $24.0 million.

Cash  used  in  investing  activities  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  was  $63.2  million,  which  resulted primarily from purchases of marketable debt securities of $900.8 million, purchases of property and equipment of $75.0  million,  and  purchases  of  non-marketable  equity  and  other  related  investments  of  $39.4  million,  partially offset by maturities of marketable debt securities of $952.1 million.

## Financing activities

Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was $189.1 million, which was primarily due to consideration payment for the Joint Venture Acquisition of $177.8 million, payment for the tender offer in connection with the Joint Venture Acquisition and acquisition related costs of $14.2 million, and taxes paid related to  net  share  settlement  of  restricted  stock  units  of  $7.9  million,  partially  offset  by  proceeds  of  $9.3  million  from issuances of common stock under our employee stock purchase plan, and proceeds of $2.6 million from exercise of stock options.

Cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was $66.8 million, which was primarily due to taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units of $83.8 million, partially offset by proceeds of  $9.8  million  from  issuances  of  common  stock  under  our  employee  stock  purchase  plan,  and  proceeds  of  $8.1 million from exercise of stock options.

## Critical accounting policies and estimates

We have prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Our preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make  estimates,  assumptions  and  judgments  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  expenses  and related disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses recorded during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  Actual  results  could  therefore  differ  materially  from  these  estimates  under different assumptions or conditions.

While  our  significant  accounting  policies  are  described  in  more  detail  in  Note  2  to  our  consolidated  financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.

## Revenue recognition

We derive revenue from the provision of precision oncology testing services, as well as from development services and  other.  Precision  oncology  testing  services  include  genomic  profiling  and  the  delivery  of  other  genomic information  derived  from  our  platform.  Development  services  include  companion  diagnostic  development  and regulatory approval, clinical study setup, monitoring and maintenance, testing development and support, GuardantConnect and GuardantINFORM. Other revenue includes amounts derived from licensing our technologies, and kit fulfillment. We currently receive payments from third-party commercial and governmental payers, certain hospitals and oncology centers and individual patients, as well as biopharmaceutical companies, research institutes, international laboratory partners and distributors.

Revenues  are  recognized  when  control  of  services  is  transferred  to  customers,  in  an  amount  that  reflects  the consideration  we  expect  to  be  entitled  to  in  exchange  for  those  services.  FASB  ASC  Topic  606, Revenue  from Contracts with Customers ,  provides  for  a  five-step  model  that  includes  identifying  the  contract  with  a  customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price  to  the  performance  obligations,  and  recognizing  revenue  when,  or  as,  an  entity  satisfies  a  performance obligation.

## Precision oncology testing

We  recognize  revenue  from  the  sale  of  our  precision  oncology  tests  for  clinical  customers,  including  certain hospitals,  cancer  centers,  other  institutions  and  patients,  at  the  time  results  of  the  test  are  reported  to  physicians. Most precision oncology tests requested by clinical customers are sold without a written agreement; however, we determine  an  implied  contract  exists  with  our  clinical  customers.  We  identify  each  sale  of  our  test  to  a  clinical customer as a single performance obligation. With the exception of certain limited contracted arrangements with insurance carriers and other institutions where the transaction price is fixed, a stated contract price does not exist and the  transaction  price  for  each  implied  contract  with  our  clinical  customers  represents  variable  consideration.  We estimate the variable consideration under the portfolio approach and consider the historical reimbursement data from third-party commercial and governmental payers and patients, as well as known or anticipated reimbursement trends not reflected in the historical data. We monitor the estimated amount to be collected in the portfolio at each reporting period based on actual cash collections in order to assess whether a revision to the estimate is required. Both the estimate  and  any  subsequent  revision  contain  uncertainty  and  require  the  use  of  significant  judgment  in  the estimation of the variable consideration and application of the constraint for such variable consideration. We analyze actual  cash  collections  over  the  expected  reimbursement  period  and  compare  it  with  the  estimated  variable consideration for each portfolio and any difference is recognized as an adjustment to estimated revenue after the expected reimbursement period, subject to assessment of the risk of future revenue reversal.

Revenue from sales of precision oncology tests to biopharmaceutical customers are based on a negotiated price per test or on the basis of an agreement to provide certain testing volume over a defined period. We identify our promise to  transfer  a  series  of  distinct  tests  to  biopharmaceutical  customers  as  a  single  performance  obligation.  Precision oncology  tests  to  biopharmaceutical  customers  are  generally  billed  at  a  fixed  price  for  each  test  performed.  For agreements involving testing volume to be satisfied over a defined period, revenue is recognized over time based on the number of tests performed as the performance obligation is satisfied over time.

Results of our precision oncology services are delivered electronically, and as such there are no shipping or handling fees incurred by us or billed to customers.

## Development services and other

We perform development services for our biopharmaceutical customers utilizing our precision oncology information platform.  Development  services  typically  represent  a  single  performance  obligation  as  we  perform  a  significant integration  service,  such  as  analytical  validation  and  regulatory  submissions.  The  individual  promises  are  not separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, are not distinct. However, under certain contracts, a biopharmaceutical customer may engage us for multiple distinct development services which are both capable  of  being  distinct  and  separately  identifiable  from  other  promises  in  the  contracts  and,  therefore,  distinct performance obligations.

We collaborate with biopharmaceutical companies in the development of new drugs. As part of these collaborations, we provide services related to regulatory filings to support companion diagnostic device submissions for our testing panels. Under these collaborations, we generate revenue from achievement of milestones, as well as provision of ongoing  support.  For  the  companion  diagnostic  development  and  regulatory  approval  services  performed,  we  are compensated through a combination of an upfront fee and performance-based, non-refundable regulatory and other developmental milestone payments. The transaction price of these contracts typically represents variable consideration. Application of the constraint for variable consideration to milestone payments is an area that requires significant judgment. We evaluate factors such as the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be managed to achieve the respective milestone and the level of effort and investment required to achieve the respective milestone. In making this assessment, we consider our historical experience with similar milestones, the degree of complexity and uncertainty associated with each milestone, and whether achievement of the milestone is dependent on parties other than us. The constraint for variable consideration is applied such that it is probable a significant  reversal  of  revenue  will  not  occur  when  the  uncertainty  associated  with  the  contingency  is  resolved. Application of the constraint for variable consideration is assessed and updated at each reporting period as a revision to the estimated transaction price.

We recognize companion diagnostic development and regulatory approval services revenue over the period in which biopharmaceutical  research  and  development  services  are  provided.  Specifically,  we  recognize  revenue  using  an input method to measure progress, utilizing costs incurred to-date relative to total expected costs as its measure of progress.  We  assess  the  changes  to  the  total  expected  cost  estimates  as  well  as  any  incremental  fees  negotiated resulting from changes to the scope of the original contract in determining the revenue recognition at each reporting period. For development of new products or services under these arrangements, costs incurred before technological feasibility  is  reached  are  included  as  research  and  development  expenses  in  our  consolidated  statements  of operations, while costs incurred thereafter are recorded as cost of development services and other.

We also recognize revenue from other development services, in addition to companion diagnostic development and regulatory  approval  services  noted  above,  such  as  clinical  study  setup,  monitoring  and  maintenance,  testing development and support, GuardantConnect, and GuardantINFORM. These revenues are generally recognized over time based on an input method to measure progress in the period when the associated services have been performed.

In  addition,  other  revenue  includes  amounts  derived  from  licensing  our  digital  sequencing  technologies  to  our domestic customers and international laboratory partners, and kit fulfillment. For the licensed technology, we are compensated through royalty-based payments, non-refundable upfront payments, guaranteed minimum payments, and/or  sample  milestone  payments.  Depending  on  the  nature  of  the  technology  licensing  arrangements,  and considering factors including but not limited to enforceable right to payment and payment terms, and if an asset with alternative use is created, these revenues are recognized in the period when royalty-bearing sales occur, when the technology  transfer  is  complete,  or  during  the  technology  transfer  period.  Kit  fulfillment  related  revenues  are recognized when such products are delivered.

## Contracts with multiple performance obligations

Contracts  with  biopharmaceutical  customers  and  international  laboratory  partners  may  include  multiple  distinct performance  obligations,  such  as  provision  of  precision  oncology  testing,  the  above-mentioned  development services, and digital sequencing technology licensing, among others. We evaluate the terms and conditions included within our contracts with biopharmaceutical customers and international laboratory partners to ensure appropriate revenue  recognition,  including  whether  services  are  considered  distinct  performance  obligations  that  should  be accounted for separately versus together. We first identify material promises, in contrast to immaterial promises or administrative tasks, under the contract, and then evaluate whether these promises are both capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract. In assessing whether a promised service is capable of being distinct, we consider whether the customer could benefit from the service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer, including factors such as the research, development, and commercialization capabilities of a third party as well as the availability of the associated expertise in the general marketplace.  In  assessing  whether  a  promised  service  is  distinct  within  the  context  of  the  contract,  we  consider whether we provide a significant integration of the services, whether the services significantly modify or customize one another, or whether the services are highly interdependent or interrelated.

For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. We determine standalone selling price by considering the historical selling price of these performance obligations in similar transactions as well as other factors, including, but not limited to, the price that customers in the market would be willing to pay, competitive pricing of other vendors, industry  publications  and  current  pricing  practices,  and  expected  costs  of  satisfying  each  performance  obligation plus appropriate margin; or by using the residual approach if standalone selling price is not observable, by reference to  the  total  transaction  price  less  the  sum  of  the  observable  standalone  selling  prices  of  other  performance obligations promised in the contract.

## Variable interest entity

We review agreements we enter into with third party entities, pursuant to which we may have a variable interest in the entity, in order to determine if the entity is a variable interest entity, or VIE. If the entity is a VIE, we assess whether or not we are the primary beneficiary of that entity. In determining whether we are the primary beneficiary of  an  entity,  we  apply  a  qualitative  approach  that  determines  whether  we  have  both  (1)  the  power  to  direct  the economically significant activities  of  the  entity  and  (2)  the  obligation  to  absorb  losses  of,  or  the  right  to  receive benefits  from,  the  entity  that  could  potentially  be  significant  to  that  entity.  If  we  determine  we  are  the  primary beneficiary  of  a  VIE,  we  consolidate  the  statements  of  operations  and  financial  condition  of  the  VIE  into  our consolidated financial statements. Accounting for the consolidation is based on our determination if the VIE meets the definition of a business or and asset. Assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests, excluding goodwill, of VIEs that are not determined to be businesses are recorded at fair value in our financial statements upon consolidation. Assets and liabilities  that  we  have  transferred  to  a  VIE,  after,  or  shortly  before  the  date  we  became  the  primary beneficiary are recorded at the same amount at which the assets and liabilities would have been measured if they had not been transferred. Our determination about whether we should consolidate such VIEs is made continuously as changes to existing relationships or future transactions may result in a consolidation or deconsolidation event.

In May 2018, we and an affiliate of SoftBank formed and capitalized the Joint Venture for the sale, marketing and distribution of our tests generally outside the Americas and Europe. The Joint Venture was deemed to be a VIE and we were identified as the primary beneficiary of the VIE. Consequently, we had consolidated the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Joint Venture in our financial statements and all intercompany balances had been eliminated in consolidation.

Prior  to  November  2021,  the  noncontrolling  interest  held  by  SoftBank  contained  embedded  put-call  redemption features  that  were  not  solely  within  our  control  and  had  been  classified  outside  of  permanent  equity  in  the consolidated  balance  sheets.  The  noncontrolling  interest  was  considered  probable  of  becoming  redeemable  as SoftBank had the option to exercise its put right to sell its equity ownership in the Joint Venture to us on or after the seventh anniversary of the formation of the Joint Venture, on each subsequent anniversary of the IPO and under certain other circumstances. We elected to recognize the changes in redemption value immediately as they occur as if  the  put-call  redemption  feature  were  exercisable  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  In  November  2021,  we exercised our call right contained in the joint venture agreement with SoftBank to purchase all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for the payment of the aggregate purchase price to be determined based on an independent third-party valuation. Upon our exercise of the call right in November 2021, SoftBank no longer had the option to exercise its put right. In connection with exercising the call right, we reclassified $78.0 million from redeemable noncontrolling interest to noncontrolling interest liability. In June 2022, we purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for a cash payment of the aggregate purchase price of $177.8 million, which resulted in $99.8 million of fair value adjustments to the noncontrolling interest liability for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Stock-based compensation

We  measure  stock-based  compensation  expense  for  stock  options  granted  to  our  employees,  directors,  and nonemployee consultants on the date of grant based on the fair value of the awards and recognize the corresponding compensation expense of those awards over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the respective  awards.  Compensation  expense  for  stock  options  with  performance  metrics  is  calculated  based  upon expected achievement of the metrics specified in the grant.

We estimate the fair value of stock options granted under the 2012 Stock Plan, the 2018 Incentive Award Plan, and under the former Guardant Health AMEA, Inc.'s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan for the Joint Venture (see Note 12, Stock-Based Compensation ),  and stock purchase rights granted under our 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally require significant judgment to determine. The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of our stock options were:

## Fair Value of Common Stock

The fair value of our common stock is determined by the closing price, on the date of grant, of its common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The board of directors of the Joint Venture determined the fair value of common stock of the Joint Venture. The grant date fair value of the Joint Venture's common stock was determined  using  valuation  methodologies  which  utilizes  certain  assumptions  including  probability  weighting  of events,  volatility,  time  to  liquidation,  a  risk-free  interest  rate  and  an  assumption  for  a  discount  for  lack  of marketability.  In  determining  the  fair  value  of  the  Joint  Venture's  common  stock,  the  methodologies  used  to estimate  the  enterprise  value  of  the  Joint  Venture  were  performed  using  methodologies,  approaches,  and assumptions  consistent  with  the  American  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  Accounting  and  Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation .

## Expected Term

Our expected term represents the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. The expected term of stock options issued to employees, directors and nonemployee consultants is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term), as we do not have sufficient historical data to use any other method to estimate expected term.

## Expected Volatility

Prior to the commencement of trading of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 4, 2018 in connection with the IPO, there was no active trading market for our common stock. Due to limited historical data for the trading of our common stock, expected volatility is estimated based on the average volatility for comparable publicly traded peer group companies in the same industry plus our expected volatility for the available periods. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty.

The Joint Venture derived the expected volatility from the average historical volatility over a period approximately equal to the expected term of comparable publicly traded companies within its peer group that were deemed to be representative of future stock price trends as the Joint Venture does not have any trading history for its common stock.

## Risk-Free Interest Rate

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the stock option grants.

## Expected Dividend Yield

We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we use an expected dividend yield of zero.

## Black-Scholes Assumptions

The weighted-average assumptions used in our Black-Scholes option-pricing model, including the Joint Venture, were as follows for stock option granted to our employees, directors and nonemployees for the periods presented:

| 2022  2021  2020  Expected term (in years)  5.50 - 6.10  5.49 - 6.06  5.50 - 6.10  Expected volatility  63.3% - 67.6%  63.6% - 66.7%  63.6% - 73.3%  Risk-free interest rate  1.9% - 4.4%  0.3% - 1.3%  0.3% - 1.6%  Expected dividend yield  -%  -%  -%  Year Ended December 31,   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  market-based  restricted  stock  units,  we  derive  the  requisite  service  period  using  the  Monte  Carlo  simulation model.  The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  market-based  restricted  stock  units  was  determined  using  a  Monte  Carlo simulation  model  which  requires  the  use  of  assumptions  regarding  a  number  of  variables  that  are  complex, subjective  and  generally  require  significant  judgment  to  determine.  Stock-based  compensation  expense  will  be recorded regardless of achieving the market conditions or not. If the related market condition is achieved earlier than its expected derived service period, the stock-based compensation expense will be recognized as a cumulative catchup expense from the grant date to that point in time in achieving the share price goal.

The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of our market-based restricted stock units were as follows:

## Fair Value of Common Stock

The fair value of our common stock is determined by the closing price, on the date of grant, of its common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market.

## Expected Volatility

Due to limited historical data for the trading of our common stock, expected volatility is estimated based on the average  volatility  for  comparable  publicly  traded  peer  group  companies  and  implied  volatility  of  publicly  traded options in the same industry plus our expected volatility for the available periods. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty.

## Expected Term

The expected term represents the derived service period for the respective tranches which has been estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model.

## Risk-Free Interest Rate

The risk-free interest  rate  is  based  on  the  U.S.  Treasury  rate,  with  maturities  similar  to  the  expected  term  of  the market-based restricted stock units.

## Risky Rate

The risky rate represents our cost of equity.

## Expected Dividend Yield

We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, uses an expected dividend yield of zero.

## Discount for Lack of Marketability

The discount for lack of marketability represents the discount applied for post vest term restrictions and has been derived using the Monte Carlo simulation model.

The following assumptions were used to calculate the stock-based compensation for market-based restricted stock units: a weighted-average expected term of 0.83 - 2.07 years; expected volatility of 65.5%; a risk-free interest rate of 0.53%; a zero dividend yield; a risky rate (cost of equity) of 16%; and a discount for post-vesting restrictions of 10.4% - 14.5%.

We recognize stock-based compensation expense net of forfeitures as they occur.

We  will  continue  to  use  judgment  in  evaluating  the  assumptions  related  to  our  stock-based  compensation  on  a prospective  basis.  As  we  continue  to  accumulate  additional  data  related  to  our  common  stock,  we  may  have refinements to our estimates, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation expense.

## Recent accounting pronouncements

Not applicable.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates.

## Interest rate risk

We are  exposed  to  market  risk  for  changes  in  interest  rates  related  primarily  to  our  cash  and  cash  equivalents, marketable debt securities and our indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of $141.6 million held primarily in cash deposits and money market funds. Our marketable debt securities are held in U.S. government debt securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had short-term marketable debt securities of $869.6 million.  Our  primary  exposure  to  market  risk  is  interest  income  sensitivity,  which  is  affected  by  changes  in  the general level of the interest  rates  in  the  United  States.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  a  hypothetical  100  basis  point increase  in  interest  rates  would  have  resulted  in  an  approximate  $4.2  million  decline  of  the  fair  value  of  our available-for-sale securities and a hypothetical 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would have resulted in an approximate $4.2 million increase of the fair value of our available-for-sale securities. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur.

## Foreign currency risk

The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States. Through December 31, 2022, we have generated an insignificant amount of revenues denominated in foreign currencies. As we expand our presence in the international market,  our  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  are  expected  to  increasingly  be  subject  to  fluctuations  due  to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2022, the effect of a hypothetical 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates would not be material to our financial condition or results of operations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk. As our international operations grow, we will continue to reassess our approach to manage our risk relating to fluctuations in currency rates.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

## Guardant Health, Inc.

## Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

## As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and

## For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

| Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)  ....................................  101  Consolidated Balance Sheets  ................................................................................................................  103  Consolidated Statements of Operations ................................................................................................  105  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  ................................................................................  106  Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders' Equity  ..............  107  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  ...............................................................................................  108  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  .........................................................................................  110  Page   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  supplementary  financial  information  required  by  this  Item  8  is  included  in  Part  II,  Item  7  under  the caption ' Quarterly Results of Operations ', which is incorporated herein by reference.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Guardant Health, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  Guardant  Health,  Inc.  (the  Company)  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, redeemable noncontrolling  interest  and  stockholders'  equity  and  cash  flows  for  each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  position  of  the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)  (PCAOB),  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  based  on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  and  the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform  the  audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  are  free  of  material misstatement,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of material  misstatement  of  the  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and  performing  procedures  that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging, subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The  communication  of  the  critical  audit  matter  does  not  alter  in  any  way  our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates.

## Precision Oncology Revenue (testing services provided to ordering physicians)

Description of the Matter

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015.

San Mateo, California February 23, 2023

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  revenue  recognized  from  Precision Oncology was $392.0 million. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,  the  Company  recognizes  revenue  from  the  performance  of  precision oncology tests for  clinical  customers  upon  delivery  of  test  results  to  the  ordering physician. As most precision oncology tests requested by customers are sold based on  a  physician  requisition  form  without  further  written  terms  and  conditions,  the Company  determined  an  implied  contract  exists  with  its  patients  and  estimates variable  consideration  to  be  received  for  these  services.  Management  estimates variable consideration based on historical payment data from third-party payers and patients adjusted for known and forecasted changes in payment patterns and subject to a constraint such that revenue recognized is not expected to be reversed.

Auditing the Company's estimate of total consideration expected to be received for the  precision  oncology  tests  is  complex  and  requires  significant  judgement  to evaluate  management's  estimate  of  payments  to  be  received  for  the  tests.  This estimate  is  affected  by  assumptions  on  coverage  of  the  tests  for  the  patient  and experience with collection from third-party payers.

We  obtained  an  understanding,  evaluated  the  design,  and  tested  the  operating effectiveness  of  internal  controls  that  address  the  risks  of  material  misstatement relating to the measurement of precision oncology revenues based upon estimating variable  consideration.  This  included  testing  controls  relating  to  management's review  of  the  significant  assumptions  described  above  and  inputs  used  in  the determination of the estimated amount that would be collected for tests performed during the period.  We also tested controls over the current and historical data used by management in determining this estimate of variable consideration, subject to a constraint, including the completeness and accuracy of the data.

Our  audit  procedures  over  the  Company's  precision  oncology  revenue  included, among  others,  assessing  assumptions  and  inputs  described  above,  testing  the completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  underlying  data  used  by  the  Company  in  its analysis, including the constraint applied. We agreed the terms and conditions of the type  of  test  (i.e.  lung,  non-lung,  etc.)  to  be  performed  to  the  requisition  forms submitted  by  the  physician.  We  compared  the  significant  assumptions  and  inputs used by management to the Company's third-party payer collection trends and other relevant  factors.  This  included  testing  inputs  to  the  calculation  by  comparing historical information to source documents and evaluating the historical accuracy of management's estimates by comparing such estimates to actual results.

## Guardant Health, Inc.

## Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share data)

| ASSETS  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  141,647  $  492,202  Short-term marketable debt securities  869,584  440,546  Accounts receivable, net  97,256  97,652  Inventory, net  51,598  30,674  Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net  31,509  53,052  Total current assets  1,191,594  1,114,126  Long-term marketable debt securities  -  698,034  Property and equipment, net  167,920  124,461  Right-of-use assets, net  174,001  189,443  Intangible assets, net  11,727  14,207  Goodwill  3,290  3,290  Other assets, net  61,453  60,938  Total Assets  (1)  $  1,609,985  $  2,204,499  LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  175,817  105,361  Noncontrolling interest liability  -  78,000  Deferred revenue  17,403  11,326  Total current liabilities  193,220  194,687  Convertible senior notes, net  1,137,391  1,134,821  Long-term operating lease liabilities  210,015  226,053  Other long-term liabilities  9,179  3,933  Total Liabilities  (1)  1,549,805  1,559,494  Commitments and contingencies (Note 10)  As of December 31,  2022  2021   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Stockholders' equity:  Preferred stock, par value of $0.00001 per share; 10,000,000 shares  authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022  and 2021  -  -  Common stock, par value of $0.00001 per share; 350,000,000 shares  authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 102,619,383 and  101,767,446 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and  2021, respectively  1  1  Additional paid-in capital  1,742,114  1,657,593  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (19,522)  (4,764)  Accumulated deficit  (1,662,413)  (1,007,825)  Total Stockholders' Equity  60,180  645,005  Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  $  1,609,985  $  2,204,499  As of December 31,  2022  2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As of December 31, 2021, the Company's consolidated balance sheet included $20.4 million of assets, that can be used only to settle obligations of Guardant Health AMEA, Inc., the consolidated variable interest entity, or VIE, and VIE's subsidiaries, and $4.3 million of liabilities of the consolidated VIE and VIE's subsidiaries, for which their creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of the Company. Guardant Health AMEA, Inc. is no  longer  a  VIE,  after  the  completion  of  the  Joint  Venture  Acquisition  on  June  10,  2022.  See  Note  3,  Joint Venture.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Guardant Health, Inc.

## Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share data)

| Revenue:  Precision oncology testing  $  392,049  $  304,312  $  236,324  Development services and other  57,489  69,341  50,406  Total revenue  449,538  373,653  286,730  Costs and operating expenses:  Cost of precision oncology testing  148,199  110,396  74,769  Cost of development services and other  8,126  12,516  17,766  Research and development expense  373,807  263,221  149,862  Sales and marketing expense  299,828  191,881  106,513  General and administrative expense  163,956  206,640  192,770  Total costs and operating expenses  993,916  784,654  541,680  Loss from operations  (544,378)  (411,001)  (254,950)  Interest income  6,069  3,930  10,171  Interest expense  (2,577)  (2,577)  (4,766)  Other income (expense), net  (12,778)  25,178  3,641  Fair value adjustments of noncontrolling interest liability  (99,785)  -  -  Loss before provision for income taxes  (653,449)  (384,470)  (245,904)  Provision for income taxes  1,139  300  379  Net loss  (654,588)  (384,770)  (246,283)  Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest  -  (20,900)  (7,500)  Net loss attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common  stockholders  $  (654,588)  $  (405,670)  $  (253,783)  Net loss per share attributable to Guardant Health, Inc.  common stockholders, basic and diluted  $  (6.41)  $  (4.00)  $  (2.60)  Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per  share attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common  stockholders, basic and diluted  102,178  101,314  97,504  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Guardant Health, Inc.

## Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands)

| Net loss  $  (654,588)  $  (384,770)  $  (246,283)  Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax impact:  Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities  (13,158)  (5,769)  1,131  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (1,600)  (1,692)  455  Other comprehensive (loss) income  (14,758)  (7,461)  1,586  Comprehensive loss  $  (669,346)  $  (392,231)  $  (244,697)  Comprehensive loss attributable to redeemable  noncontrolling interest  -  (20,900)  (7,500)  Comprehensive loss attributable to Guardant Health, Inc.  $  (669,346)  $  (413,131)  $  (252,197)  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Guardant Health, Inc.

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands)

| OPERATING ACTIVITIES:  Net loss  $  (654,588)  $ (384,770)  $ (246,283)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating  activities:  Depreciation and amortization  35,962  22,271  16,065  Non-cash operating lease costs  28,585  24,661  5,567  Charge of in-process research and development costs with no  alternative future use  -  -  8,500  Re-valuation of contingent consideration  4,305  2,380  (120)  Non-cash stock-based compensation  94,685  151,449  144,113  Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs  2,569  2,564  4,729  Amortization of premium (discount) on marketable debt securities  4,595  12,849  4,016  Unrealized losses on marketable equity securities  7,793  -  -  Impairment of other assets  5,261  -  -  Fair value adjustments of noncontrolling interest liability  99,785  -  -  Credit loss adjustment and others  21  47  7,151  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Accounts receivable, net  375  (44,353)  (5,463)  Inventory, net  (20,926)  (7,957)  (7,535)  Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net  20,444  (35,753)  (6,077)  Other assets, net  11,698  (4,182)  (19,326)  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  60,328  34,796  505  Operating lease liabilities  (20,228)  14,205  (6,042)  Deferred revenue  9,873  2,776  (3,727)  Net cash used in operating activities  (309,463)  (209,017)  (103,927)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES:  Purchase of marketable debt securities  (303,757)  (900,808)  (1,125,575)  Maturity of marketable debt securities  555,000  952,110  562,548  Purchase of non-marketable equity securities and other related assets  (23,966)  (39,422)  -  Purchase of property and equipment  (77,461)  (75,035)  (36,173)  Purchase of intangible assets and capitalized license obligations  -  -  (17,886)  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  149,816  (63,155)  (617,086)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  Payments made on finance lease obligations  (71)  (146)  (174)  Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock  purchase plan  9,316  9,753  7,095  Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock  options  2,625  8,112  9,528  Taxes paid related to net share settlement of restricted stock units  (7,878)  (83,759)  (3,447)  Joint Venture Acquisition  (177,785)  -  -  Tender offer issued in connection with the Joint Venture Acquisition  and acquisition related costs  (14,235)  -  -  Payment of contingent consideration  (1,065)  -  -  Proceeds from public offerings of common stock  -  -  355,730  Payment of offering costs related to public offerings of common stock  -  -  (1,130)  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Proceeds from borrowings on convertible senior notes, net  -  -  1,132,750  Payment of offering costs related to borrowings on convertible senior  notes  -  (784)  -  Purchase of convertible note hedges  -  -  (90,045)  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (189,093)  (66,824)  1,410,307  Net effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents  and restricted cash  (1,600)  (1,693)  455  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (350,340)  (340,689)  689,749  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash - Beginning of period  492,288  832,977  143,228  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  - End of period  $  141,948  $  492,288  $  832,977  Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information:  Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets  $  4,073  $  171,382  $  13,123  Cash paid for income taxes  $  1,331  $  393  $  331  Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing  Activities:  Purchase of property and equipment included in accounts payable and  accrued liabilities  $  8,291  $  8,892  $  1,986  Property and equipment acquired under finance leases  $  -  $  238  $  47  Vesting of common stock exercised early  $  8  $  52  $  52  Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interest to  noncontrolling interest liability  $  -  $  78,000  $  -  Debt issuance costs included in accounts payable and accrued  liabilities  $  -  $  -  $  784  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Guardant Health, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. Description of Business

Guardant Health, Inc., or the Company, is a leading precision oncology company focused on helping conquer cancer globally through the use of its proprietary tests, vast data sets and advanced analytics. The Company believes its tests can transform cancer care by unlocking insights that will help patients at all stages of the disease, including at its earliest stages, when it's most treatable. For patients with advanced stage cancer, the Company has commercially launched Guardant360 LDT and Guardant360 CDx, the first comprehensive liquid biopsy test approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, to provide tumor mutation profiling with solid tumors and to be used as a companion diagnostic in connection with non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and breast cancer. The Company has also launched the Guardant360 TissueNext tissue test for advanced-stage cancer, Guardant Reveal blood test to detect  residual  and  recurring  disease  in  early-stage  colorectal,  breast  and  lung  cancer  patients,  and  Guardant360 Response  blood  test  to  predict  patient  response  to  immunotherapy  or  targeted  therapy  eight  weeks  earlier  than current standard-of-care imaging.

The  Company  also  collaborates  with  biopharmaceutical  companies  in  clinical  studies  by  providing  the  abovementioned tests, as well as the GuardantOMNI blood test for advanced-stage cancer, and the GuardantINFINITY blood test, launched in September 2022, which is a next-generation smart liquid biopsy that provides new, multidimensional  insights  into  the  complexities  of  tumor  molecular  profiles  and  immune  response  to  advance  cancer research  and  therapy  development.  Using  data  collected  from  its  tests,  the  Company  has  also  developed  its GuardantINFORM platform to help biopharmaceutical companies accelerate precision oncology drug development through  the  use  of  this  in-silico  research  platform  to  unlock  further  insights  into  tumor  evolution  and  treatment resistance across various biomarker-driven cancers.

In May 2022, the Company launched the Shield LDT test to address the needs of individuals eligible for colorectal cancer screening. From a simple blood draw, Shield uses a novel multimodal approach to detect colorectal cancer signals in the bloodstream, including DNA that is shed by tumors. In addition, in December 2022, the Company announced positive results from ECLIPSE, an over 20,000 patient registrational study evaluating the performance of its Shield blood test for detecting colorectal cancer in average-risk adults. The Company also expects to expand into lung and multi-cancer screening with its investigational, next-generation Shield assay.

The Company was incorporated in Delaware in December 2011 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California. In May 2018, the Company formed and capitalized Guardant Health AMEA, Inc., or the Joint Venture, in the United States with an affiliate of SoftBank Vision Fund (AIV M1) L.P., or SoftBank. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, the Company held approximately 50% ownership and controlling interest in the Joint Venture. In June 2022,  the  Company  completed  the  purchase  of  all  of  the  shares  of  the  Joint  Venture,  or  the  Joint  Venture Acquisition, held by SoftBank and its affiliates, and issued a tender offer to purchase the Joint Venture's Class B common stock issued and issuable upon exercise of vested Joint Venture's stock options held by the Joint Venture's employees. Upon completion of the Joint Venture Acquisition and the tender offer, Guardant Health AMEA, Inc. became  the  Company's  wholly  owned  subsidiary  (see  Note  3, Joint  Venture and Note  12, Stock-Based Compensation ).

## 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Guardant Health, Inc., its consolidated Joint Venture (see Note 1, Description of Business and Note 3, Joint  Venture ),  and  its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries.  Other  stockholders'  interests  in  the  Joint  Venture were  shown  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  noncontrolling  interest  liability  before  the  Joint  Venture Acquisition  was  completed.  All  intercompany  balances  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation. Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts were made to conform with the current period presentation.

The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to allow the Company to fund its current operating plan through at least a period of one year after the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements are issued. As the Company continues to incur losses, its transition to profitability is dependent upon a level of revenues adequate to support the Company's cost structure. If the Company's transition to profitability is not consistent with its current operating plan, the Company may have to seek additional capital.

## Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  GAAP  requires  management  to  make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the related disclosures  at  the  date  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  as  well  as  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues  and expenses during the periods presented. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and other marketspecific or other relevant assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates are used in  several  areas  including,  but  not  limited  to,  estimation  of  variable  consideration,  estimation  of  credit  losses, standalone  selling  price  allocation  included  in  contracts  with  multiple  performance  obligations,  goodwill  and identifiable intangible assets, stock-based compensation, incremental borrowing rate for operating leases, contingencies, certain inputs into the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, including related reserves, valuation of  non-marketable  securities,  among  others.  These  estimates  generally  involve  complex  issues  and  require judgments, involve the analysis of historical results and prediction of future trends, can require extended periods of time  to  resolve  and  are  subject  to  change  from  period  to  period.  Actual  results  may  differ  materially  from management's estimates.

The severity  of  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  on  the  Company's  business  will  depend  on  a  number  of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and severity of the pandemic, and the impact of any variants of the virus, the extent and severity of the impact on the Company's customers and suppliers, the continued disruption to demand for the Company's products and services, and the impact of the global business and economic environment on liquidity and the availability of capital, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.

## Segment Information

The Company operates as one operating and reportable segment. The Company's chief operating decision makers are  its  Co-Chief  Executive  Officers,  who  review  financial  information  presented  on  a  consolidated  basis  for  the purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

Cash  equivalents  consist  of  highly  liquid  investments  with  original  maturities  at  the  time  of  purchase  of  three months or less. Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and money market accounts that invest primarily in U.S. government-backed securities and treasuries. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value.

Restricted cash consists of payroll withholding related to the Company's enrollment in certain voluntary disability insurance  plan.  Restricted  cash  balance  was  $0.3  million  and  $0.1  million  as  of  December  31,  2022,  and  2021, respectively, which was included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

## Marketable Debt Securities

Marketable  debt  securities  consist  primarily  of  high-grade  U.S.  government  and  agency  securities  and  corporate bonds. Marketable debt securities with original maturities at the time of purchase between three and twelve months from balance sheet dates are classified as short-term marketable debt securities and those with maturities over twelve months from balance sheet dates are classified as long-term marketable debt securities. The Company classifies all marketable debt securities as available-for-sale, which are recorded at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) in stockholders' equity. Any premium or discount arising at purchase is amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.

The Company periodically evaluates its available-for-sale marketable debt securities for impairment. When the fair value of a marketable debt security is below its amortized cost, the amortized cost is reduced to its fair value if it is more likely than not that the Company is required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized cost basis,  or  the  Company has the intention to sell the security. If neither of these conditions are met, the Company determines whether the impairment is due to credit losses by comparing the present value of the expected cash flows of the security with its amortized cost basis. The amount of impairment recognized is limited to the excess of the amortized cost over the fair value of the security. An allowance for credit losses for the excess of amortized cost over  the  expected  cash  flows  is  recorded  in  other  income  (expense),  net  on  the  consolidated  statements  of operations. Impairment losses that are not credit-related are included in accumulated other comprehensive gain (loss) in stockholders' equity.

## Non-Marketable Securities

The Company acquires certain equity investments in private companies to promote business and strategic objectives. The Company's investments in non-marketable equity securities do not give the Company the ability to control or exercise  significant  influence  over  the  investees.  The  Company's  non-marketable  equity  and  other  related investments  totaled  $25.0  million  and  $39.4  million  as  of  December  31,  2022,  and  2021,  respectively,  and  are included in other assets, net on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Non-marketable securities are subject to  periodic  impairment  reviews  and  adjustments  for  observable  price  changes  from  orderly  transactions.  The Company's  evaluation  of  impairment  of  such  non-marketable  securities  is  based  on  adverse  changes  in  market conditions  and  the  regulatory  or  economic  environment,  qualitative  and  quantitative  analysis  of  the  operating performance  of  the  investee;  changes  in  operating  structure  or  management  of  the  investee;  additional  funding requirements; and the investee's ability to remain in business. Pursuant to one of the investments in non-marketable securities  purchased  by  the  Company,  the  Company  acquired  rights  to  purchase  the  investee  at  a  pre-determined price subject to additional adjustments based on the performance of the investee, on or before December 31, 2022. In  September  2022,  the  Company  decided  not  to  exercise  such  rights  to  purchase  the  investee  and  recorded  an impairment of $5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 based on an independent third-party valuation, which has been included in other income (expense), net on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. No  other  impairment  or  downward  adjustments  to  the  carrying  value  of  non-marketable  securities  have  been otherwise  recorded.  In  addition,  pursuant  to  another  investment  in  non-marketable  securities  purchased  by  the Company, the  Company  acquired  rights  to  purchase  the  investee  at  a  pre-determined  price  subject  to  additional adjustments  based  on  the  performance  of  the  Company,  on  or  before  October  1,  2023.  In  July  2022,  one  of  the investees completed its initial public offering, or IPO, subsequent to which, the Company started to account for the investment in the investee at fair value on a recurring basis (see Note 5, Fair Value Measurements, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities ).

## Concentration of Risk

The  Company  is  subject  to  credit  risk  from  its  portfolio  of  cash  equivalents  held  at  one  commercial  bank  and investments in marketable debt securities. The Company limits its exposure to credit losses by investing in money market funds through a U.S. bank with high credit ratings. The Company's cash may consist of deposits held with banks that may at times exceed federally insured limits, however, its exposure to credit risk in the event of default by the  financial  institution  is  limited  to  the  extent  of  amounts  recorded  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets.  The Company performs evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions to limit the amount of credit exposure.

The Company also invests in investment -grade debt instruments and has policy limits for the amount it can invest in any  one  type  of  security,  except  for  securities  issued  or  guaranteed  by  the  U.S.  government.  The  goals  of  the Company's  investment  policy,  in  order  of  priority,  are  as  follows:  safety  and  preservation  of  principal  and diversification of risk; liquidity of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and a competitive after -tax rate of return. Under its investment policy, the Company limits amounts invested in such securities by credit rating, maturity, investment type and issuer, as a result, the Company is not exposed to any significant concentrations of credit risk from these financial instruments.

The  Company  is  subject  to  credit  risk  from  its  accounts  receivable.  The  majority  of  the  Company's  accounts receivable arises from the provision of precision oncology services and development services and other, primarily with biopharmaceutical companies and international laboratory partners, all of which have high credit ratings. The Company has not experienced any material losses related to receivables from individual customers, or groups of customers. The Company does not require collateral. Accounts receivable are recorded at net amount.

A significant customer is any biopharmaceutical customer, clinical testing payer, or international laboratory partner that represents 10% or more of the Company's total revenue or accounts receivable balance. Revenue attributable to each significant customer, including its affiliated entities, as a percentage of the Company's total revenue, for the respective period, and accounts receivable balance attributable to each significant customers, including its affiliated entities, as a percentage of the Company's total accounts receivable balance, at the respective consolidated balance sheet date, are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  As of December 31,  2022  2021  2020  2022  2021  Customer A  *  *  10 %  12 %  *  Customer B  30 %  29 %  25 %  11 %  13 %  Customer C  *  *  *  *  10 %  Customer D  *  *  *  *  13 %  Revenue  Accounts Receivable, Net   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* less than 10%

The  Company  is  also  subject  to  credit  risk  from  its  other  receivables  and  other  assets.  The  Company's  other receivables and other assets include payments due from a third-party in relation to the settlement of a patent dispute reached in August 2020 for $8.0 million payable over a period of 6 years. In December 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company received the first, second and third installment payments of $1.0 million, $1.1 million and $1.1 million, respectively. The Company has evaluated and recorded a credit loss for the remaining $4.8 million considering the third-party's credit worthiness and lack of financial history.

The following table presents the receivable and the related credit loss amounts:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Prepaid expenses and other current assets:  Gross Amount  $  -  $  -  Allowance for Credit Losses  -  -  Net Amount  $  -  $  -  Other assets:  Gross Amount  $  4,800  $  5,900  Allowance for Credit Losses  (4,800)  (5,900)  Net Amount  $  -  $  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes the allowance for credit losses activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Prepaid expenses and other current assets:  Allowance for credit losses-Beginning of period  $  -  $  -  $  -  Charged to (reversed from) other income (expense), net  (1,100)  (1,100)  -  Reclassification  1,100  1,100  -  Allowance for credit losses-End of period  $  -  $  -  $  -  Other assets:  Allowance for credit losses-Beginning of period  $  5,900  $  7,000  $  -  Charged to (reversed from) other income (expense), net  -  -  7,000  Reclassification  (1,100)  (1,100)  -  Allowance for credit losses-End of period  $  4,800  $  5,900  $  7,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Accounts Receivable, Net

Accounts  receivable  represent  valid  claims  against  commercial  and  governmental  payers,  biopharmaceutical companies, research institutes, international laboratory partners and distributors, including unbilled receivables, and royalty  payments  due  from  third  parties  for  licensing  the  Company's  technologies.  Unbilled  receivables  include balances  due  from  biopharmaceutical  customers  related  to  development  services  and  other  revenues  that  are recognized  upon  the  achievement  of  performance-based  milestones  but  prior  to  the  achievement  of  contractual billing  rights.  As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  Company  had  unbilled  receivables  of  $5.4  million  and $5.7 million, respectively.

The  Company  evaluates  the  collectability  of  its  accounts  receivable  based  on  historical  collection  trends,  the financial  condition  of  payment  partners,  and  external  market  factors  and  provides  for  an  allowance  for  potential credit losses based on management's best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had immaterial allowance for credit losses related to its accounts receivable.

## Inventory, Net

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory consisted entirely of supplies, which are consumed when providing tests, and therefore the Company does not maintain any finished goods inventory.

In order to assess the ultimate realization of inventories, the Company is required to make judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company periodically reviews its inventories  for  excess  or  obsolescence  and  writes  down  obsolete  or  otherwise  unmarketable  inventory  to  its estimated net realizable value. If the actual net realizable value is less than that estimated by the Company, or if it is determined that inventory utilization will further diminish based on estimates of demand, additional inventory writedowns may be required. Amounts written-down due to unmarketable inventory are recorded in cost of precision oncology testing and cost of development services and other, as appropriate.

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed over estimated useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated  useful  lives  of  the  assets  or  the  remaining  term  of  the  lease,  whichever  is  shorter.  The  Company periodically  reviews  the  depreciable  lives  assigned  to  property  and  equipment  placed  in  service  and  changes  the estimates  of  useful  lives,  if  necessary.  Maintenance  and  repairs  that  do  not  improve  or  extend  the  lives  of  the respective assets are expensed as incurred.

Estimated useful lives for property and equipment are as follows:

| Property and Equipment  Estimated Useful Life  Machinery and equipment  5 years  Furniture and fixtures  7 years  Computer hardware and computer software  3 years  Leasehold improvements  Lesser of estimated useful life or remaining lease term   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Asset Acquisition

If an acquisition of an asset or group of assets does not meet the definition of a business, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition rather than a business combination. An asset acquisition does not result in the recognition of  goodwill  and  transaction  costs  are  capitalized  as  part  of  the  cost  of  the  asset  or  group  of  assets  acquired. Transaction  costs  allocated  to  in-process  research  and  development  technology  with  no  future  alternate  use  is expensed as incurred. The total consideration is allocated to the various intangible assets acquired on a relative fair value  basis.  Cash  paid  in  connection  of  purchase  of  in-process  research  and  development  technology  in  an  asset acquisition is presented within the investing section of the consolidated statement of cash flows.

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net

Intangible  assets  related  to  in-process  research  and  development  costs,  or  IPR&amp;D,  acquired  in  a  business combination are considered to be indefinite-lived until the completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. If and when development is complete, the associated assets would be deemed finite-lived and  would  then  be  amortized  based  on  their  respective  estimated  useful  lives  at  that  point  in  time.  Prior  to completion of the research and development efforts, the assets are considered indefinite-lived. During this period, the assets will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if the Company becomes aware of any events occurring or changes in circumstances that would indicate a reduction in the fair value of the IPR&amp;D projects below their respective carrying amounts. In connection with the launch of Shield LDT in May 2022, the Company's IPR&amp;D of $1.6 million was reclassified as an intangible asset with a useful life of 2 years.

Goodwill represents  the  excess  of  the  purchase  price  over  the  fair  value  of  net  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities. Goodwill  is  not  amortized  but  is  tested  for  impairment  at  least  annually  during  the  fourth  fiscal  quarter,  or  if circumstances indicate its value may no longer be recoverable. The Company continues to operate in one segment, which is considered to be the sole reporting unit and, therefore, goodwill is tested for impairment at the enterprise level. As of December 31, 2022, there has been no impairment of goodwill.

Intangible assets are carried at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The Company does not have intangible assets with indefinite useful lives other than goodwill. Amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis over the intangible asset's useful life, which is approximately 2-12 years.

## Impairment for Long-Lived Assets

The Company evaluates its long-lived assets, including property and equipment, finite-lived intangible assets, and right-of-use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount  of  the  asset  may  not  be  fully  recoverable.  An  impairment  loss  would  be  recognized  when  estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.

## Post-acquisition Contingent Consideration

Post-acquisition  contingent  consideration  is  recognized  over  the  service  period,  subject  to  meeting  the  respective service requirements and performance metrics. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded postacquisition  contingent  consideration  expense  of  $5.2  million  in  research  and  development  expenses  on  the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company did not record any post-acquisition contingent consideration expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Leases

The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use, or ROU, assets  and  operating  leases  liabilities  are  recognized  based  on  the  present  value  of  the  future  minimum  lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and any lease payments made at or before the lease commencement date, less lease incentives received or receivable. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the lease liabilities, as the Company's leases generally do not provide an implicit rate. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate when the Company is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company also has lease arrangements with lease and non-lease components. The Company elected the practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease components for the Company's facility leases. The Company also elected to apply the short-term lease measurement and recognition exemption in which ROU assets and lease liabilities are not recognized for leases with terms of 12 months or less.

## Convertible Senior Notes

In accounting for the issuance of the convertible senior notes, the Company separated the notes into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that did not have an associated convertible feature, using a discounted cash flow model with a risk adjusted yield. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting  the  fair  value  of  the  liability  component  from  the  par  value  of  the  notes  as  a  whole.  This  difference represented a debt discount that was amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. The equity component was not remeasured as long as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification. In accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the notes, the Company allocated the total  amount incurred to the liability and equity components based on their relative fair values. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component were netted with the liability component and amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the notes. Transaction costs attributable to the equity component were netted with the equity component of the notes in additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets.

Upon adoption of ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity on January 1, 2021, the Company reclassified the carrying amount of the equity component of the cash conversion feature including the allocated debt issuance costs from additional paid-in capital to convertible senior notes, net. Convertible  senior  notes  are  accounted  for  as  a  liability  and  measured  at  their  amortized  cost.  Transaction  costs related to the issuance of the notes are netted with the liability and are amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes, using an effective interest rate method.

## Revenue Recognition

The  Company  derives  revenue  from  the  provision  of  precision  oncology  testing  services,  as  well  as  from development services and other. Precision oncology testing services include genomic profiling and the delivery of other  genomic  information  derived  from  the  Company's  platform.  Development  services  include  companion diagnostic  development  and  regulatory  approval,  clinical  study  setup,  monitoring  and  maintenance,  testing development and support, GuardantConnect and GuardantINFORM. Other revenue includes amounts derived from licensing  the  Company's  technologies  and  kit  fulfillment.  The  Company  currently  receives  payments  from  thirdparty commercial and governmental payers, certain hospitals and oncology centers and individual patients, as well as biopharmaceutical companies, research institutes, international laboratory partners and distributors.

Revenues  are  recognized  when  control  of  services  is  transferred  to  customers,  in  an  amount  that  reflects  the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue from  Contracts  with  Customers ,  provides  for  a  five-step  model  that  includes  identifying  the  contract  with  a customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction  price  to  the  performance  obligations,  and  recognizing  revenue  when,  or  as,  an  entity  satisfies  a performance obligation.

## Precision oncology testing

The  Company  recognizes  revenue  from  the  sale  of  its  precision  oncology  tests  for  clinical  customers,  including certain  hospitals,  cancer  centers,  other  institutions  and  patients,  at  the  time  results  of  the  test  are  reported  to physicians.  Most  precision  oncology  tests  requested  by  clinical  customers  are  sold  without  a  written  agreement; however, the Company determines an implied contract exists with its clinical customers. The Company identifies each sale of its test to a clinical customer as a single performance obligation. With the exception of certain limited contracted arrangements with insurance carriers and other institutions where the transaction price is fixed, a stated contract price does not exist and the transaction price for each implied contract with clinical customers represents variable  consideration.  The  Company  estimates  the  variable  consideration  under  the  portfolio  approach  and considers the historical reimbursement data from third-party commercial and governmental payers and patients, as well as known or anticipated reimbursement trends not reflected in the historical data. The Company monitors the estimated amount to be collected in the portfolio at each reporting period based on actual cash collections in order to assess  whether  a  revision  to  the  estimate  is  required.  Both  the  estimate  and  any  subsequent  revision  contain uncertainty  and  require  the  use  of  significant  judgment  in  the  estimation  of  the  variable  consideration  and application of the constraint for such variable consideration. The Company analyzes its actual cash collections over the expected reimbursement period and compares it with the estimated variable consideration for each portfolio and any difference is recognized as an adjustment to estimated revenue after the expected reimbursement period, subject to  assessment of the risk of future revenue reversal. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company  recorded  $8.8  million,  $19.3  million  and  $26.0  million  as  revenue,  respectively,  resulting  from  cash collections exceeding the estimated variable consideration related to samples processed in previous years, including revenue received from successful appeals of reimbursement denials, net of recoupments.

Revenue from sales of precision oncology tests to biopharmaceutical customers are based on a negotiated price per test or on the basis of an agreement to provide certain testing volume over a defined period. The Company identifies its promise to transfer a series of distinct tests to biopharmaceutical customers as a single performance obligation. Precision oncology tests to biopharmaceutical customers are generally billed at a fixed price for each test performed. For agreements involving testing volume to be satisfied over a defined period, revenue is recognized over time based on the number of tests performed as the performance obligation is satisfied over time. Results of the Company's precision oncology services are delivered electronically, and as such there are no shipping or handling fees incurred by the Company or billed to customers.

## Development services and other

The Company performs development services for its biopharmaceutical customers utilizing its precision oncology information  platform.  Development  services  typically  represent  a  single  performance  obligation  as  the  Company performs a significant integration service, such as analytical validation and regulatory submissions. The individual promises  are  not  separately  identifiable  from  other  promises  in  the  contracts  and,  therefore,  are  not  distinct. However,  under  certain  contracts,  a  biopharmaceutical  customer  may  engage  the  Company  for  multiple  distinct development services which are both capable of being distinct and separately identifiable from other promises in the contracts and, therefore, distinct performance obligations.

The Company collaborates with biopharmaceutical companies in the development of new drugs. As part of these collaborations, the Company provides services related to regulatory filings to support companion diagnostic device submissions for the Company's testing panels. Under these collaborations, the Company generates revenue from achievement of milestones, as well as provision of on-going support. For the companion diagnostic development and regulatory approval services performed, the Company is compensated through a combination of an upfront fee and performance-based, non-refundable regulatory and other developmental milestone payments. The transaction price of these contracts typically represents variable consideration. Application of the constraint for variable consideration to  milestone  payments  is  an  area  that  requires  significant  judgment.  The  Company  evaluates  factors  such  as  the scientific, clinical, regulatory, commercial, and other risks that must be managed to achieve the respective milestone and the level of effort and investment required to achieve the respective milestone. In making this assessment, the Company  considers  its  historical  experience  with  similar  milestones,  the  degree  of  complexity  and  uncertainty associated with each milestone, and whether achievement of the milestone is dependent on parties other than the Company.  The  constraint  for  variable  consideration  is  applied  such  that  it  is  probable  a  significant  reversal  of revenue  will  not  occur  when  the  uncertainty  associated  with  the  contingency  is  resolved.  Application  of  the constraint for variable consideration is assessed and updated at each reporting period as a revision to the estimated transaction price.

The  Company  recognizes  companion  diagnostic  development  and  regulatory  approval  services  revenue  over  the period  in  which  biopharmaceutical  research  and  development  services  are  provided.  Specifically,  the  Company recognizes  revenue  using  an  input  method  to  measure  progress,  utilizing  costs  incurred  to-date  relative  to  total expected costs as its measure of progress. The Company assesses the changes to the total expected cost estimates as well as any incremental fees negotiated resulting from changes to the scope of the original contract in determining the  revenue  recognition  at  each  reporting  period.  For  development  of  new  products  or  services  under  these arrangements, costs incurred before technological feasibility is reached are included as research and development expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations, while costs incurred thereafter are recorded as cost of development services and other.

The  Company  also  recognizes  revenue  from  other  development  services,  in  addition  to  companion  diagnostic development  and  regulatory  approval  services  noted  above,  such  as  clinical  study  setup,  monitoring  and maintenance,  testing  development  and  support,  GuardantConnect  and  GuardantINFORM.  These  revenues  are generally recognized over time based on an input method to measure progress in the period when the associated services have been performed.

In addition, other revenue includes amounts derived from licensing the Company's digital sequencing technologies to its domestic customers and international laboratory partners, and kit fulfillment. For the licensed technology, the Company is compensated through royalty-based payments, non-refundable upfront payments, guaranteed minimum payments, and/or sample milestone payments. Depending on the nature of the technology licensing arrangements, and considering factors including but not limited to enforceable right to payment and payment terms, and if an asset with alternative use is created, these revenues are recognized in the period when royalty-bearing sales occur, when the  technology  transfer  is  complete,  or  over  the  technology  transfer  period.  Kit  fulfillment  related  revenues  are recognized when such products are delivered.

## Contracts with multiple performance obligations

Contracts  with  biopharmaceutical  customers  and  international  laboratory  partners  may  include  multiple  distinct performance  obligations,  such  as  provision  of  precision  oncology  testing,  the  above-mentioned  development services,  and  digital  sequencing  technology  licensing,  among  others.  The  Company  evaluates  the  terms  and conditions included within its contracts with biopharmaceutical customers and international laboratory partners to ensure appropriate revenue recognition, including whether services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together. The Company first identifies material promises, in contrast to immaterial promises or administrative tasks, under the contract, and then evaluates whether these promises are both capable of being distinct and distinct within the context of the contract. In assessing whether a promised service is capable of being distinct, the Company considers whether the customer could benefit from the service either on its own  or  together  with  other  resources  that  are  readily  available  to  the  customer,  including  factors  such  as  the research,  development,  and  commercialization  capabilities  of  a  third  party  as  well  as  the  availability  of  the associated  expertise  in  the  general  marketplace.  In  assessing  whether  a  promised  service  is  distinct  within  the context of the contract, the Company considers whether it provides a significant integration of the services, whether the  services  significantly  modify  or  customize  one  another,  or  whether  the  services  are  highly  interdependent  or interrelated.

For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations  on  a  relative  standalone  selling  price  basis.  The  Company  determines  standalone  selling  price  by considering  the  historical  selling  price  of  these  performance  obligations  in  similar  transactions  as  well  as  other factors, including, but not limited to, the price that customers in the market would be willing to pay, competitive pricing of other vendors, industry publications and current pricing practices, and expected costs of satisfying each performance obligation plus appropriate margin; or by using the residual approach if standalone selling price is not observable, by reference to the total transaction price less the sum of the observable standalone selling prices of other performance obligations promised in the contract.

## Deferred revenue

Deferred  revenue,  which  is  a  contract  liability,  consists  primarily  of  payments  received  in  advance  of  revenue recognition from contracts with customers. For example, development  services and other contracts with biopharmaceutical customers often contain upfront payments which results in the recording of deferred revenue to the  extent  cash  is  received  prior  to  the  Company's  performance  of  the  related  services.  Contract  liabilities  are relieved as the Company performs its obligations under the contract and revenue is consequently recognized. As of December 31, 2022, the deferred revenue balance was $21.2 million, of which $3.8 million is considered long-term and  was  recorded  within  other  long-term  liabilities  on  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets.  As  of December  31,  2021,  the  deferred  revenue  balance  was  $11.3  million.  Revenue  recognized  in  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2021 was $7.6 million, and revenue recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of December 31, 2020 was $8.3 million, respectively.

## Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations

Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenues in future periods. The Company expects to recognize substantially all of the remaining transaction price in the next 1-2 years.

## Costs of Precision Oncology Testing

Cost of precision oncology testing generally consists of cost of materials, cost of labor, including bonus, benefit and stock-based compensation, equipment and infrastructure expenses associated with processing test samples (including sample accessioning, library preparation, sequencing, and quality control analyses), freight, curation of test results for  physicians,  phlebotomy,  and  license  fees  due  to  third  parties.  Infrastructure  expenses  include  depreciation  of laboratory equipment, lease costs, amortization of leasehold improvements, and information technology costs. Costs associated  with  performing  the  Company's  tests  are  recorded  as  the  tests  are  performed  regardless  of  whether revenue was recognized with respect to that test. Royalties for licensed technology calculated as a percentage of revenues  generated  using  the  associated  technology  are  recorded  as  expense  at  the  time  the  related  revenues  are recognized.  One-time  royalty  payments  related  to  signing  of  license  agreements  or  other  milestones,  such  as issuance of new patents, are amortized to expense over the expected useful life of the applicable patent rights.

## Cost of Development Services and Other

Cost  of  development  service  and  other  primarily  includes  costs  incurred  for  the  performance  of  development services requested by the Company's biopharmaceutical customers and other revenues included as noted above. For development  of  new  products,  costs  incurred  before  technological  feasibility  has  been  achieved  are  reported  as research and development expenses, while costs incurred thereafter are reported as cost of development services and other.

## Research and Development Expenses

Research  and  development  expenses  are  comprised  of  costs  incurred  to  develop  technology  and  include compensation and benefits, reagents and supplies used in research and development laboratory work, infrastructure expenses,  including  allocated  facility  occupancy  and  information  technology  costs,  contract  services  and  other outside  costs.  Research  and  development  costs  are  expensed  as  incurred.  Payments  made  prior  to  the  receipt  of goods or services to be used in research and development are deferred and recognized as expense in the period in which  the  related  goods  are  received  or  services  are  rendered.  Costs  to  develop  the  Company's  technology capabilities are recorded as research and development unless they meet the criteria to be capitalized as internal-use software costs.

## Advertising

The  Company  expenses  advertising  costs  as  incurred.  The  Company  incurred  advertising  costs  of  $8.9  million, $2.4 million and $1.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Stock -Based Compensation

Stock -based compensation related to stock options granted to the Company's and the Joint Venture's employees, directors and nonemployees is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The fair value is recognized  as  expense  over  the  requisite  service  period,  which  is  generally  the  vesting  period  of  the  respective awards.  Compensation  expense  for  stock  options  with  performance  metrics  is  calculated  based  upon  expected achievement of the metrics specified in the grant.

The Company uses the Black -Scholes option -pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted under the 2012 Stock Plan, the 2018 Incentive Award Plan, and the Joint Venture's 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, and stock purchase rights granted under the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires  assumptions to be made related to the expected term of an award, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. The board of directors of the Joint Venture determined the fair value of common stock of the Joint Venture. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur.

For market-based restricted stock units,  the  Company derives the requisite  service  period  using  the  Monte  Carlo simulation  model  and  the  related  compensation  expense  is  recognized  over  the  derived  service  period  using  an accelerated attribution model commencing on the grant date. Stock-based compensation expense will be recorded regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved or not. If the related market condition is achieved earlier than  its  estimated  derived  service  period,  the  stock-based  compensation  expense  will  be  accelerated,  and  a cumulative catch-up expense will be recorded during the period in which the market condition is met.

The Company measures the grant date fair value of its service-based and performance-based restricted stock units issued to employees based on the closing market price of the common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units with only service-based vesting conditions, compensation  expense  is recognized  in  the  Company's consolidated statement of operations on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Compensation expense for  restricted  stock  units  with  performance metrics is calculated based upon expected achievement of the metrics specified in the grant, and is recognized in the Company's consolidated statement of operations using an accelerated attribution model over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award.

## Income Taxes

Income taxes are recorded using an asset and liability approach. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets  and  liabilities  and  their  respective  tax  bases  using  enacted  tax  rates  in  effect  for  the  year  in  which  the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Tax benefits are recognized when it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained during an audit. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if current evidence indicates that it is considered more likely than not that these benefits will not be realized.

The  Company's  tax  positions  are  subject  to  income  tax  audits.  The  Company  recognizes  the  tax  benefit  of  an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority,  based  on  the  technical  merits.  The  tax  benefit  recognized  is  measured  as  the  largest  amount  of  benefit which is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest  accrued  and  penalties  related  to  unrecognized  tax  benefits  in  its  tax  provision.  The  Company  evaluates uncertain tax positions on a regular basis. The evaluations are based on a number of factors, including changes in facts and circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of the audit, and effective  settlement  of  audit  issues.  The  provision  for  income  taxes  includes  the  effects  of  any  accruals  that  the Company believes are appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties.

## Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders

The  Company  calculates  basic  net  loss  per  share  attributable  to  common  stockholders  by  dividing  the  net  loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury stock method or the as-if converted method, as appropriate. For purposes of this calculation, stock options, restricted stock units, shares  issuable  pursuant  to  the  employee  stock  purchase  plan,  shares  subject  to  repurchase  from  early  exercised options  and  contingently  issuable  shares  under  the  convertible  senior  notes  are  considered  common  stock equivalents  but  have  been  excluded  from  the  calculation  of  diluted  net  loss  per  share  attributable  to  common stockholders as their effect is anti-dilutive.

## 3. Joint Venture

In  May  2018,  the  Company  and  an  affiliate  of  SoftBank  formed  and  capitalized  the  Joint  Venture  for  the  sale, marketing and distribution  of  the  Company's  tests  generally  outside  the  Americas  and  Europe,  and  to  accelerate commercialization of our products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa.

Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, each party held an approximately 50% ownership interest in the Joint  Venture  and  two  seats  on  the  board  of  the  Joint  Venture.  In  June  2020,  the  board  of  directors  of  the  Joint Venture authorized  the  adoption  of  the  Joint  Venture's  2020  Equity  Incentive  Plan  pursuant  to  which  4,595,555 shares of Class B common stock were reserved for issuance.

## Put-call arrangements

The joint venture agreement included a put-call arrangement with respect to the shares of the Joint Venture held by SoftBank  and  its  affiliates.  Under  certain  specified  circumstances  and  on  terms  specified  in  the  joint  venture agreement, including timely written notice, SoftBank had the right to cause the Company to purchase all shares of the Joint Venture held by SoftBank and its affiliates, or the put right, and the Company had a right to purchase all such shares, or the call right.

Additionally,  each  of  the  Company  and  SoftBank  may  exercise  its  respective  put-call  rights  for  the  Company  to purchase all shares of the Joint Venture held by SoftBank in the event of (i) certain material disagreements relating to the Joint Venture or its business that may seriously affect the ability of the Joint Venture to perform its obligations under the joint venture agreement or may otherwise seriously impair the ability of the Joint Venture to conduct its business in an effective matter, other than one relating to the Joint Venture's business plan or to factual matters that may be capable of expert determination; (ii) the effectiveness of the Company's initial public offering, a change in control  of  the  Company,  the  seventh  anniversary  of  the  formation  of  the  Joint  Venture,  or  each  subsequent anniversary of each of the foregoing events; or (iii) a material breach of the joint venture agreement by the other party that goes unremedied within 20 business days. Unless the shares of the Joint Venture are publicly traded and listed on a nationally recognized stock exchange, the purchase price per share of the Joint Venture in these situations would be determined by a third-party valuation firm on the assumption that the sale is on an arm's-length basis on the date of the put or call notice.

Prior to the completion of the Joint Venture Acquisition in June 2022, the Joint Venture was deemed to be a VIE, and the Company had been identified as the VIE's primary beneficiary. As the primary beneficiary, the Company had  consolidated  the  financial  position,  results  of  operations  and  cash  flows  of  the  Joint  Venture  in  its  financial statements and all intercompany balances had been eliminated in consolidation. The Company had concluded the Joint  Venture  did  not  meet  the  definition  of  a  business  upon  consolidation  as  it  lacked  the  processes  required  to generate outputs. Upon consolidation no liabilities were assumed and other than cash, any identifiable assets were related to intellectual property rights that the Company transferred to the Joint Venture shortly before it became its primary beneficiary and therefore such transfer was treated as a common control transaction.

Prior  to  November  2021,  the  noncontrolling  interest  held  by  SoftBank  contained  embedded  put-call  redemption features that were not solely within the Company's control and had been classified outside of permanent equity in the  consolidated  balance  sheets.  The  put-call  feature  embedded  in  the  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  did  not require  bifurcation  as  it  did  not  meet  the  definition  of  a  derivative  and  was  considered  to  be  clearly  and  closely related  to  the  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest.  The  Company  elected  to  recognize  the  changes  in  redemption value immediately as they occur as if the put-call redemption feature were exercisable at the end of the reporting period. The carrying value of the redeemable noncontrolling interest was first adjusted for the earnings or losses attributable to the redeemable noncontrolling interest based on the percentage of the economic or ownership interest retained in the consolidated VIE by the noncontrolling parties, and then adjusted to equal to its redemption amount, or  the  fair  value  of  the  noncontrolling  interest  held  by  SoftBank,  as  if  the  redemption  occurred  at  the  end  of  the reporting  date.  The  adjustment  of  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  was  recorded  as  an  adjustment  to  net  loss attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common stockholders in the Company's consolidated statement of operations.

In November 2021, the Company exercised its call right contained in the joint venture agreement with SoftBank to purchase  all  of  the  shares  held  by  SoftBank  and  its  affiliates  in  consideration  for  the  payment  of  the  aggregate purchase price to be determined based on an independent third-party valuation. Upon the Company's exercise of the call  right  in  November  2021,  SoftBank  no  longer  had  the  option  to  exercise  its  put  right.  In  connection  with exercising  the  call  right,  the  Company  reclassified  $78.0  million  from  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  to noncontrolling interest liability.

In June 2022, the Company purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for a cash payment of the aggregate purchase price of $177.8 million, which resulted in $99.8 million of fair value adjustments to the noncontrolling interest liability for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## 4. Consolidated Balance Sheet Components

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consist of the following:

| 2022  2021  (in thousands)  Machinery and equipment  .........................................................................................  $  95,764  $  63,022  Leasehold improvements  ........................................................................................  99,781  38,702  Computer hardware  ................................................................................................  29,744  16,685  Construction in progress  (1)  ........................................................................................  20,598  55,873  Furniture and fixtures  .............................................................................................  8,367  3,683  Computer software  .................................................................................................  1,797  1,320  Property and equipment, gross  ........................................................................  $  256,051  $  179,285  Less: accumulated depreciation  ..............................................................................  (88,131)  (54,824)  Property and equipment, net  ...........................................................................  $  167,920  $  124,461  As of December 31,   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, $2.2 million and $45.8 million of construction in progress was related to leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment for the office in Palo Alto, California, respectively. Starting from February 2022, part of the Palo Alto office has been put in service and related construction in progress has been transferred to fixed assets.

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was $33.4 million, $20.2 million and $14.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consist of the following:

| 2022  2021  (in thousands)  Accounts payable  ......................................................................................................  $  68,911  $  38,517  Accrued compensation  ..............................................................................................  55,788  42,496  Operating lease liabilities  ..........................................................................................  21,878  12,856  Others  ........................................................................................................................  29,240  11,492  Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities  ...................................................  $  175,817  $  105,361  As of December 31,   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Fair Value Measurements, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities

Financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses and  other  current  assets,  net,  and  accounts  payable  and  accrued  liabilities.  Cash  equivalents  and  marketable securities are stated at fair value. Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities  are  stated  at  their  carrying  value,  which  approximates  fair  value  due  to  the  short  time  to  the  expected receipt or payment date.

Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received from sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  the  principal  or  most  advantageous  market  for  the  asset  or  liability  in  an  orderly  transaction  between  market participants  on  the  measurement  date.  The  identification  of  market  participant  assumptions  provides  a  basis  for determining  what  inputs  are  to  be  used  for  pricing  each  asset  or  liability.  A  financial  instrument's  classification within  the  fair  value  hierarchy  is  based  upon  the  lowest  level  of  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement.

A fair  value  hierarchy  has  been  established  which  gives  precedence  to  fair  value  measurements  calculated  using observable inputs over those using unobservable inputs. This hierarchy prioritized the inputs into three broad levels as follows:

Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets  or  liabilities;  quoted  prices  in  markets  that  are  not  active;  or  other  inputs  that  are  observable  or  can  be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.

The Company's financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis and the level of inputs used in such measurements were as follows:

December 31, 2022

Level 1

Level 2

(in thousands)

3,104

$

-

3,104

-

-

18,291

21,395

-

-

Financial Assets:

Money market funds

U.S. government debt securities

Total cash equivalents

U.S. government debt securities

Total short-term marketable debt securities

Long-term marketable equity securities

Total

Financial Liabilities:

Contingent consideration

Total

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Fair Value

$

3,104

14,987

18,091

869,584

869,584

18,291

905,966

6,430

6,430

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

-

14,987

14,987

869,584

869,584

-

884,571

-

-

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,430

6,430

| Fair Value  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  (in thousands)  Financial Assets:  Money market funds  $  357,785  $  357,785  $  -  $  -  Total cash equivalents  $  357,785  $  357,785  $  -  $  -  U.S. government debt securities  $  440,546  $  -  $  440,546  $  -  Total short-term marketable debt securities  $  440,546  $  -  $  440,546  $  -  U.S. government debt securities  $  698,034  $  -  $  698,034  $  -  Total long-term marketable debt securities  $  698,034  $  -  $  698,034  $  -  Total  $  1,496,365  $  357,785  $  1,138,580  $  -  Financial Liabilities:  Contingent consideration  $  3,625  $  -  $  -  $  3,625  Total  $  3,625  $  -  $  -  $  3,625  December 31, 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company measures the fair value of money market funds based on quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. U.S. government debt securities are valued taking into consideration valuations obtained from third-party pricing services. The pricing services utilize industry standard valuation models, including both income and marketbased approaches, for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly, to estimate fair value. These  inputs  include  reported  trades  of  and  broker/dealer  quotes  on  the  same  or  similar  securities,  issuer  credit spreads; benchmark securities; prepayment/default projections based on historical data; and other observable inputs.

Level 3

In July 2022, one of the Company's equity investees completed its IPO, subsequent to which, the Company started to account for the investment at fair value on a recurring basis, and classified the investment within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as the investment is valued using the quoted market price. The Company is subject to a 2-year lockup period from the IPO date, during which the Company shall not transfer the investee's shares between accounts, establish or cancel pledges, sell, or withdraw such shares, without approval from the local securities and exchange commission. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of the investment was $18.3 million and $26.1 million, respectively, included in other assets, net, on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

## There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the periods presented.

Acquisition-related contingent consideration is measured at fair value on a quarterly basis and change in estimated contingent consideration to be paid are included in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration is estimated using a multiple-outcome discounted cash flow valuation technique. Contingent consideration is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, as it is based on a probability that includes significant unobservable inputs. The significant unobservable inputs include a probability-weighted estimate of achievement of certain commercialization milestones, and discount rate to present value the expected payments. A significant change in any of these input factors in isolation could have a material impact  to  fair  value  measurement.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  recorded  contingent  consideration liability of $6.4 million, net of payment made in September 2022, of which $4.9 million is considered long-term and was  recorded  within other long-term liabilities on the accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets. As  of December 31, 2021, the Company recorded contingent consideration liability of $3.6 million within other long-term liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

As  of  December  31,  2021,  the  fair  value  of  the  noncontrolling  interest  liability  was  considered  to  be  a  Level  3 measurement  and  was  determined  based  on  an  annual  internal  rate  of  return  of  20%  on  the  initial  amount  of $41.0 million invested by SoftBank in May 2018, to the date of Company's exercising the call right in November 2021. In June 2022, the Company purchased all of the shares held by SoftBank and its affiliates in consideration for the  cash  payment  of  the  aggregate  purchase  price  of  $177.8  million,  which  was  determined  by  an  independent valuation firm using a combination of the income approach with consideration of discounted future cash flows and the  market  approach  with  consideration  of  comparable  publicly  traded  companies.  The  noncontrolling  interest liability was fully paid by June 30, 2022.

The following tables summarize the activities for the Level 3 financial instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Contingent Consideration  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Fair value - beginning of period  $  3,625  $  1,245  $  1,365  Increase (decrease) in fair value  4,305  2,380  (120)  Settlement  (1,500)  -  -  Fair value - end of period  $  6,430  $  3,625  $  1,245   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Noncontrolling Interest  Liability  Redeemable  Noncontrolling Interest  Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Fair value - beginning of period  $  78,000  $  -  $  57,100  $  49,600  Increase in fair value  99,785  -  27,244  12,934  Net loss for the period  -  -  (6,344)  (5,434)  Settlement  (177,785)  -  -  -  Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interest to  noncontrolling interest liability  -  78,000  (78,000)  -  Fair value - end of period  $  -  $  78,000  $  -  $  57,100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company  considers  the  fair  value  of  the  Convertible  Notes  as  of  December  31,  2022  to  be  a  Level  2 measurement. The fair value of the Convertible Notes is primarily affected by the trading price of the Company's common stock and market interest rates. As such, the carrying value of the Convertible Notes does not reflect the market rate. See Note 8, Debt , for additional information related to the fair value of the Convertible Notes.

The following tables summarize the Company's cash equivalents and marketable debt securities' amortized costs, gross unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and estimated fair values by significant investment category:

| Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gain  Gross  Unrealized  Loss  Estimated Fair  Value  (in thousands)  Money market fund  $  3,104  $  -  $  -  $  3,104  U.S. government debt securities  901,342  8  (16,779)  884,571  Total  $  904,446  $  8  $  (16,779)  $  887,675  December 31, 2022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Amortized  Cost  Gross  Unrealized  Gain  Gross  Unrealized  Loss  Estimated Fair  Value  (in thousands)  Money market fund  $  357,785  $  -  $  -  $  357,785  U.S. government debt securities  1,142,172  2  (3,594)  1,138,580  Total  $  1,499,957  $  2  $  (3,594)  $  1,496,365  December 31, 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the estimated fair values and gross unrealized losses of the Company's marketable debt securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022. None of the Company's investments  in  marketable  debt  securities  had  been  in  an  unrealized  loss  position  for  more  than  one  year  as  of December 31, 2021.

| December 31, 2022  Less Than 12 Months  12 Months or Greater  Total  Estimated  Fair Value  Gross  Unrealized  Loss  Estimated  Fair Value  Gross  Unrealized  Loss  Estimated  Fair Value  Gross  Unrealized  Loss  (in thousands)  U.S. government debt  securities  .......................  $  170,975  $  (2,958)  $  685,754  $  (13,821)  $  856,729  $  (16,779)  Total  .......................  $  170,975  $  (2,958)  $  685,754  $  (13,821)  $  856,729  $  (16,779)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There have been no material realized gains or losses on marketable debt securities for the periods presented. The Company determined that it did have the ability and intent to hold all marketable debt securities that have been in a continuous loss position until maturity or recovery and the loss position was temporary due to market volatility, thus there has been no recognition of credit losses in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The  Company  recorded  $7.8  million  unrealized  losses  on  marketable  equity  securities  for  the  year  ended December  31,  2022,  included  in  other  income  (expense),  net  on  the  accompanying  consolidated  statement  of operations. The Company did not record any unrealized gains or losses on marketable equity securities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## 6. Patent License Acquisition

In January 2017, the Company entered into a license agreement with a biotechnology company, KeyGene N.V., or KeyGene. An arbitration  was  initiated  between  the  parties  in  2018.  In  March  2020,  the  Company  and  KeyGene entered  into  a  settlement  and  patent  license  agreement,  or  the  SPLA,  to  resolve  the  dispute  and  to  acquire  an extended  worldwide  non-exclusive  license  to  certain  patent  rights  with  respect  to  KeyGene's  Next  Generation Sequencing technologies along with certain covenant rights and research and development technology for a one-time payment of $18.5 million, ending all future royalty obligations to KeyGene. This transaction was accounted for as an asset  acquisition  as  the  purchase  did  not  meet  the  definition  of  a  business.  The  total  consideration,  including $0.6 million of certain capitalizable transaction costs, was allocated to various components of the SPLA.

The Company allocated $9.4 million to the patent and covenant rights granted under the SPLA, which have useful lives  in  the  range  of  6-12  years.  The  Company  allocated  $8.5  million  to  IPR&amp;D  technology,  which  have  no alternative  future  use  and  was  included  in  research  and  development  expenses  for  the  year  ended  December  31, 2020. The remaining $1.2 million was allocated to the settlement of the prior dispute between the parties and was included in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020.

## 7. Intangible Assets, Net and Goodwill

The following table presents details of purchased intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| December 31, 2022  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Amount  Remaining  Weighted-  Average  Useful Life  (in thousands)  (in years)  Intangible assets subject to amortization:  ................  Acquired license  ..................................................  $  11,886  $  (3,579)  $  8,307  7.8  Non-compete agreements and other covenant  rights  ..............................................................  5,100  (2,747)  2,353  2.9  Acquired technology  ...........................................  1,600  (533)  1,067  1.4  Total intangible assets subject to  amortization  ..............................................  18,586  (6,859)  11,727  Intangible assets not subject to amortization:  ..........  Goodwill  .............................................................  3,290  -  3,290  Total purchased intangible assets  ..............  $  21,876  $  (6,859)  $  15,017   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Carrying  Amount  Remaining  Weighted-  Average  Useful Life  (in thousands)  (in years)  Intangible assets subject to amortization:  ................  Acquired license  ..................................................  $  11,886  $  (2,473)  $  9,413  8.8  Non-compete agreements and other covenant  rights  ...................................................................  5,100  (1,906)  3,194  3.9  Total intangible assets subject to  amortization  ..............................................  16,986  (4,379)  12,607  Intangible assets not subject to amortization:  ..........  IPR&amp;D  ................................................................  1,600  -  1,600  Goodwill  .............................................................  3,290  -  3,290  Total purchased intangible assets  ..............  $  21,876  $  (4,379)  $  17,497   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization of finite-lived intangible assets was $2.5 million, $1.9 million and $1.8 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The following table summarizes estimated future amortization expense of finite-lived intangible assets, net:

| Year Ending December 31,  (in thousands)  2023  2,747  2024  2,219  2025  1,670  2026  1,212  2027  1,107  2028 and thereafter  2,772  Total  $  11,727   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Debt

## Convertible Senior Notes

In  November 2020, the Company issued $1.15 billion principal amount of its  0%  Convertible  Senior  Notes  due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. The 2027 Notes do not bear interest, and the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. However, special interest and additional interest may accrue on the 2027 Notes at a rate per annum not exceeding 0.50% (subject to certain exceptions) upon the occurrence of certain events such as the failure to file certain reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, or to remove certain restrictive legends from the Notes. The Notes will mature on November 15, 2027, unless repurchased, redeemed or converted earlier.

Before August 15, 2027, holders of the 2027 Notes will have the right to convert their 2027 Notes only under the following circumstances:

- during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2021, if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock exceeds 130% of the  conversion  price  for  each  of  at  least  20  trading  days  (whether  or  not  consecutive)  during  the  30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, or the sale price condition;
- during the five consecutive business days immediately after any ten consecutive trading day period, or the measurement period, if the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period is less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; or
- upon the occurrence of specified corporate events

From  and  after  August  15,  2027,  holders  of  the  2027  Notes  may  convert  their  2027  Notes  at  any  time  at  their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date.

The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of its common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company's election.

The initial conversion rate is 7.1523 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2027 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $139.82 per share of common stock. The conversion rate and conversion  price  will  be  subject  to  customary  adjustments  upon  the  occurrence  of  certain  events.  In  addition,  if certain corporate events that constitute a 'Make-Whole Fundamental Change' occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time.

The Company may not redeem the 2027 Notes at its option at any time before November 20, 2024. The Notes will be  redeemable,  in  whole  or  in  part,  at  the  Company's  option  at  any  time,  and  from  time  to  time,  on  or  after November 20, 2024 and on or before the 25th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date, but only if the last reported sale price per share of  the  Company's  common  stock  exceeds  130%  of  the  conversion  price  on  (i)  each  of  at  least  20  trading  days, whether  or  not  consecutive,  during  the  30  consecutive  trading  days  ending  on,  and  including,  the  trading  day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. In addition, calling any Note for redemption will constitute a MakeWhole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption.

If  certain corporate events that constitute a 'Fundamental Change' occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, holders of Notes may require the Company to repurchase their 2027 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest and additional interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company's common stock.

Since the 2027 Notes were not convertible as of December 31, 2022, the net carrying amount of the 2027 Notes was classified as a long-term liability.

The following table sets forth the net carrying amounts of the 2027 Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)  Liability component:  Principal  $  1,150,000  $  1,150,000  Less: debt issuance costs, net of amortization  (12,609)  (15,179)  Net carrying amount  $  1,137,391  $  1,134,821   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes was $0.7 billion and $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the closing trading price per $100 of the 2027 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period.

The following table sets forth interest expense recognized related to the Notes:

| For the Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Amortization of debt discount  $  -  $  -  $  4,593  Amortization of debt issuance costs  2,569  2,564  136  Total interest expense recognized  $  2,569  $  2,564  $  4,729  Effective interest rate of the liability component  0.2 %  0.2 %  5.2 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note Hedges

To minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the 2027 Notes, the Company entered into convertible note hedge transactions, or the 2027 Note Hedges, with respect to its common stock concurrent with the issuance of the Notes. The 2027 Note Hedges cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common  stock  initially  underlying  the  Notes.  The  strike  price  of  the  2027  Note  Hedges  will  initially  be approximately  $182.60  per  share,  which  represents  a  premium  of  75%  over  the  last  reported  sale  price  of  the Company's common stock of $104.34 per share on November 16, 2020, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the 2027 Note Hedges.

The  2027  Note  Hedges  will  expire  upon  maturity  of  the  2027  Notes.  The  2027  Note  Hedges  are  separate transactions and are not part of the terms of the 2027 Notes. Holders of the 2027 Notes will not have any rights with respect  to  the  2027  Note  Hedges.  The  shares  receivable  related  to  the  2027  Note  Hedges  are  excluded  from  the calculation of diluted earnings per share as they are anti-dilutive.

As these transactions meet certain accounting criteria, the 2027 Note Hedges are recorded in stockholders' equity and are not accounted for as derivatives. The Company paid an aggregate amount of $90.0 million for the 2027 Note Hedges, which has been recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and will not be remeasured.

## 9. Leases

The Company has entered into various operating lease agreements for office space, data center, lab and warehouse use, with remaining terms ranging from 1 year to 11 years some of which include one or more options to renew. As leases approach maturity, the Company considers various factors such as market conditions and the terms of any renewal options that may exist to determine whether it will renew the lease, as such, the Company does not include renewal  options  in  its  lease  terms  for  calculating  its  lease  liability,  as  the  renewal  options  allow  it  to  maintain operational flexibility and the Company is not reasonably certain it will exercise these renewal options at the time of the lease commencement. In July 2020, the Company entered into two lease agreements for additional office space in  Palo  Alto,  California,  or  the  Palo  Alto  Lease,  and  in  San  Diego,  California,  or  the  San  Diego  Lease.  The  San Diego Lease has a term of 8 years with rent payments commencing in May 2022.  The Palo Alto Lease has a term of 12 years with an option to renew the lease term for an additional 10 years which has not been considered in the determination of ROU or the lease liability as the Company does not consider it reasonably certain of exercising the renewal option. After the initial payment of $0.9 million in February 2022, the remaining rent payments for the Palo Alto Lease commenced in July 2022. Both leases consist of fixed and variable payments and are being accounting for as operating leases. The Company took possession of these facilities in March 2021.  The Company estimated the incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of lease payments for the San Diego and Palo Alto leases using trading data of the Company's convertible debt adjusted for credit rating and market yield curves.

Operating lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was $28.6 million, $24.7 million and  $5.6  million,  respectively,  which  includes  both  lease  and  non-lease  components  (primarily  common  area maintenance charges and property taxes).

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)  9.1  10.0  Weighted-average discount rate  3.93 %  4.01 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  summarizes  the  Company's  future  principal  contractual  obligations  for  operating  lease commitments as of December 31, 2022:

| (in thousands)  2023  $  30,361  2024  32,856  2025  32,220  2026  27,715  2027  24,479  2028 and thereafter  125,157  Total operating lease payments  $  272,788  Less: imputed interest  (40,895)  Total operating lease liabilities  $  231,893  Year Ending December 31,   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Finance leases are not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## 10. Commitments and Contingencies

## License Agreements

The Company has patent license agreements with four different parties. Under these agreements, the Company has made one-time upfront and milestone payments, which it has capitalized and is amortizing to expense ratably over the useful life of the underlying patent right(s). Under some of these agreements, the Company is obligated to pay low single-digit percentage running royalties on net sales where the licensed patent right(s) are used in the product or service sold, subject to minimum annual royalties or fees in certain agreements.

Royalty expenses were included in cost of precision oncology testing on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognized royalty expenses of $0.7 million, $0.7 million and $1.1 million, or 0.2%, 0.2% and 0.4% of precision oncology testing revenue in each period, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Indemnification Agreements

The  Company  has  entered  into  indemnification  agreements  with  certain  directors  and  officers  that  require  the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service  as  directors  or  officers.  To  date,  no  such  matters  have  arisen  and  the  Company  does  not  believe  that  the outcome  of  any  claims  under  indemnification  arrangements  will  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  its  financial positions, results of operations or cash flows. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded a liability related to such indemnifications as of December 31, 2022.

## Legal Proceedings

In  addition  to  commitments  and  obligations  incurred  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  from  time  to  time  the Company may be subject to a variety of claims and legal proceedings, including claims from customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, governmental investigations and other matters. For example, the Company has received, and may in the future continue to receive letters, claims or complaints from others alleging false advertising, patent infringement, violation of employment practices and trademark infringement. The Company has  also  instituted,  and  may  in  the  future  institute,  additional  legal  proceedings  to  enforce  its  rights  and  seek remedies,  such  as  monetary  damages,  injunctive  relief  and  declaratory  relief.  The  Company  cannot  predict  the results of any such disputes, and despite the potential outcomes, the existence thereof may have an adverse material impact on the Company because of diversion of management time and attention as well as the financial costs related to resolving such disputes.

The Company and its affiliates are parties to the legal claims and proceedings described below. The Company is vigorously defending itself against those claims and in those proceedings. Significant developments in those matters are described below. If the Company is unsuccessful in defending, or if it determines to settle, any of these matters, it may be required to pay substantial sums, be subject to injunction and/or be forced to change how it operates its business, which could have a material adverse impact on its financial position or results of operations.

Unless otherwise stated, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the loss or a range of possible loss for the matters described below. Often, it is not reasonably possible for the Company to determine that a loss is probable for a claim, or to reasonably estimate the amount of loss or a range of loss, because of the limited information available and  the  potential  effects  of  future  events  and  decisions  by  third  parties,  such  as  courts  and  regulators,  that  will determine the ultimate resolution of the claim. Many of the matters described are at preliminary stages, raise novel theories of liability or seek an indeterminate amount of damages. It is not uncommon for claims to be resolved over a  number  of  years.  The  Company  reviews  loss  contingencies  at  least  quarterly  to  determine  whether  the  loss probability has changed and whether it can make a reasonable estimate of the possible loss or range of loss. When the Company determines that a loss from a claim is probable and reasonably estimable, it records a liability in the amount of its estimate for the ultimate loss. The Company also provides disclosure when it is reasonably possible that  a  loss  may  be  incurred  or  when  it  is  reasonably  possible  that  the  amount  of  a  loss  will  exceed  its  recorded liability.

## Intellectual Property Disputes

In August 2021, TwinStrand Biosciences, Inc., or TwinStrand Biosciences, and the University of Washington filed a patent infringement suit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that the Company infringes  U.S.  Patent  Nos.  10,287,631;  10,689,699;  10,752,951;  and  10,760,127.  The  Company  answered  the complaint in October 2021, denying TwinStrand Biosciences' allegations and asserted counterclaims of invalidity, unenforceability due to inequitable conduct and infringement of four of the Company's patents. Discovery in the case is ongoing and trial is scheduled to commence in November 2023.

In March 2022, Illumina Inc., or Illumina, filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against  the  Company  and  its  Co-Chief  Executive  Officers,  Drs.  Helmy  Eltoukhy  and  AmirAli  Talasaz,  or collectively,  the  Defendants,  alleging  that  Illumina  is  the  owner  of  certain  of  the  Company's  patents  and  patent applications, and that the Defendants allegedly misappropriated Illumina trade secrets. Illumina also alleges that Drs. Eltoukhy and Talasaz breached various Illumina employment contracts, company policies, and implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing as part of their former employment with Illumina prior to starting the Company. Illumina is requesting unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, attorneys' fees, and specific performance in the form of a declaration of ownership and assignment of intellectual property filed for or obtained by the Defendants that derives  from  the  alleged  misuse  of  Illumina  confidential  information.  The  Defendants  deny  the  allegations  of misconduct,  and  have  moved  to  dismiss  the  complaint,  and  discovery  has  been  stayed  pending  resolution  of  the Company's motion.

## False Advertising Dispute

In May 2021, the Company also filed a lawsuit against Natera, Inc., or Natera, in the United States District Court for the  Northern  District  of  California,  wherein  the  Company  alleged  that  Natera  is  misleading  healthcare  providers about the performance of the Company's new oncology test, Guardant Reveal, by suggesting the test is inaccurate and/or insensitive, and inferior to Natera's Signatera assay.  The Company is seeking an injunction to prevent Natera from continuing to make false and misleading statements and to require Natera to take corrective actions. Natera has asserted  counterclaims  of  false  and  misleading  statements,  false  advertising,  unlawful  trade  practices  and  unfair competition. The Company moved to dismiss Natera's counterclaims, and in January 2022, the court granted in part and  denied  in  part  the  Company's  motion  to  dismiss.  The  Company  and  Natera  have  both  moved  for  summary judgment on various claims and the motions are pending. Trial is scheduled to commence in July 2023.

## Civil Investigative Demand

In January 2022, the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand, or CID, from the United States Attorney for the Northern District of California in connection with an investigation under the False Claims Act. The CID requests information and documents regarding billing of government-funded programs for the Company's panel of genetic tests known as Guardant360. The Company is fully cooperating with the investigation. At this time, the Company is unable to predict the outcome of this investigation.

## 11. Common Stock

The Company's common stockholders are entitled to dividends if and when declared by the Company's Board of Directors, or the Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no dividends on the Company's common stock had been declared by the Board of Directors.

The Company's common stock has been reserved for the following potential future issuances:

| 2022  2021  Shares underlying outstanding stock options  3,402,574  2,624,974  Shares underlying unvested restricted stock units  3,687,888  1,498,553  Market-based restricted stock units  ...........................................................................  2,260,764  2,260,764  Performance-based restricted stock units  ..................................................................  341,713  374,596  Shares available for issuance under the 2018 Incentive Award Plan  5,438,296  5,231,624  Shares available for issuance under the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  1,118,311  1,426,264  Total  ..............................................................................................................  16,249,546  13,416,775  As of December 31,   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Follow-on Offering

In June 2020, the Company completed an underwritten public offering, in which it issued and sold 4,312,500 shares of  its  common stock at a price of $84.00 per share. The Company received net proceeds of $354.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company.

## 12. Stock-Based Compensation

## 2012 Stock Plan and 2018 Incentive Award Plan

In June 2012 and September 2018, the Company's Board of Directors adopted and its stockholders approved the Company's 2012 Stock Plan, or as amended and restated, the 2012 Plan, and the Company's 2018 Incentive Award Plan, or the 2018 Plan, respectively, under which the Company may grant cash and equity incentive awards such as stock options, restricted shares, stock units and stock appreciation rights to its employees and non-employees. Stock options granted may be either incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock options. Shares issued under the 2018 Plan  may  be  authorized  but  unissued  shares,  or  shares  purchased  in  the  open  market  or  treasury  shares.  Upon effectiveness  of  the  2018  Plan  in  connection  with  the  IPO  in  October  2018,  the  2012  Plan  was  terminated  and 508,847 shares reserved under the 2012 Plan were forfeited. Any outstanding awards granted under the 2012 Plan remain outstanding, subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan and applicable award agreement, and further cancellation of awards granted under the 2012 Plan are not available for grant in the future. No further grants will be made under the 2012 Plan.

## Stock Option Activity

A summary of the Company's stock option activity under the 2012 Plan and the 2018 Plan and related information is as follows:

| Shares  Available for  Grant  Shares  Subject to  Options  Outstanding  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  (in thousands)  Balance as of January 1, 2020  2,726,225  4,494,889  $  10.90  7.7  $  306,392  2018 Plan annual increase  (1)  3,689,000  -  Granted  (127,590)  127,590  81.78  Exercised  -  (1,446,843)  6.59  Canceled  20,370  (74,455)  12.13  Restricted stock units granted  (823,454)  -  Restricted stock units canceled  103,742  -  Market-based restricted stock units  granted  (3,391,148)  -  Performance-based restricted stock  units granted  (377,922)  -  Balance as of December 31, 2020  1,819,223  3,101,181  15.80  6.9  350,670  2018 Plan annual increase (1)  3,689,000  -  Granted  (345,774)  345,774  119.82  Exercised  -  (693,074)  11.19  Canceled  65,523  (128,907)  47.51  Restricted stock units granted  (873,916)  -  Restricted stock units canceled  315,988  -  Market-based restricted stock units  canceled  558,254  -  Performance-based restricted stock  units granted  (52,917)  -  Performance-based restricted stock  units canceled  56,243  -  Balance as of December 31, 2021  5,231,624  2,624,974  29.17  6.5  193,014  2018 Plan annual increase (1)  3,689,000  -  Granted  (1,051,466)  1,051,466  44.86  Granted in connection with the Joint  Venture Acquisition  (15,128)  15,128  4.90  Exercised  -  (228,311)  6.29  Canceled  56,391  (60,683)  90.84  Restricted stock units granted  (2,995,533)  -  Restricted stock units canceled  490,525  -  Performance-based restricted stock  units granted  (26,935)  -  Performance-based restricted stock  units canceled  59,818  -  Balance as of December 31, 2022  5,438,296  3,402,574  $  34.34  6.8  $  39,749  Vested and Exercisable as of  December 31, 2022  2,056,695  $  19.88  5.2  $  38,837  Options Outstanding   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Effective as of January 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022, an additional 3,689,000 shares of common stock became available for issuance under the 2018 Plan, as a result of the operation of an automatic annual increase provision therein.

Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised was $12.2  million,  $83.5  million  and  $120.0  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020, respectively.

The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted was $28.61, $70.25 and $48.99 per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Future  stock-based  compensation  for  unvested  options  as  of  December  31,  2022  was  $45.0  million,  which  is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.

On December 31, 2020,  the  Company  modified  one  of  the  performance  based  awards  issued  to  a  nonemployee which resulted in reversal of expense of $0.7 million due to options not vested. There was no such modification in 2022 and 2021.

## Restricted Stock Units

A  summary  of  the  Company's  restricted  stock  unit  activity  excluding  the  performance-based  and  market-based restricted stock units under the 2012 Plan and the 2018 Plan and related information is as follows:

| Restricted Stock  Units  Outstanding  Weighted-Average  Grant Date Fair  Value  Balance as of January 1, 2020  496,131  82.08  Granted  823,454  96.39  Vested and released  (97,188)  81.43  Canceled  (103,742)  79.72  Balance as of December 31, 2020  1,118,655  92.89  Granted  873,916  123.36  Vested and released  (178,030)  92.14  Canceled  (315,988)  97.79  Balance as of December 31, 2021  1,498,553  109.72  Granted  2,902,217  45.04  Granted in connection with the Joint Venture Acquisition  93,316  38.24  Vested and released  (315,673)  96.36  Canceled  (490,525)  90.52  Balance as of December 31, 2022  3,687,888  $  60.70   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Future stock-based compensation for unvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 was $190.4 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.0 years.

## Performance-based Restricted Stock Units

Since November 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors started to approve, and the Company started  to  grant  performance-based  restricted  stock  units,  or  PSUs,  under  the  2018  Plan.  The  PSUs  granted  to employees consist of financial and operational metrics to be met over a performance period of 1.5 years to 4 years and an additional service period requirement of six months to one year after the performance metrics are met. The PSUs granted to a consultant consistent of operational metrics to be met over a performance period of 4 years. The PSUs are expected to be expensed over a period of approximately 2.5 years to 4.5 years  subject  to  meeting  the respective performance metrics and service requirements. As of December 31, 2022, a significant portion of these PSUs  are  not  expected  to  achieve  the  related  performance  metrics,  and  therefore,  no  stock-based  compensation expense was recorded for the PSUs that were not probable to vest.

A  summary  of  the  Company's  performance-based  restricted  stock  unit  activity  under  the  2018  Plan  and  related information is as follows:

| Performance-  based Restricted  Stock Units  Outstanding  Weighted-  Average Grant  Date Fair Value  Balance as of January 1, 2020  ..........................................................................  -  $  -  Granted  .........................................................................................................  377,922  113.40  Balance as of December 31, 2020  ....................................................................  377,922  113.40  Granted  .........................................................................................................  52,917  135.94  Canceled  .......................................................................................................  (56,243)  113.40  Balance as of December 31, 2021  ....................................................................  374,596  116.58  Granted  .........................................................................................................  26,935  37.50  Canceled  .......................................................................................................  (59,818)  114.94  Balance as of December 31, 2022  ....................................................................  341,713  $  110.64   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stock-based compensation recorded for the PSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $1.3 million, $1.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Future stock-based compensation for unvested PSUs that are probable to vest as of December 31, 2022 was $2.9 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weightedaverage period of 2.1 years.

## Market-based Restricted Stock Units

In May 2020, the Board of Directors approved and granted 1,695,574 market-based restricted stock units, or MSUs, under the 2018 Plan to each of the Company's Co-Chief Executive Officers, which is subject to the achievement of market-based share price goals established by the Board of Directors. The MSUs consist of three separate tranches and the  vesting  of  each  tranche  is  subject  to  the  Company's  common  stock  closing  price  being  maintained  at  or above a predetermined share price goal for a period of 30 consecutive calendar days. The share price goal can be met any time during the seven-year performance period from the date of grant. Upon vesting, the MSUs must be held for a period of six to twelve months depending on the time of vesting within the seven-year performance period. The vesting of the MSUs can also be triggered upon a change in control event and achievement of a certain change in control price goal, or when there is a qualifying termination or in the event of death or disability. Any MSUs that remain  unvested  at  the  end  of  the  seven-year  performance  period  will  automatically  be  forfeited  and  terminated without further consideration. The following table presents additional information relating to each MSU award:

| Tranche  Price Goal  Number of  RSUs  Tranche 1  $120 per share  565,192  Tranche 2  $150 per share  565,191  Tranche 3  $200 per share  565,191   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The grant date fair values of the MSUs were determined using a Monte Carlo valuation model for each tranche. The related stock-based compensation expense for each tranche is recognized based on an accelerated attribution method over the estimated derived service period. If the related share price goal is achieved earlier than its expected derived service period, the stock-based compensation expense will be recognized as a cumulative catch-up expense from the grant date to that point in time in achieving the share price goal. The derived service period is the median duration of the successful stock price paths to meet the price goal for each tranche as simulated in the Monte Carlo valuation model.  The Monte Carlo valuation model uses assumptions such as volatility, risk-free interest rate, cost of equity and dividend estimated for the performance period of the MSU. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the MSUs was $67.00 per share and the weighted-average derived service period was estimated to be in the range of 0.83 - 2.07 years.

On January 1, 2021, Tranche 1 of the MSUs became vested because it had met both service requirement and marketbased performance metrics as the predetermined share price goal of $120 per share was achieved for a period of 30 consecutive calendar days. A summary of the Company's market-based restricted stock unit activity under the 2018 Plan and related information is as follows:

| Market-based  Restricted Stock  Units  Outstanding  Weighted-  Average Grant  Date Fair Value  Balance as of January 1, 2020  ..........................................................................  -  $  -  Granted  .........................................................................................................  3,391,148  67.00  Balance as of December 31, 2020  ....................................................................  3,391,148  67.00  Vested and released  ......................................................................................  (572,130)  70.58  Canceled  (1)  ...................................................................................................  (558,254)  70.58  Balance as of December 31, 2021  ....................................................................  2,260,764  65.20  Balance as of December 31, 2022  ....................................................................  2,260,764  $  65.20   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Represented shares withheld by the Company for MSU holders' tax obligation upon release of vested MSUs.

No  MSUs  were  granted,  vested  or  canceled  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  The  MSUs  were  fully expensed as of June 30, 2022. Stock-based compensation for the MSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $16.1 million, $99.2 million and $111.9 million, respectively, which was recorded in general and  administrative  expenses  on  the  accompanying  consolidated  statement  of  operations.  Any  MSUs  that  remain unvested at the end of the seven-year performance period will automatically be forfeited and terminated without further consideration.

## AMEA 2020 Equity Incentive Plan

In August 2020, the board of directors of the Joint Venture approved its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, or the AMEA 2020 Plan, under which the Joint Venture may grant equity incentive awards such as stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights and cash-based awards to its employees and non-employees. Stock options granted may be either incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted  only  to  employees  of  the  Joint  Venture  or  its  affiliates.  Nonstatutory  stock  options  may  be  granted  to employees, directors and non-employee consultants. Stock options may be granted at an exercise price of not less than the fair market value of the Joint Venture's common stock on the date of grant, determined by the board of directors of the Joint Venture. Options generally vest over 4 years and expire as determined by the board of directors of  the  Joint  Venture,  provided  that  the  term  of  options  may  not  exceed  10  years  from  the  date  of  grant.  For individuals holding more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Joint Venture, the exercise price of an option will not be less than 110% of the fair market value of the Joint Venture's common stock on the date of grant, and the term of the option will not exceed 5 years. A total of 4,595,555 shares of the Joint Venture's Class B common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the AMEA 2020 Plan, and the number of shares may be increased in accordance with the terms of the AMEA 2020 Plan.

In June 2022, in connection with the Joint Venture Acquisition, the Company issued a tender offer to purchase the Joint Venture's Class B common stock issued and issuable upon exercise of vested Joint Venture's stock options, at a price of $4.44 per share determined pursuant to an independent valuation. In July 2022, the Company settled the tender  offer  with  the  39  grantees  for  a  total  amount  of  $13.7  million.  In  addition,  in  connection  with  the  Joint Venture  Acquisition,  the  unvested  Joint  Venture's  stock  options  were  cancelled  and  such  grantees  received replacement awards covering a number of shares of the Company's common stock. The replacement awards, valued at $4.1 million, are subject to the same vesting schedule that applied to the unvested Joint Venture's stock option immediately  prior  to  the  close  of  the  Joint  Venture  Acquisition  transaction,  to  be  recognized  over  a  weightedaverage period of 2.2 years.  The  Company accounted for this as a modification which resulted in an immaterial incremental stock-based compensation expense. After the settlement of the tender offer in July 2022, the Company cancelled the AMEA 2020 Plan.

A summary of the Joint Venture's stock option activity under the AMEA 2020 Plan and related information is as follows:

| Shares authorized  4,595,555  -  -  Granted  (4,062,224)  4,062,224  0.58  Canceled  8,889  (8,889)  0.58  Balance as of December 31, 2020  542,220  4,053,335  0.58  9.6  -  Granted  (826,667)  826,667  0.58  Exercised  -  (602,408)  0.58  Canceled  625,375  (625,375)  0.58  Balance as of December 31, 2021  340,928  3,652,219  0.58  8.8  -  Exercised  -  (2,051,645)  0.58  Canceled  82,407  (82,407)  0.58  Canceled in connection with the  Joint Venture Acquisition  (423,335)  (1,518,167)  0.58  Balance as of December 31, 2022  -  -  $  -  0.0  $  -  Vested and Exercisable as of  December 31, 2022  -  $  -  0.0  $  -  Options Outstanding  Shares  Available for  Grant  Shares  Subject to  Options  Outstanding  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life (Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic Value  (in thousands)  Balance as of January 1, 2020  -  -  $  -  0.0  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No stock options were granted under the AMEA 2020 Plan for the year ended December 31, 2022. The weightedaverage grant date fair value of options granted under the AMEA 2020 Plan was $0.33 and $0.33 per share for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Stock -Based Compensation Expense

The following table presents the effect of employee and non -employee related stock -based compensation expense including the Joint Venture:

| 2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Cost of precision oncology testing  $  5,498  $  3,468  $  1,839  Research and development expense  26,630  18,907  10,024  Sales and marketing expense  25,442  15,479  9,279  General and administrative expense  37,115  113,595  122,971  Total stock-based compensation expense  $  94,685  $  151,449  $  144,113  Year Ended December 31,   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Valuation of Stock Options

The  grant  date  fair  value  of  stock  options  was  estimated  using  a  Black-Scholes  option-pricing  model  with  the following weighted-average assumptions including the Joint Venture:

| 2022  2021  2020  Expected term (in years)  5.50 - 6.10  5.49 - 6.06  5.50 - 6.10  Expected volatility  63.3% - 67.6%  63.6% - 66.7%  63.6% - 73.3%  Risk-free interest rate  1.9% - 4.4%  0.3% - 1.3%  0.3% - 1.6%  Expected dividend yield  -%  -%  -%  Year Ended December 31,   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model is  affected  by  the  estimated  fair  value  of  common  stock  of  the  Company  and  the  Joint  Venture,  as  well  as assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally require significant judgment to determine. The valuation assumptions were determined as follows:

## Fair Value of Common Stock

The  fair  value  of  the  Company's  common  stock  is  determined  by  the  closing  price,  on  the  date  of  grant,  of  its common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The grant date fair value of the Joint Venture's common stock was determined by the board of directors of the Joint Venture. The grant date fair value of the Joint Venture's common stock was determined using valuation methodologies which utilize certain assumptions including probability  weighting  of  events,  volatility,  time  to  liquidation,  a  risk-free  interest  rate  and  an  assumption  for  a discount  for  lack  of  marketability.  In  determining  the  fair  value  of  the  Joint  Venture's  common  stock,  the methodologies  used  to  estimate  the  enterprise  value  of  the  Joint  Venture  were  performed  using  methodologies, approaches, and assumptions consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation .

## Expected Term

The expected term represents the period that the options granted are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term) as the Company has concluded that its stock option exercise history does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term.

## Expected Volatility

Prior to the commencement of trading of the Company's common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 4, 2018 in connection with the IPO, there was no active trading market for the Company's common stock. Due to limited historical data for the trading of the Company's common stock, expected volatility is estimated based on  the  average  volatility  for  comparable  publicly  traded  peer  group  companies  in  the  same  industry  plus  the Company's  expected  volatility  for  the  available  periods.  The  comparable  companies  are  chosen  based  on  their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty.

The Joint Venture derived the expected volatility from the average historical volatility over a period approximately equal to the expected term of comparable publicly traded companies within its peer group that were deemed to be representative of future stock price trends as the Joint Venture did not have any trading history for its common stock.

## Risk-Free Interest Rate

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate, with maturities similar to the expected term of the stock options.

## Expected Dividend Yield

The  Company  and  the  Joint  Venture  does  not  anticipate  paying  any  dividends  in  the  foreseeable  future  and, therefore, uses an expected dividend yield of zero.

## Valuation of MSUs

The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  MSUs  was  determined  using  a  Monte  Carlo  simulation  model.  The  valuation assumptions used were substantially consistent with the assumption used to value stock options with the exception of the following:

## Expected Volatility

Due to limited historical data for the trading of the Company's common stock, expected volatility is estimated based on the average volatility  for  comparable  publicly  traded  peer  group  companies  and  implied  volatility  of  publicly traded options in the same industry plus the Company's expected volatility for the available periods. The comparable companies are chosen based on their similar size, stage in the life cycle or area of specialty.

## Expected Term

The expected term represents the derived service period for the respective tranches which has been estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation model.

## Risky Rate

The risky rate represents the Company's cost of equity.

## Discount for Lack of Marketability

The discount for lack of marketability represents the discount applied for post vest term restrictions and has been derived using the Monte Carlo simulation model.

The  following  assumptions  were  used  to  calculate  the  stock-based  compensation  for  MSUs:  a  weighted-average expected term of 0.83 - 2.07 years; expected volatility of 65.5%; a risk-free interest rate of 0.53%; a zero dividend yield; a risky rate (cost of equity) of 16%; and a discount for post-vesting restrictions of 10.4% - 14.5%.

## 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In September 2018, the Company's Board of Directors adopted and its stockholders approved the 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP. A total of 922,250 shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. Effective as of January 1, 2020, an additional 942,614 shares of common stock became available for issuance under the ESPP.

Subject  to  any  plan  limitations,  the  ESPP  allows  eligible  employees  to  contribute,  normally  through  payroll deductions, up to 10% of their earnings for the purchase of the Company's common stock at a discounted price per share. The price at which common stock is purchased under the ESPP is equal to 85% of the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the first or last day of the offering period, whichever is lower. The ESPP provides for separate six-month offering periods beginning on May 15 and November 15 of each year.

Shares  of  common  stock  purchased  under  the  ESPP  were  307,953,  110,227  and  96,040,  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total compensation expense related to the ESPP was $4.6 million, $3.5 million and $3.0 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The fair value of the stock purchase right granted under the ESPP was estimated on the first day of each offering period using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The valuation assumptions used were substantially consistent with the assumption used to value stock options with the exception of the expected term which was based on the term of each purchase period.

The grant date fair value of the stock purchase right granted under the ESPP was estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Expected term (in years)  0.50  0.50  0.50  Expected volatility  81.8% - 92.0%  46.5% - 50.8%  45.7% - 73.2%  Risk-free interest rate  1.5% - 4.5%  -% - 0.1%  0.1% - 0.2%  Expected dividend yield  -%  -%  -%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  unrecognized  stock-based  compensation  expense  related  to  the  ESPP  was $2.8 million , which is expected to be recognized over the remaining term of the offering period of 0.4 years.

## 13. Net Loss Per Share Attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. Common Stockholders

The following table sets forth the computation of the basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common stockholders:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands, except per share data)  Net loss  $  (654,588)  $  (384,770)  $  (246,283)  Adjustment of redeemable noncontrolling interest  -  (20,900)  (7,500)  Net loss attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common  stockholders, basic and diluted  $  (654,588)  $  (405,670)  $  (253,783)  Net loss per share attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common  stockholders, basic and diluted  $  (6.41)  $  (4.00)  $  (2.60)  Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share  attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common stockholders,  basic and diluted  102,178  101,314  97,504   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since the Company was in a loss position for all periods presented, basic net loss per share attributable to Guardant Health,  Inc.  common  stockholders  is  the  same  as  diluted  net  loss  per  share  attributable  to  Guardant  Health,  Inc. common stockholders, as the inclusion of all potential shares of common stock outstanding would have been antidilutive. The following weighted-average common stock equivalents were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share attributable to Guardant Health, Inc. common stockholders for the periods presented as they had an anti-dilutive effect:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Stock options issued and outstanding  (1)  2,799  2,715  3,830  Restricted stock units  ........................................................................  2,342  1,208  687  MSUs  .................................................................................................  2,261  2,357  2,031  PSUs  ..................................................................................................  354  397  60  ESPP obligation  .................................................................................  105  45  37  Common stock subject to repurchase  ................................................  -  7  18  Convertible senior notes  ....................................................................  8,225  8,225  961  Total  ...........................................................................................  16,086  14,954  7,624   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Excludes stock options of 3,652,219 and 4,053,335 shares of the Joint Venture's Class B common stock granted under the AMEA 2020 Plan as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 14. Income Taxes

The components of loss before provision for income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  United States  $  (659,757)  $  (384,976)  $  (246,463)  Foreign  6,308  506  559  Total  (653,449)  (384,470)  (245,904)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:

| Current:  State  $  127  $  4  $  5  Foreign  1,248  118  242  Total current tax expense  $  1,375  $  122  $  247  Deferred:  Federal  $  18  $  108  $  184  State  3  20  34  Foreign  (257)  50  (86)  Total deferred tax expense  $  (236)  $  178  $  132  Total provision for income taxes  $  1,139  $  300  $  379  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets are as follows:

| Deferred tax assets:  Net operating losses carryforwards  $  294,757  $  232,657  Capitalized research and development costs  89,084  -  Property, equipment and intangible assets  7,422  13,233  Accruals and reserves  12,917  10,326  Research and development credits  49,865  33,977  Stock-based compensation  16,507  10,217  Lease liabilities  59,757  59,465  Other  4,378  948  Total deferred tax asset  $  534,687  $  360,823  Deferred tax liabilities:  Section 481 (a) adjustment  -  (305)  Right-of-use asset  (44,825)  (47,130)  Other  (316)  (14)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (45,141)  (47,449)  Less: valuation allowance  (489,040)  (313,125)  Net deferred tax assets  $  506  $  249  As of December 31,  2022  2021  (in thousands)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents a reconciliation of the income tax expense computed at the statutory federal rate and the Company's income tax expense for the periods presented:

| Tax at the statutory federal rate  $  (137,276)  $  (80,739)  $  (51,639)  Other nondeductible items  1,795  1,399  786  Stock-based compensation  7,905  1,354  (13,382)  Research and development credits  (15,738)  (14,956)  (7,890)  Change in valuation allowance  175,916  106,227  81,395  State taxes, net of federal benefits  (28,522)  (14,998)  (11,119)  Other  (2,941)  2,013  2,228  Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes  $  1,139  $  300  $  379  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's actual tax expense differed from the statutory federal income tax expense using a tax rate of 21% for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, primarily due to the change in valuation allowance, state income taxes net of federal benefits, research and development tax credits, and stock-based compensation expenses.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a net operating loss carryforwards of $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion for federal purposes, and $871.4 million and $542.0 million for state and local purposes, respectively, which may be subject to limitations as described below. If not utilized, these carryforwards will begin to expire in 2031 for federal, and 2023 for state and local purposes. Federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited. Some but not all states conform to the federal treatment of net operating losses.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had research and development tax credit carryforwards for federal tax  purposes  of  $32.7  million  and  $21.4  million,  and  state  research  and  development  tax  credit  carryforwards  of $21.8 million and $15.9 million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards will expire  at  various  dates  beginning  in  the  year  2032.  The  Company's  state  research  and  development  tax  credit carryforwards do not expire.

Utilization  of  the  net  operating  loss,  or  NOL,  carryforwards  and  credits  may  be  subject  to  a  substantial  annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of NOL carryforwards and credits before utilization. Current laws impose substantial restrictions on the utilization of NOL carryforwards and credits in the event of an 'ownership change' within a three-year period as defined by the Internal Revenue Code Section 382, or Section 382. If there should be an ownership change, the Company's ability to utilize its NOL carryforwards and credits could be limited. The Company has not performed a Section 382 analysis.

Realization of the future tax benefits is dependent on the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Due to the Company's history of U.S. operating losses, the Company believes that the recognition of the deferred tax assets arising from the above-mentioned future tax benefits is currently not more likely than not to be realized and, accordingly, have provided a full valuation allowance against net U.S. deferred tax assets. The net change in total valuation allowance was an increase of $175.9 million, an increase of $188.7 million and a decrease of $0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The Company has not recorded a provision for deferred U.S. tax expense that could result from the remittance of foreign  undistributed  earnings  since  the  Company  intends  to  reinvest  the  earnings  in  its  foreign  subsidiaries indefinitely.

The Company has made an accounting policy election to treat  Global  Intangible  Low-Taxed  Income,  or  GILTI, taxes as a current period expense rather than including these amounts in the measurement of deferred taxes.

## Uncertain Tax Positions

The  Company  records  unrecognized  tax  benefits,  where  appropriate,  for  all  uncertain  income  tax  positions.  The Company recorded unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions of $29.6 million and $20.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which, if recognized, would not affect the effective income tax rate due to the valuation allowance that currently offsets the deferred tax assets.

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Unrecognized tax benefits - Beginning of period  $  20,100  $  11,269  $  6,543  Increases related to current year's tax positions  9,233  8,223  4,666  Increases related to prior years' tax positions  301  608  60  Unrecognized tax benefits - End of period  $  29,634  $  20,100  $  11,269   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Company's  policy  is  to  recognize  interest  and  penalties  accrued  on  any  unrecognized  tax  benefits  as  a component  of  income  tax  expense.  During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  the  Company recognized no interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits. There are no tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the reporting date.

Due to the net operating loss carryforwards, all years remain open for income tax examination by tax authorities in the United States, various states and foreign tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns.

## 15. Employee Benefit Plan

The Company sponsors a 401(k) plan, and pursuant to its terms, eligible employees can elect to contribute to the 401(k)  plan,  subject  to  certain  limitations,  up  to  the  lesser  of  the  statutory  maximum  or  100%  of  eligible compensation on a pre-tax basis. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company contributed $6.7 million, $4.5 million and $2.8 million, respectively, to match employee contributions as permitted by the plan. The Company pays the administrative costs for the plan.

## 16. Segment and Geographic Information

The Company operates as one operating segment. The Company's chief operating decision makers are its Co-Chief Executive Officers, who review financial information presented on a consolidated basis for the purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance and allocating resources.

The following table sets forth the Company's revenue by geographic areas based on the customers' locations:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  United States  ......................................................................................  $  420,618  $  352,561  $  264,657  International  (1)  ....................................................................................  28,920  21,092  22,073  Total revenue  ...........................................................................  $  449,538  $  373,653  $  286,730   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) No single country outside of the United States accounted for more than 10% of total revenue during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 99% and 98%, respectively, of the Company's long-lived assets and right-ofuse assets are located in the United States.

## 17. Related Party Transactions

As  discussed  in  Note  3, Joint  Venture ,  in  May  2018,  the  Company  and  an  affiliate  of  SoftBank  formed  and capitalized the Joint Venture to accelerate commercialization of its products in Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Prior to the completion of the Joint Venture Acquisition in June 2022, the Company had consolidated the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Joint Venture in its financial statements and all intercompany balances had been eliminated in consolidation.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures

Our management, with the participation of our co-chief executive officers, or Co-CEOs, and chief financial officer, or CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our Co-CEOs and CFO have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in  the  rules  and  forms  of  the  SEC,  and  that  such  required  information  is  accumulated  and  communicated  to  our management,  including  our  Co-CEOs  and  CFO,  as  appropriate,  to  allow  timely  decisions  regarding  required disclosures.

## Management report on internal control over financial reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Co-CEOs and CFO, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our assessment under the framework in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  of  December  31,  2022.The  effectiveness  of  our  internal control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  has  been  audited  by  an  independent  registered  public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Part II, Item 8, 'Financial Statements' of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Changes in internal control

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required  by  Rule  13a-15(d)  and  15d-15(d)  of  the  Exchange  Act  that  occurred  during  the  period  covered  by  this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls

Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the transactions and dispositions of our assets;

(ii)  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Management, including our Co-CEOs and CFO, do not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs.  Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  in  all  control  systems,  no  evaluation  of  internal  controls  can  provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the  effectiveness  of  controls  in  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  those  internal  controls  may  become inadequate  because  of  changes  in  business  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance  with  the  policies  or procedures may deteriorate.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Guardant Health, Inc.

## Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited Guardant Health, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of  the  Treadway  Commission  (2013  framework)  (the  COSO  criteria).  In  our  opinion,  Guardant  Health,  Inc.  (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)  (PCAOB),  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021  and consolidated  statements  of  operations,  comprehensive  loss,  redeemable  noncontrolling  interest  and  stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for  its  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  included  in  the  accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on  our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the  assessed  risk,  and  performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles.  A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting includes  those  policies  and  procedures  that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

San Mateo, California February 23, 2023

Item 9B. Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

## PART III

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be included in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

The  information  required  by  this  Item  11  of  Form  10-K  will  be  included  in  our  2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The  information  required  by  this  Item  12  of  Form  10-K  will  be  included  in  our  2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The  information  required  by  this  Item  13  of  Form  10-K  will  be  included  in  our  2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The  information  required  by  this  Item  14  of  Form  10-K  will  be  included  in  our  2023  Proxy  Statement  and  is incorporated herein by reference.

## PART IV

## Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

## (a) Documents filed as part of this report

## (1) All financial statements

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## (2) Financial Statement Schedules

All financial statement schedules have been omitted since the required information was not applicable or was not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes.

## (3) Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K

The exhibits listed in the following Index to Exhibits are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## INDEX TO EXHIBITS

| 3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of  Incorporation  8-K  001-38683  3.1  10/9/2018  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws  8-K  001-38683  3.2  10/9/2018  4.1  Description of Registrant's Securities  Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange  Act  10-K  001-38683  4.1  3/2/2020  4.2  Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2020,  between Guardant Health, Inc. and U.S. Bank  National Association, as trustee  8-K  001-38683  4.1  11/20/2020  10.1#  Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan  S-1  333-227206  10.3  9/6/2018  10.1(a)#  Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and  Stock Option Agreement under the Amended  and Restated 2012 Stock Plan  S-1  333-227206  10.4  9/6/2018  10.2#  2018 Incentive Award Plan  S-8  333-227762  99.2(a)  10/10/2018  10.2(a)#  Form of Stock Option Agreement under the  2018 Incentive Award Plan  S-1/A  333-227206  10.9(a)  9/21/2018  10.2(b)#  Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement  under the 2018 Incentive Award Plan  S-1/A  333-227206  10.9(b)  9/21/2018  10.2(c)#  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award  Agreement under the 2018 Incentive Award  Plan  S-1/A  333-227206  10.9(c)  9/21/2018  10.2(d)#  Forms of Performance-Based Restricted Stock  Unit Award Agreement under the 2018  Incentive Award Plan  10-K  001-38683  10.3(d)  2/25/2021  10.3#  2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan  S-8  333-227762  99.3  10/10/2018  10.3(a)#  First Amendment to 2018 Employee Stock  Purchase Plan  10-K  001-38683  10.4(a)  3/29/2019  10.4#  Executive Severance Plan  S-1/A  333-227206  10.13  9/21/2018  10.4(a)#  First Amendment to Executive Severance Plan  10-K  001-38683  10.5(a)  3/29/2019  10.5#  Non-Employee Director Compensation  Program, effective as of June 12, 2020  10-Q  001-38683  10.1  8/6/2020  10.6  Form of Indemnification Agreement between  Guardant Health, Inc. and its directors and  officers  S-1/A  333-227206  10.8  9/18/2018  10.7  Lease, dated November 1, 2014, by and  between the Registrant and Metropolitan Life  Insurance Company  S-1  333-227206  10.2  9/6/2018  10.8  First Amendment to Lease, dated October 17,  2017, by and between the Registrant and  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company  S-1  333-227206  10.2(a)  9/6/2018  10.9  Sublease Agreement, dated July 31, 2020, by  and between Guardant Health, Inc. and 3000  Hanover, LLC  10-Q  001-38683  10.1  11/5/2020  10.10§  Supply Agreement, dated September 15, 2014,  by and between the Registrant and Illumina,  Inc.  S-1  333-227206  10.7  9/6/2018  10.11§  Amendment to Supply Agreement, dated  August 11, 2015, by and between the Registrant  and Illumina, Inc.  S-1  333-227206  10.7(a)  9/6/2018  10.12§  Amendment #2 to Supply Agreement, dated  December 24, 2016, by and between the  Registrant and Illumina, Inc.  S-1  333-227206  10.7(b)  9/6/2018  10.13§  Amendment #3 to Supply Agreement, dated  August 14, 2017, by and between the Registrant  and Illumina, Inc.  S-1  333-227206  10.7(c)  9/6/2018  10.14§  Amendment #4 to Supply Agreement, dated  June 26, 2018, by and between the Registrant  and Illumina, Inc.  S-1  333-227206  10.7(d)  9/6/2018  Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing Date  Filed/Furnished  Herewith   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.15§  Amendment #5 to Supply Agreement, dated  January 1, 2021, by and between the Registrant  and Illumina, Inc.  10-K  001-38683  10.19  2/25/2021  10.16#  Form of letter agreement relating to certain  time-based equity awards held by Helmy  Eltoukhy and AmirAli Talasaz  10-K  001-38683  10.19  3/29/2019  10.17#  Form of Waiver Letter Agreement  8-K  001-38683  10.2  5/27/2020  10.18  Form of Capped Call Confirmation  8-K  001-38683  10.1  11/20/2020  21.1  List of Subsidiaries  *  23.1  Consent of Independent Registered Public  Accounting Firm  *  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on the signatures  page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K)  *  31.1  Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer  pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  31.2  Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer  pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  31.3  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  *  32.1  Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  **  32.2  Certification of the Co-Chief Executive Officer  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  **  32.3  Certification of the Chief Financial Officer  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted  pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  **  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance  document does not appear in the Interactive  Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded  within the Inline XBRL document  *  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Document  *  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation  Linkbase Document  *  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition  Linkbase Document  *  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label  Linkbase Document  *  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension  Presentation Linkbase Document  *  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as  inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy  extension information contained in Exhibits  101)  *  Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Number  Exhibit Description  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing Date  Filed/Furnished  Herewith   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

- § Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to, a request for confidential treatment  pursuant  to  Rule  24b-2  under  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  or  Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.

## Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## GUARDANT HEALTH, INC.

Dated:

February 23, 2023

By:

/s/ Helmy Eltoukhy

Name:

Helmy Eltoukhy

Title:

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

By:

/s/ AmirAli Talasaz

Name:

AmirAli Talasaz

Title:

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

## Power of Attorney

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Helmy Eltoukhy and AmirAli Talasaz, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,  with  exhibits  thereto  and  other  documents  in  connection  therewith,  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed  below  by  the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Helmy Eltoukhy  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board  (Principal Executive Officer)  February 23, 2023  Helmy Eltoukhy  /s/ AmirAli Talasaz  Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director  (Principal Executive Officer)  February 23, 2023  AmirAli Talasaz  /s/ Michael Bell  Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  February 23, 2023  Michael Bell  /s/ Ian Clark  Director  February 23, 2023  Ian Clark  /s/ Vijaya Gadde  Director  February 23, 2023  Vijaya Gadde  /s/ Steve Krognes  Director  February 23, 2023  Steve Krognes  /s/ Meghan Joyce  Director  February 23, 2023  Meghan Joyce  /s/ Samir Kaul  Director  February 23, 2023  Samir Kaul  /s/ Myrtle Potter  Director  February 23, 2023  Myrtle Potter   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

## Board of Directors

Helmy Eltoukhy, Ph.D. Chairperson of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer, Guardant Health, Inc.

AmirAli Talasaz, Ph.D. Co-Chief Executive Officer, Guardant Health, Inc.

Ian Clark

Former Chief Executive Officer, Genentech Inc.

Vijaya Gadde Former Chief Legal Officer,

Twitter, Inc.

Meghan Joyce Independent Advisor

Samir Kaul General Partner, Khosla Ventures

Steve Krognes Former Chief Financial Officer, Denali Therapeutics Inc.

Myrtle Potter Chief Executive Officer, Sumitovant Biopharma, Inc.

Musa Tariq Chief Marketing Officer, GoFundMe

## Corporate Officers

Helmy Eltoukhy, Ph.D. Chairperson of the Board, Co-Chief Executive Officer,

AmirAli Talasaz, Ph.D. Co-Chief Executive Officer, Guardant Health, Inc.

Michael Bell Chief Financial Officer

Craig Eagle, M.D. Chief Medical Officer

Christopher Freeman Chief Commercial Officer

Kumud Kalia Chief Information Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Oncology

John Saia Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

Andy Ament Senior Vice President, Operations

Darya Chudova Senior Vice President, Technology

Bill Getty Senior Vice President, Commercial Screening

Amelia Merrill Senior Vice President, People

Darl Moreland Senior Vice President, Regulatory &amp; Quality

Jennifer Higgins Vice President, Public Affairs

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Common Stock

Guardant Health, Inc. common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (ticker symbol 'GH')

## Investor Relations

Quarterly and annual reports as well as other corporate documents are available on our website at https://investors.guardanthealth.com/.

## 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting

Guardant Health, Inc.'s 2023 Annual Meeting will be held on Wednesday, June 14, 2023, at 9:30am Pacific Time via live webcast that will be available at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GH2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

GUARDANT HEALTH, INC.

3100 Hanover Street Palo Alto, CA 94304 guardanthealth.com