## HING MING HOLDINGS LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock code: 8425

## 2022 ANNUAL REPORT

## CHARACTERISTICS OF GEM OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED (THE 'STOCK EXCHANGE')

GEM has been positioned as a market designed to accommodate small and mid-sized companies to which a higher investment risk may be attached than other companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Prospective investors should be aware of the potential risks of investing in such companies and should make the decision to invest only after due and careful consideration.

Given that the companies listed on GEM are generally small and mid-sized companies, there is a risk that securities traded on GEM may be more susceptible to high market volatility than securities traded on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and no assurance is given that there will be a liquid market in the securities traded on GEM.

Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Stock Exchange take no responsibility for the contents of this report, make no representation as to its accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this report.

This report, for which the directors (the ' Directors ') of Hing Ming Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') collectively and individually accept full responsibility, includes particulars given in compliance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the ' GEM Listing Rules ') for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Company. The Directors, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirm that to the best of their knowledge and belief, the information contained in this report is accurate and complete in all material respects and not misleading or deceptive, and there are no other matters the omission of which would make any statement herein or this report misleading.

## CONTENTS

| Page  Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  4  Directors and Senior Management  9  Report of the Directors  13  Corporate Governance Report  25  Independent Auditor's Report  41  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  46  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  47  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  48  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  49  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  51  Five Years' Financial Summary  98   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Tang Hing Keung (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Woo Lan Ying (Vice Chairman) (Resigned on 17 January 2022) Mr. Tang Ming Hei Ms. Au Man Yi (Resigned on 15 July 2021)

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. Au Fung Yee Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris Mr. Chiu Chi Wing Mr. Yeung Chi Fai Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (Resigned on 16 February 2022)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Chiu Chi Wing (Chairman) Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris Mr. Yeung Chi Fai Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (Resigned on 16 February 2022)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris (Chairman) Mr. Chiu Chi Wing Mr. Yeung Chi Fai Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (Resigned on 16 February 2022)

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris (Chairman) Mr. Chiu Chi Wing Mr. Yeung Chi Fai Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (Resigned on 16 February 2022)

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Tang Hing Keung Mr. Tang Ming Hei

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yu Tsz Ngo (Appointed on 1 September 2021) Ms. Lam Yuen Lan (Resigned on 1 September 2021)

## COMPLIANCE OFFICER

Mr. Tang Ming Hei

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited Certified Public Accountants 2nd Floor, 625 King's Road North Point Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISER

As to Hong Kong Law Howse Williams 27/F Alexandra House 18 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

OCBC Wing Hang Bank Limited DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR

Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited Room 2103B, 21st Floor 148 Electric Road North Point Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive PO Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Room A4, 2/F., Tsim Sha Tsui Mansion 83-87 Nathan Road Kowloon Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

8425

## COMPANY WEBSITE

www.hing-ming.com

Dear Shareholders,

I  am pleased to present the annual report of Hing Ming Holdings Limited (the ' Company ' or ' our Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ' or ' our Group ') for the year ended 31 March 2022 (' FY2022 ') on behalf of the board (the ' Board ' or ' our Board ') of directors (the ' Directors ' or ' our Directors ') of the Company.

## BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

In FY2022, our Group recorded an increase in revenue by approximately 44.1% from approximately HK$52.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 (' FY2021 ') to approximately HK$75.4 million for FY2022. Our Group recorded a loss and total comprehensive loss of approximately HK$3.0 million for FY2022 and profit and total comprehensive income of approximately HK$4.6 million for FY2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to (i) the increase in impairment loss on trade receivable of approximately HK$3.1 million (FY2021: approximately HK$0.4 million), (ii) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$2.9 million (FY2021: gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$0.5 million) and (iii) other income received from anti-epidemic fund subsidy scheme of approximately HK$1.4 million was recorded for FY2021, whereas there was no such wage subsidies received for FY2022.

## OUTLOOK

Looking forward, it is possible that the operating environment will remain challenging due to a recession in Hong Kong's construction market as a result of the outbreak of the novel coronavirus pandemic (' COVID-19 ') since early 2020 which is still subsisting today. The Board will continue to strengthen our Group's position in our core business and submit tenders for new projects with a prudent approach aiming to enhance our Group's profitability and the shareholders' value in the long run.

Furthermore, our Group will also explore other potential investment opportunities in order to diversify our Group's business and create new source of revenue to our Group.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to our valuable customers, business partners, shareholders and suppliers for their continuous support, and to our management and staff members for their diligence, dedication and contribution to the growth of our Group.

## Tang Hing Keung

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 22 June 2022

## INTRODUCTION

Our Group is principally engaged in (i) providing rental services of temporary suspended working platforms and other equipment, mainly including tower cranes and generators; and (ii) trading of equipment and spare parts, mainly including permanent suspended working platforms, motors and wire rope. We have over 20 years of experience in providing rental and related services of temporary suspended working platforms to our customers.

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Our temporary suspended working platforms and tower cranes are commonly used in housing construction. We believe that housing construction will continue to drive the demand for our machinery in the future. Given that the number of applications for public housing has been increasing in recent years in Hong Kong, the Hong Kong government and related departments are trying to find more locations to build public housing estates in order to cater for the huge demands. In view of the above, we are confident that the demand for our temporary suspended working platforms and tower cranes will remain strong in the years to come.

## RENTAL AND RELATED SERVICES

Our Group has been providing temporary suspended working platforms to our customers for housing construction or repair and refurbishment purposes. We source motors and other temporary suspended working platform components separately from our suppliers, and we assemble the platforms in our storage and repairing workshop located in Pat Heung, Hong Kong. Apart from temporary suspended working platforms, our Group also offers tower crane and generator rental services to our customers for housing construction purpose.

## TRADING OF EQUIPMENT AND SPARE PARTS

With our established customer and supplier base, we also engage in the trading of equipment and spare parts, mainly including permanent suspended working platforms, motors and wire rope, predominantly in Hong Kong which further enhances our capability to satisfy customers' demands. We source our equipment and spare parts from suppliers mainly located in Germany, Belgium, Spain and China, and sell them mainly to construction contractors and trading companies in Hong Kong.

Looking forward, drawing on our Group's extensive expertise, our Group will strive to lead the temporary suspended working platform industry with the offer of our high-quality equipment and premium service and will also seize emerging opportunities in the growing equipment rental industry.

For the long-term and diversified development of our Group, we have been exploring other business opportunities in the construction industry in Hong Kong, in an attempt to create greater sustainable returns for our shareholders.

## RENTAL FLEET

As at 31 March 2022, the machinery which we carried as part of our rental fleet included temporary suspended working platforms, tower cranes and generators. Details of the machinery available for our rental operations are summarised as follows:

| As at  31 March 2022  Number in fleet  31 March 2021  Number in fleet  Temporary suspended working platforms  450  1,218  Tower cranes  40  33  Generators  20  20   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In order to capture the market demand for rental services of tower cranes and to meet the needs of our customers, we purchased 7 tower cranes during FY2022. Such new tower cranes have been used for building construction projects in Ma On Shan and Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong.

Our Directors will continue to monitor the expansion plan of our rental fleet and the capital requirements of our Group regularly, and will consider rescheduling such expansion according to our operation and needs, the preference of our target customers and the market conditions if necessary. We shall also review regularly the timing for the purchase of additional, and the replacement of existing, construction machineries if, among others, market conditions have changed.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## REVENUE

Our Group recorded an increase in revenue for FY2022, which increased by approximately 44.1% to approximately HK$75.4 million as compared with the revenue of approximately HK$52.4 million for FY2021. The increase was mainly due to the increase in income generated from equipment installation and inspection services.

## COST OF SALES AND SERVICES RENDERED

Our Group's cost of sales and services rendered amounted to approximately HK$56.6 million for FY2022, representing an increase of approximately 72.3% (FY2021: approximately HK$32.8 million). Cost of sales and services rendered mainly represents the cost of inventories sold and materials consumed, subcontracting fee, staff costs, rental of equipment and depreciation. The increase was in line with the increase in revenue for FY2022.

## GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS PROFIT MARGIN

Our Group's gross profit remained stable at approximately HK$18.8 million for FY2022 (FY2021: approximately HK$19.5 million), with gross profit margin at approximately 25.0% (FY2021: approximately 37.3%). The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the increase in subcontracting fee and materials consumed from rental service of tower cranes.

## OTHER INCOME

Our Group recognised other income of approximately HK$72,000 and HK$2.3 million for FY2022 and FY2021, respectively. The decrease was mainly due to the income received from anti-epidemic fund subsidy scheme of approximately HK$1.4 million and gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$0.5 million for FY2021.

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Our administrative expenses amounted to HK$16.6 million and HK$12.5 million for FY2022 and FY2021, respectively. Administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefit payments paid to directors and staff, depreciation, audit fee and legal and professional fees to ensure on going compliance with relevant rules and regulations. The increase in administrative expenses was mainly due to the loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$2.8 million in FY2022 (FY2021: Nil).

## FINANCE COSTS

Our finance costs increased by approximately HK$0.6 million or 147% from approximately HK$0.4 million for FY2021 to approximately HK$1.0 million for FY2022. The increase was mainly due to the increase in bank loan, other borrowing and lease liabilities of tower cranes.

## LOSS/PROFIT AND TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS/INCOME FOR THE YEAR

Our Group recorded a loss and total comprehensive loss of approximately HK$3 million for FY2022 and profit and total comprehensive income of approximately HK$4.6 million for FY2021. The decrease was mainly attributable to (i) the increase in impairment loss on trade receivable of approximately HK$3.1 million (FY2021: approximately HK$0.4 million), (ii) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$2.9 million (FY2021: gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of approximately HK$0.5 million) and (iii) other income received from anti-epidemic fund subsidy scheme of approximately HK$1.4 million was recorded for FY2021, whereas there was no such wage subsidies received for FY2022.

## CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Our Group's capital expenditure during FY2022 primarily comprised expenditure on plant and machinery, motor vehicles as well as furniture and equipment, amounting to a total of approximately HK$30.2 million (FY2021: approximately HK$22.0 million). The vast majority of the capital expenditure was used to purchase additional tower cranes and motor vehicles, which accounted for approximately 97.2% (FY2021: 98.4%) and 2.3% (FY2021: 1.6%), respectively, of the total capital expenditure in FY2022.

## LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our Group financed the operations through a combination of cash flow from operations and finance leases. As at 31 March 2022, our Group had cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$30.4 million (FY2021: approximately HK$13.8 million).

As at 31 March 2022, we had lease liabilities, loan and borrowing of approximately HK$30.5 million (FY2021: finance lease liabilities of approximately HK$3.3 million), which were all denominated in Hong Kong Dollars. Our gearing ratio, calculated based on the finance lease liabilities divided by the total equity at the end of the year and multiplied by 100%, stood at approximately 25.2% as at 31 March 2022 (FY2021: approximately 2.6%).

As at 31 March 2022, our Group had net current assets of approximately HK$19.9 million (FY2021: approximately HK$24.2 million).

Our Group's financial position is sound and strong. With available bank balances and cash and banking facilities, our Group has sufficient liquidity to satisfy the funding requirements.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 March 2022, our Company's issued share capital amounted to HK$4,000,000 and there were a total of 400,000,000 issued ordinary shares with a nominal value of HK$0.01 each.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had capital commitments amounted to HK$1.1 million (FY2021: HK$2.1 million).

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 March 2022, the Company issued corporate guarantee to a subsidiary in respect of the plant and machinery under lease arrangement at 5.12%-5.18% per annum (FY2021: 6.19%) with the carrying amount of approximately HK$7.5 million (FY2021: HK$1.8 million).

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, our Group had no material contingent liabilities (FY2021: Nil).

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

Our Group's revenue generating operations are mainly transacted in Hong Kong Dollars. Our Directors consider that the impact of foreign exchange exposure to our Group is minimal.

## DIVIDEND

Our Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for FY2022 (FY2021: Nil).

## MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS OR DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES, AND PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

There were no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures by the Group during FY2022 and was no other plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2022.

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, our Group did not hold any significant investments.

## CHARGE ON OUR GROUP'S ASSETS

As at 31 March 2022, our Group had no charges on our Group's assets.

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As at 31 March 2022, our Group employed 39 (FY2021: 37) full-time employees. Staff costs of our Group (including Directors' remuneration) were approximately HK$17.7 million in FY2022 (FY2021: approximately HK$15.6 million). The staff cost included the performance bonus paid to directors and staff of approximately HK$2.9 million paid during FY2022. We determine the employees' remuneration based on factors such as qualification, responsibilities, contributions and years of experience. In addition to the basic salary and discretionary bonus that may be granted to staff by reference to the Group's financial results, individual staff member's performance and the market conditions, we provide a defined contribution to the mandatory provident fund as required under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for our eligible employees in Hong Kong. The key principle of our remuneration policy is to remunerate employees in a manner that is market competitive. We regularly carry out staff evaluation to assess their performance. Furthermore, our Company has adopted a share option scheme to reward the participants (as defined thereunder) for their contribution to our Group. The Group also arranges on-the-job trainings relevant to the employees' current job duties to update and further develop their skills and knowledge.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF OUR COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During FY2022, our Company did not redeem its listed securities, nor did our Company or any of its subsidiaries purchase or sell any of such securities.

## COMPARISON OF BUSINESS OBJECTIVES WITH ACTUAL BUSINESS PROGRESS

The following is a comparison of the Group's business objectives as set out in the prospectus of the Company dated 28 February 2017 (the ' Prospectus ') with actual business progress from 15 March 2017 (the ' Listing Date ') to 31 March 2022.

## Business objectives Actual progress

Strengthen our market position in the suspended working platform industry Our Group has acquired new motors and other necessary components for replacement of old temporary suspended working platforms.

Diversify our income stream and capture the market demand of rental services of tower cranes

Our Group acquired six tower cranes in order to capture the market demand of rental services of tower crane and meet the needs of our customers. Our Group retained two general technicians and a sales manager to support our operation in the tower crane rental business.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE SHARE OFFER

The issued shares of our Company (the ' Shares ') were initially listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date by way of share offer of a total of 100,000,000 new Shares at an offer price of HK$0.75 each (the ' Share Offer ') and the net proceeds raised from the Share Offer were approximately HK$53.3 million after deducting the listing expenses.

As disclosed in the Company's announcement dated 28 August 2020, the use of the net proceeds (the ' Net Proceeds ') from the listing of the Shares on GEM of the Stock Exchange by way of placing of new Shares has changed. Details of the actual utilisation of the Net Proceeds up to 31 March 2022 is set out below:

| Use of Net Proceeds  Planned use of  Net Proceeds  as disclosed in  the Prospectus  Revised  allocation of Net  Proceeds as per  announcement  dated 28 August  2020  Net Proceeds  utilised as  at 31 March  2022  Net Proceeds  unutilised as  at 31 March  2022  HK$ (million)  HK$ (million)  HK$ (million)  HK$ (million)  Strengthen the Group's market position in  the suspended working platform industry  14.0  6.8  6.8  -  Diversify the Group's income stream and  capture the market demand of rental  services of tower cranes  35.2  42.4  42.4  -  General working capital  4.1  4.1  4.1  -  53.3  53.3  53.3  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## OVERVIEW

Our Board consists of seven Directors, comprising two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. Our Board is responsible for and has general powers for management and conduct of our Group's business. Our senior management consists of our director of engineering. Our senior management is responsible for the day-to-day management of our business.

## DIRECTORS

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Tang Hing Keung ( 鄧興強 )

## Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Tang Hing Keung, aged 64, was appointed as our Director on 8 April 2016 and designated as our executive Director on 24 June 2016. Mr. Tang Hing Keung also holds directorships in all the subsidiaries of the Company. He is one of the founders of our Group, the chairman of our Board and the chief executive officer of the Company, responsible for strategic planning and the overall management and supervision of operations of our Group. Mr. Tang Hing Keung has been a director of Hing Ming Gondola (HK) Company Limited (' Hing Ming Gondola ') and Trend Novel Limited, both wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company since September 1997 and April 2016, respectively.

Mr. Tang Hing Keung has over 20 years of experience in the construction industry, in particular the suspended working platform industry and the tower crane industry in Hong Kong. Prior to incorporating Hing Ming Gondola, he worked in a number of construction companies in Hong Kong. From 1979 to 1983, Mr. Tang Hing Keung worked as a technician in Hopewell Construction Company Limited, mainly responsible for (i) operating tower cranes, welding machines and hydraulic machines, and (ii) repairing tower cranes, suspended working platforms and security cages for workers. From 1983 to 1988, Mr. Tang Hing Keung worked as a technician in Hip Hing Construction Company Limited, mainly responsible for (i) operating tower cranes and welding machines, (ii) installing and repairing construction equipment and (iii) installing security cages for workers. In 1988 and 1989, he worked in Gammon Construction Limited, mainly responsible for operating tower cranes. In February 1990, he established Hing Ming Engineering Co. as a sole proprietorship to start up his own business of machinery engineering in Hong Kong. Mr. Tang Hing Keung completed a three-year prevocational course in Caritas St. Joseph Prevocational School in November 1974.

Mr. Tang Hing Keung was conferred the title of honorary principal of 龍潭興銘雁心小學 (Longtan Hing Ming Hearts Hope Primary School) and 興銘雁心希望小學 (Hing Ming Hearts Hope Primary School) in September 2010 and March 2013, respectively. Both of the schools are in Hunan, the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC ').

Mr. Tang Hing Keung is the husband of Ms. Au Fung Yee, a non-executive Director, the father of Mr. Tang Ming Hei, an executive Director, and the brother-in-law of Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond, a non-executive Director.

## Mr. Tang Ming Hei ( 鄧銘禧 )

## Executive Director

Mr. Tang Ming Hei, aged 34, was appointed as our Director on 24 May 2016 and designated as our executive Director on 24 June 2016. He was also appointed as the compliance officer of the Company on 23 June 2016. He is responsible for advising on compliance matters of our Group.

Mr. Tang Ming Hei had worked as a part-time compliance consultant of Hing Ming Gondola since December 2015 until he joined our Group as a full-time compliance consultant in April 2016. He worked in CACEIS Hong Kong Trust Company Limited, a member of Crédit Agricole Group, from December 2014 to April 2016. From November 2013 to December 2014, he worked as a tax consultant in KPMG Tax Limited.

Mr. Tang Ming Hei obtained a dual degree of Bachelors of Laws and Commerce from The University of Queensland, Australia in July 2012. In July 2013, he obtained the Graduate Diploma in Legal Practice from The Australian National University, Australia and obtained a degree of Master of Commerce in Financial Econometrics from the University of New South Wales, Australia.

Mr. Tang Ming Hei was admitted as a Lawyer of the Supreme Court of New South Wales by The Supreme Court of New South Wales in July 2013. He was also admitted as an associate member of CPA Australia in June 2014.

Mr. Tang Ming Hei is the son of Mr. Tang Hing Keung and Ms. Au Fung Yee, an executive Director and a non-executive Director, respectively and the nephew of Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond, a non-executive Director.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Ms. Au Fung Yee ( 區鳳怡 )

## Non-executive Director

Ms. Au Fung Yee, aged 59, was appointed as our Director on 8 April 2016 and designated as our non-executive Director on 24 June 2016. She is one of the founders of our Group and is responsible for the strategic planning and financial planning of our Group. Ms. Au F . Y . has been a director of Hing Ming Gondola and Trend Novel Limited since September 1997 and April 2016, respectively.

Ms. Au F. Y. has more than 15 years of experience in the business of suspended working platforms-related business. She founded Hing Ming Gondola together with Mr. Tang Hing Keung in September 1997 and has been a director thereof since then, mainly responsible for handling financial matters. She was also the company secretary of Hing Ming Gondola during the period between September 1997 and June 2006.

Ms. Au F . Y . is the wife of Mr. Tang Hing Keung, the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company, the mother of Mr. Tang Ming Hei, an executive Director, and the younger sister of Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond, a non-executive Director.

## Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond ( 區立華 )

## Non-executive Director

Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond, aged 66, was appointed as our Director on 24 May 2016 and designated as our non-executive Director on 24 June 2016. He is primarily responsible for advising on opportunities for business development and expansion of our Group.

Mr. Au has more than 20 years of experience in engineering and corporation management. From April 1999 to April 2017, he was a director of Alstom Power Service (Hong Kong) Limited (currently known as GE Power Service (Hong Kong) Limited), mainly responsible for the development of the company. From January 1996 to April 1999, he worked as a construction engineer in Mass Transit Railway Corporation, mainly responsible for project management. In October 1973, he joined China Light &amp; Power Company, Limited as a student apprentice, and left as a mechanical maintenance engineer in November 1994.

Mr. Au obtained a Certificate in Supervisory Management from Hong Kong Polytechnic (currently known as Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in November 1980. He was also awarded the Associateship in Mechanical Engineering by Hong Kong Polytechnic in November 1988. In September 1989, he obtained a Diploma in Management Studies awarded jointly by Hong Kong Polytechnic and Hong Kong Management Association.

Mr. Au was admitted as a member and was registered as a Chartered Mechanical Engineer with The Institution of Mechanical Engineers in June 1990 in the UK. He was also admitted as a member of The Hong Kong Institution of Engineers in November 1994.

Mr. Au is the elder brother of Ms. Au Fung Yee, a non-executive Director, the brother-in-law of Mr. Tang Hing Keung, the chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company, and the uncle of Mr. Tang Ming Hei, an executive Director.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

## Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris ( 關煥民 )

## Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris, aged 63, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 23 February 2017. He is also the chairman of each of the nomination committee of the Board (the ' Nomination Committee ') and the remuneration committee of the Board (the ' Remuneration Committee ') as well as a member of the audit committee of the Board (the ' Audit Committee '). He is primarily responsible for providing independent advice to our Board.

Mr. Kwan is a principal security manager of Megastrength Security Services Company Limited, mainly responsible for management of the company. He joined the Hong Kong Police Force in 1978 and retired in 2014 with his last position being the chief inspector. During his service with the Hong Kong Police Force, he was awarded the Hong Kong Police Medal for Meritorious Service in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 2014 Honours List in July 2014.

Mr. Kwan completed a Diploma Programme in Police Studies organised by the School of Continuing Studies, The Chinese University of Hong Kong in January 2002.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Mr. Chiu Chi Wing ( 趙志榮 )

## Independent Non-executive Director

Mr. Chiu Chi Wing, aged 58, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 23 February 2017. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee as well as a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr. Chiu has over 20 years of experience in accounting, auditing and taxation. He is a co-founder and is currently a director of Lixin C.P .A. Limited which was founded in May 2002, mainly responsible for reviewing and providing technical advice and providing training to staff for audit, taxation, accounting and company secretarial matters. From November 1990 to March 1991, he worked as the internal auditor of The Po Leung Kuk, mainly responsible for carrying out internal audit works. From August 1986 to October 1990, Mr. Chiu worked in KPMG, mainly responsible for audit works.

Mr. Chiu obtained an Honours Diploma in Accountancy from Lingnan College (currently known as Lingnan University) in November 1986. He was admitted as an associate and a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in February 1990 and September 1997, respectively. Mr. Chiu was appointed as a member of the Court of Lingnan University from October 2001 to October 2005, and a member of the Council of Lingnan University from August 2006 to August 2009.

On 18 November 2016, Mr. Chiu was appointed as an independent non-executive director of Gudou Holdings Limited, a company listed on GEM (stock code: 8308).

## Mr. Yeung Chi Fai ( 楊志輝 )

## Independent non-executive director

Mr. Yeung Chi Fai ( 楊志輝 ), aged 72, was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 5 March 2021. He is also a member of each of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. He is primarily responsible for providing independent advice to the Board.

Mr. Yeung joined the Hong Kong Police Force in August 1972 and retired from the Hong Kong Police Force in June 2005 with his last position being station sergeant. During his service with the Hong Kong Police Force, he was awarded the Police Long Service Medal in August 1990, the 1st Clasp in August 1997 and the 2nd Clasp in August 2002. On the occasion of his retirement, he was awarded the Certificate of Exemplary Service from the Commissioner of Hong Kong Police in May 2004 which further recognised his diligence, efficiency and high standard of duty performance during his service with the Hong Kong Police Force.

Save as disclosed in the sections headed 'Directors and Senior Management' on pages 9 to 12 and 'Report of the Directors' on pages 13 to 24 of this annual report, none of the Directors is a director or employee of a company which has an interest in the share capital of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions in Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the ' SFO ').

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Mr. Leung She Lit ( 梁社列 )

## Director of Engineering

Mr. Leung She Lit ( 梁社列 ),  aged 66, is the director of engineering of our Group. He joined our Group in September 1997 as construction site controller and is primarily responsible for monitoring the installation, operations and maintenance of suspended working platforms, as well as providing training and issuing the operation certificate of suspended working platforms. Mr. Leung has over 20 years of experience in the construction industry. He is a registered skilled worker under the trade division of Plant &amp; Equipment Mechanic (construction work) (Master) with the Hong Kong Construction Industry Council under the Senior Workers Registration Arrangement. Only senior workers with at least 10 years' experience of relevant trade divisions are allowed to register as skilled workers under such arrangement.

The Board is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of our Group for FY2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and details including the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements. There was no significant change in our Group's principal activities during FY2022.

## CORPORATE REORGANISATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 8 April 2016 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised), of the Cayman Islands. In preparation for the listing of the Shares on GEM, the companies now comprising our Group underwent a corporate reorganisation (the ' Reorganisation '), pursuant to which the Company became the holding company of our Group on 23 February 2017. For details of the Reorganisation, please refer to the section headed 'History, Development and Reorganisation' in the Prospectus.

The issued Shares have been listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange since 15 March 2017.

## RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of our Group for FY2022 are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 46 of this annual report. No dividend was paid or proposed by the Company during FY2022.

The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for FY2022 (FY2021: Nil).

## CHARITABLE DONATIONS

Charitable donations made by the Group during FY2022 amounted to HK$106,000 (FY2021: HK$104,000).

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The review of the business of our Group during FY2022 and the discussion on our Group's future business development are set out in the sections headed 'Chairman's Statement' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on page 3 and pages 4 to 8, respectively, of this annual report, and the description of principal risks and uncertainties facing our Group and the key financial performance indicators are set out in the sections headed 'Report of the Directors' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 13 to 24 and pages 4 to 8 of this annual report, respectively. The financial risk management objectives and policies of our Group are set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. No important event affecting our Group has occurred since the end of FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report. In addition, discussions on our Group's principal risks and uncertainties, relationships with key stakeholders, environmental policies and performance and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on our Group are as follows:

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Our Group's financial condition, results of operations, businesses and prospects would be affected by a number of risks and uncertainties. All the risks relating to our Group's business have been set out in the Prospectus under the section headed 'Risk Factors'.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS

Our Group's success depends on, amongst other matters, the support from key stakeholders who/which comprise employees, customers and suppliers.

## EMPLOYEES

Employees are regarded as important and valuable assets of our Group. The objectives of our Group's human resource management are to reward and recognise performing staff by providing a competitive remuneration package and implementing a sound performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives, and to promote career development and progression by appropriate training and providing opportunities within our Group for career advancement.

## CUSTOMERS

Our customers consist of construction companies, owners of commercial properties and trading companies in Hong Kong, as well as overseas suspended working platform companies. We have established long-term business relationships with some of our customers for over 10 years. Our sales and marketing team maintains contacts with these customers on a regular basis to understand their needs and to provide relevant information to support their projects.

## SUPPLIERS

Our suppliers include components and equipment suppliers, many of which are located in Europe, Singapore, the PRC and Hong Kong. We communicate with our suppliers regularly to ensure that they are committed to delivering high-quality and sustainable products and services. We select suppliers from our pre-approved list of suppliers.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

We believe that our business depends on, among others, our ability to meet our customers' requirements in respect of safety, quality and environmental aspects. In order to meet our customers' requirements, we have established safety, quality and environmental management systems. Through an effective control of our operations, compliance with safety, quality and environmental requirements can be further assured.

## COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

To the best of the Directors' knowledge, information and belief, and having made all reasonable enquiries, the Directors confirmed that during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report, our Group had obtained all the registrations and certifications required for its business and operations and had complied with the applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong that had a significant impact on it.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of our Group during FY2022 are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during FY2022, together with the reasons therefor, are set out in note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SHARES OF THE COMPANY

During FY2022 and thereafter up to the date of this annual report, our Company did not redeem any of its listed securities nor did the Company or any member of our Group purchase or sell such securities.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 March 2022, the Company had reserves amounting to approximately HK$48.1 million available for distribution as calculated based on the Company's share premium and retained earnings under applicable provisions of the Companies Law, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of our Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 98 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements of our Group for FY2022.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report were:

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Tang Hing Keung (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Woo Lan Ying (Vice Chairman) (resigned on 17 January 2022) Mr. Tang Ming Hei Ms. Au Man Yi (resigned on 15 July 2021)

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. Au Fung Yee Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris Mr. Chiu Chi Wing Mr. Yeung Chi Fai Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)

Information regarding Directors' emoluments and the five highest paid individuals in our Group are set out in notes 7 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

Pursuant to article 83(3) of the articles of association of the Company (the ' Articles of Association '),  any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office only until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

Pursuant to article 84(1) of the Articles of Association, at each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an AGM at least once every three years. Pursuant to article 84(2) of the Articles of Association, a retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director throughout the meeting at which he retires. The Directors to retire by rotation shall include (so far as necessary to ascertain the number of Directors to retire by rotation) any Director who wishes to retire and not to offer himself for re-election. Any further Directors so to retire shall be those of the other Directors subject to retirement by rotation, who have been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and so that as between persons who became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. Any Director appointed by the Board pursuant to article 83(3) of the Articles of Association shall not be taken into account in determining which particular Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation. Accordingly, Mr. Tang Hing Keung, Mr. Tang Ming Hei and Mr. Chiu Chi Wing will retire from office by rotation at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election thereat.

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of his/her independence pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent nonexecutive Directors are independent.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

Each of our executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years commencing on the Listing Date or the relevant appointment date unless terminated by not less than three months' notice in writing served by either party on the other, and is subject to other termination provisions therein and the provisions on retirement of Directors as set out in the memorandum of association of the Company and the Articles of Association (the ' M&amp;A ').

Each of our non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial fixed term of three years commencing on the Listing Date or the relevant appointment date unless terminated (i) by not less than one month's notice in writing served by the relevant Director; or (ii) forthwith by the Company by notice in writing, and is subject to other termination provisions therein and the provisions on retirement of Directors as set out in the M&amp;A.

No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company, which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked agreements were entered into by our Group during FY2022 or existed at the end of FY2022.

## ARRANGEMENTS FOR DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during FY2022 or at the end of FY2022 was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, or the holding company a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

As at 31 March 2022, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which would have to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO) or which would be required (a) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein or (b) pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, are set out as follows:

## LONG POSITION IN THE ORDINARY SHARES OF THE COMPANY

| Name of Directors  Capacity/Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares Held  Percentage  of Total Issued  Shares  Mr. Tang Hing Keung (Note)  Interest in a controlled corporation  120,000,000 (L)  30.0%  Ms. Au Fung Yee (Note)  Interest of spouse  120,000,000 (L)  30.0%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Company is owned as to 30.0% by Hing Gut which is an investment holding company. Hing Gut is owned as to 90.0% by Mr. Tang Hing Keung and as to 10.0% by Ms. Au Fung Yee. Under the SFO, Mr. Tang Hing Keung is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares held by Hing Gut. Ms. Au Fung Yee is the wife of Mr. Tang Hing Keung. Under the SFO, Ms. Au Fung Yee is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Mr. Tang Hing Keung is interested and is deemed to be interested. Mr. Tang Hing Keung and Ms. Au Fung Yee are directors of Hing Gut.

L: Denotes a 'long position' (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in such Shares.

## LONG POSITION IN THE ORDINARY SHARES OF THE ASSOCIATED CORPORATION

| Name of Directors  Name of  Associated Corporation  Capacity/  Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares Held  Percentage of  Shareholding  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  Hing Gut (Note)  Beneficial owner  9  90.0%  Ms. Au Fung Yee  Hing Gut (Note)  Beneficial owner  1  10.0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

L: Denotes a 'long position' (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in such Shares.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, none of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company had registered an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein or (c) pursuant to Rules 5.46 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 March 2022, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons/entity (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company, whose interests or short positions are disclosed under the paragraph headed 'Directors' and chief executive's interests and short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation' above) had interests or short positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares, which were required to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein:

## LONG POSITION IN THE ORDINARY SHARES

| Name of Shareholder  Capacity/Nature of Interest  Number of  Shares Held  Percentage of  Total Issued  Shares  Hing Gut (Note 1)  Beneficial Interest  120,000,000 (L)  30.0%  Mr. Lee Yu Leung  Beneficial Interest  109,024,000 (L)  27.3%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. The Company is owned as to 30.0% by Hing Gut. Hing Gut is owned as to 90.0% by Mr. Tang Hing Keung and as to 10.0% by Ms. Au Fung Yee. Under the SFO, Mr. Tang Hing Keung is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares held by Hing Gut. Ms. Au Fung Yee is the wife of Mr. Tang Hing Keung. Under the SFO, Ms. Au Fung Yee is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Mr. Tang Hing Keung is interested and is deemed to be interested.

L: Denotes a 'long position' (as defined under Part XV of the SFO) in such Shares.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons who or entities which had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares, which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

## PURPOSE OF THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company's share option scheme (the ' Share Option Scheme ') was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 23 February 2017 for the purpose of providing incentives or rewards to eligible persons whom the Board considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to our Group.

As no share option has been granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption and up to 31 March 2022, there was no share option outstanding as at 31 March 2021 and no option was exercised or cancelled or lapsed during FY2022.

## ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS OF THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may grant options to eligible persons, including directors of the Company and members of our Group, to subscribe for the Shares. Eligible persons of the Share Option Scheme include, among others, any executive, any employee (including full-time or part-time employee), director (including an independent non- executive Director), shareholder of any member of our Group and an associate of any of the aforementioned persons (the ' Eligible Persons ').

## TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AVAILABLE FOR ISSUE UNDER THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME TOGETHER WITH THE PERCENTAGE OF THE ISSUED SHARES THAT IT REPRESENTS AS AT THE DATE OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT

The Board shall set out in the offer the terms on which the option is to be granted. The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time. No options shall be granted under the Share Option Scheme at any time if such grant shall result in the scheme limit being exceeded.

The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 40,000,000 Shares (equivalent to 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of this annual report). The Company may seek approval of its shareholders in general meeting for refreshing such 10% limit.

## MAXIMUM ENTITLEMENT OF EACH ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANT UNDER THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME

Subject to the following paragraph, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each Eligible Person (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue for the time being. Any further grant of share options in excess of this limit is subject to shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

Where any grant of options to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or any of their respective associates, would result in the Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue on the date of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, in excess of HK$5.0 million, such further grant of the options shall be subject to prior approval of the shareholders with such person and his associates abstaining from voting in favour at the general meeting.

Any grant of options to any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Company, or any of their respective associates under the Share Option Scheme is subject to the prior approval of the independent non-executive Directors (excluding the independent non-executive Director who or whose associate is the grantee of an option).

## PERIOD WITHIN WHICH THE SHARES MUST BE TAKEN UP UNDER THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME

An offer for the grant of options must be accepted within 21 days from the day on which such offer was made.

## MINIMUM PERIOD FOR WHICH AN OPTION MUST BE HELD BEFORE IT CAN BE EXERCISED

Options may be exercised at any time from the date which option is deemed to be granted and accepted and expired on the date as the Board in its absolute discretion determine and which shall not exceed a period of 10 years from the date on which the options are accepted but subject to the provisions for early termination thereof contained in the Share Option Scheme.

## AMOUNT PAYABLE ON ACCEPTANCE OF THE OPTION AND THE PERIOD WITHIN WHICH PAYMENTS OR CALLS MUST OR MAY BE MADE OR LOANS FOR SUCH PURPOSES MUST BE REPAID

Options granted shall be taken up upon payment of HK$1 as consideration for the grant of option. The payment or remittance of HK$1.00 shall be made within 21 days from the offer date or within such other period of time as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules.

## BASIS OF DETERMINING THE EXERCISE PRICE

The subscription price for the Shares is determined by the Board, and shall not be less than whichever is the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of offer (which must be a business day); (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.

## REMAINING LIFE OF THE SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 23 February 2017. No share options were granted, forfeited or expired during FY2022. As at the date of this annual report, there were a total of 40,000,000 Shares, representing 10% of the issued shares of the Company, available for issue under the Share Option Scheme.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Our Group has entered into three transactions with connected persons of the Company, namely (i) the transactions with Maysun Jewellery Manufacturing Company Limited with respect to the provision of registered office and correspondence address services to the Company and Hing Ming Gondola (HK) Company Limited; (ii) the transactions with Mr. Au Cho Wah with respect to the provision of examination and testing services for suspended working platforms as a Competent Examiner to our Group; and (iii) the transaction with Harvest Team International Limited with respect to the purchase of consumable material. Details of such transactions are set out in the section headed 'Connected Transactions' in the Prospectus and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements. As disclosed in the Prospectus and note 27 to the consolidated financial statements, such transactions constitute de minimis continuing connected transactions and are fully exempt from the reporting, announcement, annual review and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The significant related party transactions entered into by our Group during FY2022 set out in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements included transaction that constitute connected or continuing connected transactions for which the disclosure requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules have been complied with. Such transactions constitute de minimis continuing connected transactions and are fully exempt from the reporting, announcement, annual review and independent shareholders' approval requirements under Chapter 20 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, no other transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business, to which the Company's holding company or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or a connected entity of a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of FY2022 or at any time during FY2022.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts (except for the executive Directors' service contracts) concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during FY2022.

## COMPETING BUSINESS

During FY2022, the Directors were not aware of any business apart from the Group's business or interest of the Directors, the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) that had competed or might compete with the business of our Group and any other conflicts of interests which any such person had or might have with our Group except those disclosed under the section headed 'Non-Competition Undertaking' below.

## NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING

In order to avoid any possible future competition between our Group and our controlling shareholders, Mr. Tang Hing Keung, Ms. Au Fung Yee and Hing Gut (each a ' Covenantor ' and collectively the ' Covenantors ') have entered into a deed of noncompetition in favour of our Company (for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of each other member of our Group) on 27 February 2017 (the ' Deed of Non-Competition '). Pursuant to the Deed of Non-Competition, each of the Covenantors has irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to our Company (for itself and as trustee for its subsidiaries) that, during the period that the Deed of Non-Competition remains effective, he/she/it shall not, and shall procure his/her/its close associates (other than any member of our Group) not to, carry on, participate in, hold, engage in, be interested in, acquire or operate, whether directly or indirectly, in any business in competition with or likely to be in competition with the existing business activity of any member of our Group.

Each of the Covenantors also gave certain non-competition undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition as set out in the paragraph headed 'Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders - Non-Competition undertaking' of the Prospectus.

The Company has received an annual written confirmation from each controlling shareholder of the Company in respect of him/her/it and his/her/its close associates in compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition. The independent non- executive Directors have also reviewed and were satisfied that each of the controlling shareholders of the Company had complied with the Deed of Non-Competition.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the Articles of Association, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets or profits of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto. The Company has arranged appropriate Directors' liability insurance coverage.

The relevant provisions in the Articles of Association and the Directors' liability insurance were in force during FY2022 and as at the date of this annual report.

## REMUNERATION POLICY

The remuneration policy of the employees of our Group has been set up by the Remuneration Committee on the basis of their merit, qualifications and competence. The remuneration of the Directors is recommended by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the Company's operating results, individual performance and comparable market statistics. The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to Eligible Persons.

## RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME

Details of our Group's retirement benefit scheme are set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout FY2022 and thereafter up to the date of this annual report as required under the GEM Listing Rules.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentages of our Group's turnover and purchases attributable to major customers and suppliers during FY2022 and FY2021 are as follows:

| FY2022  FY2021  %  %  Percentage of turnover  From the largest customer  43.8  41.2  From the five largest customers in aggregate  91.8  86.8  Percentage of purchase  From the largest supplier  14.6  27.9  From the five largest suppliers in aggregate  46.7  86.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the Directors, their close associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) or any shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company's issued Shares) had any interest in the five largest customers nor suppliers during FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company had complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 15 to the GEM Listing Rules (the ' CG Code ') during FY2022.

Details of the principal corporate governance practices of our Group are set out in the section headed 'Corporate Governance Report' on pages 25 to 40 of this annual report.

The compliance officer of the Company is Mr. Tang Ming Hei whose biographical details are set out on page 10 of this annual report.

## TAX RELIEF

Our Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the shareholders by reason of their holdings of the Shares. If the shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.

## REVIEW BY AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises three members, all being independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Chiu Chi Wing (chairman of the Audit Committee), Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris and Mr. Yeung Chi Fai. It has reviewed with the management the accounting principles and practices adopted by our Group and discussed the auditing, internal control and financial reporting matters, including review of the audited consolidated financial statements of our Group for FY2022.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 were audited by Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited, who will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for their re-appointment as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

There has been no change in auditors of the Company in the preceding three years.

On behalf of the Board

## Tang Hing Keung Hing Ming Holdings Limited

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 22 June 2022

Our Company is committed to fulfilling its responsibilities to its shareholders (the ' Shareholders ') and protecting and enhancing Shareholders' values through good corporate governance.

The Directors recognise the importance of incorporating elements of good corporate governance in the management structures, internal control and risk management procedures of our Group so as to achieve effective accountability.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Company has adopted and, save for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as disclosed in this annual report, has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code during FY2022.

## SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

Our Company has adopted the required standard of dealings in the securities (the ' Required Standard of Dealings ') as contained in Rules 5.48 to 5.67 of the GEM Listing Rules as its own code of conduct governing the securities transactions by the Directors. Following a specific enquiry made by our Company on each of the Directors, save for the disposal (the ' Disposal ') of 90,000,000 shares of the Company by Ms. Woo Lan Ying (a former executive Director and vice chairman of the Board who resigned on 17 January 2022) on 12 January 2022 (a date falling within the blackout period in respect of the publication of financial results of the Group for the nine months ended 31 December 2021), all Directors have confirmed that they had complied with the Required Standard of Dealings during FY2022. Before commencement of each blackout period, the company secretary of the Company notifies the Directors of the blackout period and reminds them of the prohibitions in securities transactions under the Required Standards of Dealings. After the Company was made aware of the Disposal, the company secretary of the Company reminded the Directors again of the said prohibitions.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF OUR BOARD

Our Board is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the management of the business affairs and the overall performance of our Group. Our Board sets our Group's values and standards and ensures that the requisite financial and human resources support is in place for our Group to achieve its objectives. The functions performed by our Board include but are not limited to formulating our Group's business plans and strategies, deciding all significant financial (including major capital expenditure) and operational issues, developing, monitoring and reviewing our Group's corporate governance practices and all other functions reserved to our Board under the Articles of Association. Our Board has established Board committees and has delegated to these Board committees various responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference which are published on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company. The responsibilities of these Board committees include monitoring our Group's operational and financial performance, and ensuring that appropriate internal control and risk management systems are in place. Our Board may from time to time delegate certain functions to the management of our Group if and when considered appropriate. The management is mainly responsible for the execution of the business plans, strategies and policies adopted by our Board and assigned to it from time to time.

The Directors have full access to information of our Group and the management has an obligation to supply the Directors with adequate information in a timely manner to enable the Directors to perform their responsibilities. The Directors are entitled to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expense.

## COMPOSITION

The Company is committed to maintaining a balanced composition of executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors (the ' INEDs ') so that there is a strong independent element on our Board, enabling our Board to exercise effective independent judgment.

As at the date of this annual report, our Board comprises the following seven Directors, of which the non-executive Directors and the INEDs in aggregate represent over 70.0% of our Board members:

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Tang Hing Keung (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Ms. Woo Lan Ying (Vice Chairman)  (resigned on 17 January 2022) Mr. Tang Ming Hei Ms. Au Man Yi (resigned on 15 July 2021)

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Ms. Au Fung Yee Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond

## INEDs

Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris Mr. Chiu Chi Wing Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022) Mr. Yeung Chi Fai

The biographical details of each of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

The family relationship among the executive Directors and the non-executive Directors is as follows:

| Relationship with  Name of Directors  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  Ms. Au Fung Yee  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  Executive Directors  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  -  Father  Husband  Brother-in-law  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  Son  -  Son  Nephew  Non-executive Directors  Ms. Au Fung Yee  Wife  Mother  -  Younger sister  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  Brother-in-law  Uncle  Elder brother  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed aforesaid, there was no financial, business, family or other material relationship among the Directors during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

The INEDs have brought in a wide range of business and financial expertise, experience and independent judgement to our Board. Through active participation in our Board meetings and serving on various Board committees, all INEDs will continue to make various contributions to the Company.

Throughout FY2022, the Company had at least three INEDs, meeting the requirements set out in Rules 5.05 and 5.05A of the GEM Listing Rules that the number of INEDs must represent at least one-third of our Board members, and that at least one of the INEDs must have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence in writing from each of the INEDs pursuant to Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules. Based on such confirmation, the Company considers that all the INEDs are independent and have met the independence guidelines as set out in Rule 5.09 of the GEM Listing Rules during FY2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' INDUCTION AND CONTINUING PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Each of the Directors has received a formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure that he/she has a proper understanding of our Company's operations and business and is fully aware of his/her director's responsibilities under statute and common law, the GEM Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements and the Company's business and governance policies. Each of the Directors named under the paragraph headed 'Composition' above attended the training seminar arranged by the Company's Hong Kong legal advisers on directors' responsibilities before their appointments.

The Company will from time to time fund and arrange suitable training to all Directors to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their duties and responsibilities, such that their contribution to our Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors are also encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company's expense and they have been requested to provide the Company with their training records. According to the training records maintained by the Company, the continuing professional development programmes received by each of the Directors in FY2022 is summarised as follows:

| Name of Directors  Type of trainings  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  A and B  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  A and B  Ms. Au Fung Yee  A and B  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  A and B  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  A and B  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  A and B  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  A and B   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A: attending training sessions, including but not limited to, seminars, briefings, conferences, forums and workshops

B: reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the economy, general business, corporate governance and directors' duties and responsibilities

## DIRECTORS' AND OFFICERS' LIABILITIES

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the Directors' and officers' liabilities in respect of any legal actions taken against the Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage is reviewed on an annual basis by the Board.

## BOARD MEETINGS

The Directors can attend Board meetings in person or through other means of electronic communication in accordance with the Articles of Association. Our Board is scheduled to meet four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals with notice given to the Directors at least 14 days in advance. For all other Board meetings, notice will be given in a reasonable time in advance. The Directors are allowed to include any matter in the agenda that is required for discussion and resolution at the Board meeting. To enable the Directors to be properly briefed on issues arising at each of our Board meetings and to make informed decisions, an agenda and the accompanying Board papers will be sent to all Directors at least three days before the intended date of the Board meeting, or such other period as agreed. The company secretary of the Company (the ' Company Secretary ') is responsible for recording and keeping all Board meetings' minutes. Draft and final versions of the Board meetings' minutes will be circulated to all Directors for their comments and records respectively within a reasonable time after each Board meeting and the final version is open for the Directors' inspection.

During FY2022, 13 Board meetings were held. The attendance of the respective Directors at the Board meetings during FY2022 are set out below:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/  Number of  meetings  Executive Directors  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  13/13  Ms. Woo Lan Ying (resigned on 17 January 2022)  11/11  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  12/13  Ms. Au Man Yi (resigned on 15 July 2021)  2/4  Non-executive Directors  Ms. Au Fung Yee  13/13  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  13/13  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  13/13  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  12/13  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  13/13  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)  13/13   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart from the above Board meetings, the chairman of our Board (the ' Chairman '), being the chief executive officer of the Company (the ' Chief Executive Officer '), held a meeting with all the INEDs without the presence of the other Directors.

On 22 June 2022, the Board held a meeting to consider and approve, amongst other matters, the consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2022 (the ' Consolidated Financial Statements ').

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

During FY2022, our Board has reviewed the Board diversity policy which sets out all measurable objectives to achieve and maintain diversity on our Board to enhance effectiveness of our Board.

The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of diversity of Board members. It endeavours to ensure that our Board has a balance of skills, experiences and varying perspectives appropriate for the Company's business. All Board appointments will continue to be made on a merit basis with due regard for the benefits of diversity of our Board members. Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills and knowledge. As at 31 March 2022, our Directors comprised six males and one female with diverse age and background and experience in different industries, such as construction, engineering, legal, accounting and taxation industries. Our Board considers that our Group achieved the Board diversity policy during FY2022.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Tang Hing Keung is the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. In view of the fact that Mr. Tang Hing Keung is one of the co-founders of our Group and has been operating and managing our Group since its establishment in 1997, all the other Directors believe that the vesting of the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in Mr. Tang Hing Keung is beneficial to the business operations and management of our Group and will provide a strong and consistent leadership to our Group. Mr. Tang Hing Keung provides leadership to the Company and is responsible for strategic planning and the overall management and supervision of operations of our Group. As all major decisions are made in consultation with the members of the Board, and there are three INEDs on the Board offering independent advices, the Board is of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers and authority within the Board. Accordingly, the Company has not segregated the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer as required by the said code provision. The Board will continue to review and monitor the practices of our Company for the purpose of complying with the CG Code and maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices of our Company.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

Our Board has established three Board committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee, to oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs. Our Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.

The written terms of reference for our Board committees are posted on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee was established on 23 February 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with code provision D.3.3 of the CG Code and Rules 5.28 to 5.33 of the GEM Listing Rules. During FY2022, it comprises four INEDs, namely Mr. Chiu Chi Wing, Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris, Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022) and Mr. Yeung Chi Fai. Mr. Chiu Chi Wing is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The principal roles and functions of the Audit Committee include but are not limited to:

- making recommendations to our Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors, and handling any questions regarding their resignation or dismissal;
- reviewing and monitoring the external auditors' independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards, and discussing with the external auditors on the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before the audit commences;
- developing and implementing a policy on engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services and reporting to our Board, and identifying and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed;
- monitoring the integrity of the Company's financial statements and annual report and accounts, half-year report and quarterly reports, and reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them;
- reviewing the Company's financial controls, and risk management and internal control systems;
- discussing the risk management and internal control systems with the management to ensure that the management has performed its duty to have such effective systems;
- considering major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated by our Board or on its own initiative and management's response to these findings;
- where an internal audit function exists, ensuring co-ordination between the internal and external auditors, ensuring that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and reviewing and monitoring its effectiveness;
- reviewing our Group's financial and accounting policies and practices;
- reviewing the external auditors' management letter, any material queries raised by the auditors to management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and management's response;
- ensuring that our Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the external auditors' management letters; and
- considering other topics as defined by our Board.

The Audit Committee held four meetings during FY2022 whereat the Audit Committee, among other matters, reviewed the Group's annual consolidated financial statements, interim and quarterly reports; discussed the internal control of the Group; met with the independent external auditors and reviewed report from the independent external auditors regarding their audit on the Group's annual consolidated financial statements. Details of the attendance of members of the Audit Committee meetings during FY2022 are as follows:

| Name of Members  Number of  attendance/  Number of  meetings  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  4/4  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  4/4  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)  4/4  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  4/4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 22 June 2022, the Audit Committee held a meeting to, amongst others, review the Consolidated Financial Statements and recommend the same to be presented to the Board for consideration and approval.

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee was established on 23 February 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with code provision E.1.2 of the CG Code and Rules 5.34 to 5.36 of the GEM Listing Rules. During FY2022, the Remuneration Committee comprised four INEDs, namely Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022), Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris, Mr. Chiu Chi Wing and Mr. Yeung Chi Fai. As at the date of this report, Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The principal roles and functions of the Remuneration Committee include but are not limited to:

- making recommendations to our Board on the Company's policy and structure for the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;
- reviewing and approving the management's remuneration proposals by reference to our Board's corporate goals and objectives;
- making recommendations to our Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;
- making recommendations to our Board on the remuneration of the non-executive Directors;

- considering the salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment, responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in our Group;
- reviewing and approving the compensation payable to the executive Directors and senior management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;
- reviewing and approving the compensation arrangements relating to the dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate; and
- ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) is involved in deciding his/ her own remuneration.

During FY2022, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings for, among other matters, reviewing and making recommendations to our Board for considering certain remuneration-related matters of the Directors and senior management.

The attendance of each INED at the Remuneration Committee meetings during FY2022 is as follows:

| Name of INEDs  Number of  attendance/  Number of  meetings  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)  2/2  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  2/2  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  2/2  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  2/2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 22 June 2022, the Remuneration Committee held a meeting to, amongst others, consider certain remuneration-related matters of the Directors and senior management.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee was established on 23 February 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with code provision B.3.1 of the CG Code. During FY2022, the Nomination Committee comprises four INEDs, namely Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris, Mr. Chiu Chi Wing, Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022) and Mr. Yeung Chi Fai. Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The principal roles and functions of the Nomination Committee include but are not limited to:

- reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of our Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to our Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy, with due regard to the Company's board diversity policy;
- identifying individuals suitably qualified to become members of our Board and selecting or making recommendations to our Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;
- assessing the independence of the INEDs;
- making recommendations to our Board on the appointment or re-appointment of the Directors and the succession planning for the Directors, in particular, the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer; and
- reviewing the Company's board diversity policy, as appropriate, and reviewing the measurable objectives that the Board has set for implementing the Company's board diversity policy.

During FY2022, the Nomination Committee held a meeting for, among other matters, reviewing the structure, size and composition of our Board, assessing the independence of the INEDs and making recommendations to our Board for considering the re-appointment of the retiring Directors at the 2021 AGM.

The attendance of each INED at the Nomination Committee meeting during FY2022 is as follows:

| Name of INEDs  Number of  attendance/  Number of  meetings  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  1/1  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  1/1  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  1/1  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 22 June 2022, the Nomination Committee held a meeting to, amongst others, assess the independence of the INEDs and make recommendations to our Board for considering the re-appointment of the retiring Directors at the forthcoming AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

Our Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions as set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, which include:

- developing and reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance;
- reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management;
- reviewing and monitoring the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and the Directors; and
- reviewing the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this report.

## NOMINATION PROCEDURES, PROCESS AND CRITERIA

The Nomination Committee leads the process and makes recommendations to the Board for re-election and appointment of Directors, whether as additional appointment or to fill up the casual vacancy of directorship as and when they arise, in light of the challenges and opportunities faced by the Group, as well as the business development and requirements of the Group. In evaluating and selecting candidate(s) for directorship, the Nomination Committee considers the merit and contribution that the candidate(s) will bring to the Board, having due regard to the election criteria set out in the Nomination Policy which include, inter alia, the character and integrity; the accomplishment and experience; the commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest; the cultural and educational background, the gender, qualification, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service; the benefits of diversity on the existing Board as well as the independence of the candidate(s) (for INEDs). The Nomination Committee makes recommendation to the Board to appoint the appropriate person(s) among the candidates nominated for directorship(s). Suitable candidate(s) shall be appointed by the Board in accordance with the Articles of Association and the GEM Listing Rules.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company for an initial fixed term of three years commencing on the Listing Date or if later, the relevant appointment date.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the INEDs has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial fixed term of three years commencing on the Listing Date or if later, the relevant appointment date.

Save as disclosed aforesaid, none of the Directors has a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than the contracts/letters of appointment expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Principle B.2 of the CG Code stipulates that there should be a formal, considered and transparent procedure for the appointment of new Directors, and all Directors should be subject to re-election at regular intervals. All the Directors, including INEDs, are subject to retirement by rotation and eligible for re-election in accordance with the Articles of Association. At each AGM, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at the AGM at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election and shall continue to act as a Director throughout the meeting at which he/she retires. The Directors to retire by rotation shall include (so far as necessary to ascertain the number of Directors to retire by rotation) any Director who wishes to retire and does not offer himself/herself for re-election. Any further Directors so to retire shall be those who have been the longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and so that as between the persons who became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day, those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot.

Any Director appointed by our Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of the Shareholders after his/her appointment and shall be subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by our Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election.

By virtue of Articles 83 and 84 of the Articles of Association, Mr. Tang Hing Keung, Mr. Tang Ming Hei and Mr. Chiu Chi Wing will retire at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election.

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Particulars of the Directors' remuneration for FY2022 are set out in note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the member of the senior management (other than the Directors) whose particulars are contained in the section headed ' Directors and Senior Management ' of this annual report for FY2022 by band is set out below:

| Remuneration band (in HK$)  Number of  individuals  Nil to 1,000,000  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

For FY2022, Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited (' Baker Tilly ') was engaged as our Group's independent auditor to provide annual audit services.

The remuneration paid/payable to Baker Tilly for FY2022 is set out below:

| Services  Fee paid/payable  HK$  Audit services - Annual audit  515,000  Non-audit services - Tax services  38,300  Total  553,300   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

In addition, Baker Tilly has stated in the independent auditor's report its reporting responsibilities on the Consolidated Financial Statements.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Our Board is responsible for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks the Company is willing to take in achieving the Company's strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Company establishes and maintains appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. Our Board oversees management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems. Our Board acknowledges that such risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. Internal audit function of the Company has been carried out under the leadership of our Board and the Audit Committee.

During FY2022, our Board, through the Audit Committee, conducted a review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of our Group covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance as well as risk management. Our Board considers that our Group's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and effective.

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

Our Group acknowledges its responsibilities under the SFO and the GEM Listing Rules and the overriding principle that inside information should be announced immediately when it is the subject of a decision. The procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information are as follows:

- our Group conducts its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the GEM Listing Rules as well as the 'Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information' published by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong in June 2012;
- our Group has implemented and disclosed its policy on fair disclosure by pursuing broad, non-exclusive distribution of information to the public through channels such as financial reporting, public announcements and the Company's website;
- our Group has strictly prohibited unauthorised use of confidential or inside information; and
- our Group has established and implemented procedures for responding to external enquiries about our Group's affairs, so that only the executive Directors, the Company Secretary and the financial controller of the Company are authorised to communicate with parties outside our Group.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yu Tsz Ngo was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 1 September 2021. He is a member of the Certified Public Accountants Australia and a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. As he is the external service provider to the Group, his primary corporate contact person at the Company is Mr. Tang Ming Hei, an executive Director and the compliance officer of the Company. Ms. Lam Yuen Lan resigned as the company secretary of the Company on 1 September 2021. Mr. Yu has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 March 2022 in compliance with Rule 5.15 of the GEM Listing Rules.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend distribution ratio. In determining the declaration and amount of dividend, the Board takes into account, among other things, the Group's earning performance, financial condition, cash flow situation and capital requirements, the availability of funds to meet the financial covenants of the Group's bank loans and any other factors that the Directors may consider relevant.

## 2021 AGM

The 2021 AGM was held on 10 September 2021. The Company announced the poll results of the 2021 AGM in the manner prescribed under the GEM Listing Rules. The respective chairman of the Board and the Nomination Committee has attended the AGM held on 10 September 2021 to ensure effective communication with the Shareholders. The attendance record of the Directors at the 2021 AGM is set out below:

| Name of Directors  Number of  general meeting  attended/held  Executive Directors  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  1/1  Ms. Woo Lan Ying (resigned on 17 January 2022)  1/1  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  1/1  Ms. Au Man Yi (resigned on 15 July 2021)  N/A  Non-executive Directors  Ms. Au Fung Yee  1/1  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  1/1  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  1/1  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  1/1  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  1/1  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (resigned on 16 February 2022)  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## PROCEDURES FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS

There are no provisions allowing the Shareholders to make proposals or move resolutions at the AGMs under the M&amp;A or the laws of the Cayman Islands. Shareholders who wish to make proposals or move a resolution may, however, convene an extraordinary general meeting (the ' EGM ') in accordance with the 'Procedures for Shareholders to Convene an EGM' set out below.

## PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO CONVENE AN EGM

According to Article 58 of the Articles of Association, any one or more Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company (the ' Eligible Shareholder(s) ') shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to require an EGM to be called by our Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition, including making proposals or moving a resolution at the EGM.

Eligible Shareholders who wish to convene an EGM for the purpose of making proposals or moving a resolution at the EGM must deposit a written requisition (the ' Requisition ') signed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned at the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong (presently Room A4, 2/F., Tsim Sha Tsui Mansion, 83-87 Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong) for the attention of the Company Secretary.

The Requisition must state clearly the name of the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned, his/her/their shareholding in the Company, the reason(s) to convene an EGM and the proposed agenda.

The Company will check the Requisition and the identity and shareholding of the Eligible Shareholder(s) will be verified with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong. If the Requisition is found to be proper and in order, the Company Secretary will ask our Board to convene an EGM and/or include the proposal(s) made or the resolution(s) proposed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) at the EGM within 2 months after the deposit of the Requisition. On the contrary, if the Requisition has been verified as not in order, the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned will be advised of the outcome and accordingly, our Board will not call for an EGM nor include the proposal(s) made or the resolution(s) proposed by the Eligible Shareholder(s) at the EGM.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the Requisition our Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Eligible Shareholder(s) concerned as a result of the failure of our Board shall be reimbursed to the Eligible Shareholder(s) by the Company.

## PROCEDURES FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO SEND ENQUIRES TO OUR BOARD

Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary at the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong.

Upon receipt of the enquiries, the Company Secretary will forward the communications relating to:

1. the matters within our Board's purview to the executive Directors;
2. the matters within a Board committee's area of responsibility to the chairman of the appropriate committee; and
3. ordinary business matters, such as suggestions, enquiries and client complaints to the appropriate management of the Company.

## COMMUNICATION WITH THE SHAREHOLDERS

The Company has adopted a Shareholders' communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the Shareholders will have equal and timely access to information about the Company in order to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner and allow them to engage actively with the Company.

Information will be communicated to the Shareholders through the Company's financial reports, AGMs and other EGMs that may be convened as well as all the published disclosures submitted to the Stock Exchange.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during FY2022.

<!-- image -->

Independent auditor's report to the shareholders of Hing Ming Holdings Limited

興銘控股有限公司

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hing Ming Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 46 to 97, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## The Key Audit Matter

## Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to notes 2(f)(i), 2(h), 13 and 23(a) to the audited consolidated financial statements

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had trade receivables of HK$21,214,000 (2021: HK$18,429,000) with loss allowance of HK$3,803,000 (2021: HK$4,428,000).

Loss allowance for trade receivables are based on management's estimate of the lifetime expected credit losses to be incurred, which is estimated by taking into account the credit loss experience, ageing of trade receivables, customers' repayment history and customers' financial position and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions, all of which involve a significant degree of management judgement.

We identified the impairment of trade receivables as a key audit matter because the assessment of recoverability of trade receivables and recognition of loss allowance are inherently subjective and requires significant management judgement, which increases the risk of error or potential management bias.

Our audit procedures in this area included:

- evaluating the design, implementation and operating effectiveness for key internal controls which govern credit control, debt collection and estimate of expected credit losses.
- assessing, on a sample basis, whether items in the trade receivables ageing report were classified within the appropriate ageing bracket by comparing individual items in the report with the relevant sales invoices.
- assessing the reasonableness of management's loss allowance estimates by examining the information used by management to form such judgements, including testing the accuracy of the historical default data, evaluating whether the historical loss rates are appropriately adjusted based on current economic conditions and forward-looking information and examining the actual losses recorded during the current financial year and assessing whether there was an indication of management bias when recognising loss allowance; and
- reviewing subsequent settlement records and challenging management regarding their reasons for not considering a provision against any unsettled pastdue balances.

## How the matter was addressed in our audit

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- -Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- -Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- -Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- -Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- -Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- -Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Tong Wai Hang.

## Baker Tilly Hong Kong Limited

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong, 22 June 2022 Tong Wai Hang Practising certificate number P06231

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  3  75,441  52,365  Cost of sales and services rendered  (56,591)  (32,846)  Gross profit  18,850  19,519  Other income  4  72  2,305  Impairment loss on financial assets  23(a)  (3,106)  (375)  Administrative expenses  (16,585)  (12,539)  (Loss)/profit from operation  (769)  8,910  Finance costs  5(a)  (1,003)  (406)  (Loss)/profit before taxation  5  (1,772)  8,504  Income tax expense  6  (1,263)  (3,925)  (Loss)/profit and total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (3,035)  4,579  (Loss)/earnings per share  9  - Basic and diluted  HK(0.76) cents  HK1.14 cents   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 51 to 97 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  11  125,631  109,683  Deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment  1,126  3,683  126,757  113,366  Current assets  Inventories  12  210  185  Trade receivables  13  17,411  14,001  Prepayments and deposits  14  4,096  1,112  Cash and cash equivalents  30,422  13,796  52,139  29,094  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  16  12,558  1,220  Lease liabilities  17  5,503  3,282  Current tax payables  -  397  Borrowings  19  14,152  -  32,213  4,899  Net current assets  19,926  24,195  Total assets less current liabilities  146,683  137,561  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  19  4,690  -  Lease liabilities  17  6,194  -  Deferred tax liabilities  18(a)  14,445  13,172  25,329  13,172  NET ASSETS  121,354  124,389  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  22(a)  4,000  4,000  Reserves  117,354  120,389  TOTAL EQUITY  121,354  124,389   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 22 June 2022.

Tang Hing Keung

Director

The notes on pages 51 to 97 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

Tang Ming Hei Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Share  premium  Other  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  equity  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 22(a))  (note 22(c)(i))  (note 22(c)(ii))  Balance at 1 April 2020  4,000  63,824  6,000  45,986  119,810  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  4,579  4,579  Balance at 31 March 2021  4,000  63,824  6,000  50,565  124,389  Loss and total comprehensive  loss for the year  -  -  -  (3,035)  (3,035)  Balance at 31 March 2022  4,000  63,824  6,000  47,530  121,354   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 51 to 97 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (1,772)  8,504  Adjustments for:  - Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net  4, 5(c)  2,835  (460)  - Interest income  4  (12)  (22)  - Finance costs  5(a)  1,003  406  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  5(c)  16,111  16,042  - Impairment loss on trade receivables  5(c)  3,106  375  Operating profit before changes in working capital  21,271  24,845  (Increase)/decrease in inventories  (25)  1,787  Increase in trade receivables  (6,516)  (1,597)  (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and deposits  (2,984)  566  Decrease in contract liabilities  -  (1,826)  Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables  4,025  (2,169)  Cash generated from operations  15,771  21,606  Hong Kong Profits Tax paid  (387)  (5,420)  Net cash generated from operating activities  15,384  16,186  Investing activities  Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment  (10,552)  (15,411)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  265  1,028  Increase in deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment  (400)  (2,957)  Interest received  12  22  Net cash used in investing activities  (10,675)  (17,318)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financing activities  Capital element of lease rental paid  24  (5,922)  (7,158)  Interest element of lease rental paid  24  (297)  (406)  Proceeds from new borrowings  24  35,000  -  Repayment of new borrowings  24  (23,333)  -  Proceeds from obligation under sale and leaseback transaction  24  7,775  -  Repayments for obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction  24  (600)  -  Bank loan interest paid  24  (213)  -  Other interests paid  24  (493)  -  Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities  11,917  (7,564)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  16,626  (8,696)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  13,796  22,492  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  30,422  13,796   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The notes on pages 51 to 97 form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## 1 COMPANY INFORMATION

Hing Ming Holdings Limited (the 'Company') was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 8 April 2016 and its shares are listed on GEM of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 15 March 2017. The registered office of the Company is located at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P .O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands and its principal place of business in Hong Kong is Room A4, 2/F ., Tsim Sha Tsui Mansion, 83-87 Nathan Road, Kowloon.

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the Company's subsidiaries are set out in note 28.

As at 31 March 2022, the directors consider the immediate parent and ultimate holding company of the Group to be Hing Gut Limited, which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (the 'BVI').

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars which is also the functional currency of the Company.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (A) STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE

The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group').

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs'), which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA'), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on GEM of the Stock Exchange (the 'GEM Listing Rules').

The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to HKFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. There have been no significant changes to the accounting policies applied in these consolidated financial statements as a result of these developments. The Group has not applied any new or revised HKFRS that is not yet effective for the current accounting period (see note 31).

A summary of the significant accounting policies adopted by the Group is set out below.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (B) BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis.

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 30.

## (C) SUBSIDIARIES

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised profits arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within consolidated equity to reflect the changes in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss is recognised.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture.

In the Company's statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see note 2(f)(ii)).

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (D) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Items of property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets arising from leases over leasehold properties where the Group is not, the registered owner of the property interest and leases of underlying plant and equipment, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 2(f)(ii)).

Gains or losses arising from the retirement or disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item and are recognised in profit or loss on the date of retirement or disposal.

Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives at the following annual rates:

| Properties leased for own use  Unexpired terms of leases  Plant and machinery  Shorter of 10 to 15 years and unexpired terms of leases  Motor vehicles  5 years  Furniture and equipment  5 years   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of the item is allocated on a reasonable basis between the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Both the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually.

## (E) LEASED ASSETS

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

## (i) As a lessee

At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis over the lease term.

Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease payments payable over the lease term, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (E) LEASED ASSETS (Continued)

- (i) As a lessee (Continued)

The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see notes 2(d) and 2(f)(ii)).

The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract that is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period.

For sale and leaseback transactions, the Group considers whether the initial transfer of the underlying asset to the buyer-lessor is a sale. The Group applies HKFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' to determine whether a sale has taken place.

When the transfer to buyer-lessor is a sale, the Group derecognises the underlying asset and applies the lessee accounting model to the leaseback - the Group measures the right-of-use asset at the retained portion of the previous carrying amount (i.e. at cost), and recognises only the amount of any gain or loss related to the rights transferred to the lessor.

When the transfer to buyer-lessor is not a sale, the Group continues to recognise the underlying asset, and recognises a financial liability for any amount received from the buyer-lessor.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (E) LEASED ASSETS (Continued)

## (ii) As a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. If this is not the case, the lease is classified as an operating lease.

When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 2(q)(ii).

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 2(e)(i), then the Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

## (F) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses ('ECLs') on financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents, deposits, trade receivables and deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment).

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

Expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following discount rates where the effect of discounting is material:

- -fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest rate determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof; and
- -variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate.

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over the Group is exposed to credit risk.

In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (F) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS (Continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

- -12-months ECLs: there are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the reporting period; and
- -lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

Loss allowances for trade receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the end of the reporting period with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment, the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forwardlooking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (F) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS (Continued)

## (i) Credit losses from financial instruments (Continued)

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition:

- -failure to make payments of principal and interest on their contractually due dates;
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);
- -an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and
- -existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument's credit risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

## (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets

Internal and external sources of information are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to identify indications that the following assets may be impaired or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased:

- -property, plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets; and
- -investments in subsidiaries in the Company's statement of financial position.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (F) CREDIT LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment of other non-current assets (Continued)

If any such indication exists, the asset's recoverable amount is estimated.

- -Calculation of recoverable amount

The recoverable amount of an asset is the greater of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where an asset does not generate cash inflows largely independent of those from other assets, the recoverable amount is determined for the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows independently (i.e. a cash-generating unit).

- -Recognition of impairment losses

An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset, or the cashgenerating unit to which it belongs, exceeds its recoverable amount. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are allocated to reduce the carrying amount of the assets in the unit (or group of units) on a pro rata basis, except that the carrying value of an asset will not be reduced below its individual fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable) or value in use (if determinable).

- -Reversals of impairment losses

An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.

A reversal of an impairment loss is limited to the asset's carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised in prior years. Reversals of impairment losses are credited to profit or loss in the year in which the reversals are recognised.

## (G) INVENTORIES

Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

Cost is calculated using the first-in, first-out cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (G) INVENTORIES (Continued)

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

When inventories are sold, the carrying amount of those inventories is recognised as an expense in the period in which the related revenue is recognised.

The amount of any write-down of inventories to net realisable value and all losses of inventories are recognised as an expense in the period the write-down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write-down of inventories is recognised as a reduction in the amount of inventories recognised as an expense in the period in which the reversal occurs.

## (H) TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. Receivables are initially measured at their transaction price and subsequently stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses (see note 2(f)(i)).

## (I) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for expected credit losses in accordance with the accounting policy set out in note 2(f)(i).

## (J) CONTRACT LIABILITIES

A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue (see note 2(q)). A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has unconditional right to receive non-refundable consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised (see note 2(h)).

## (K) TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

## (L) INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest-bearing borrowings are stated at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised in accordance with the accounting policy for borrowing costs (see note 2(s)).

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (M)  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## (i) Short term employee benefits

Salaries, annual bonuses, paid annual leave and the cost of non-monetary benefits are accrued in the year in which the associated services are rendered by employees. Where payment or settlement is deferred and the effect would be material, these amounts are stated at their present values.

## (ii) Defined contribution retirement plans

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are recognised as an expense in profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

## (iii) Share-based payments

The Company operates a share option scheme under which the Group receives services or goods from its directors, employees and other eligible persons as consideration for share options of the Company. The fair value of the services or goods received in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the share options taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. Where the counterparties have to meet vesting conditions before becoming unconditionally entitled to the options, the total estimated fair value of the options is spread over the vesting period, taking into account the probability that the options will vest.

During the vesting period, the number of share options that is expected to vest is reviewed. Any resulting adjustment to the cumulative fair value recognised in prior years is charged/credited to the profit or loss for the year of the review, unless the original employee expenses qualify for recognition as an asset, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve. On vesting date, the amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of options that vest (with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve) except where forfeiture is only due to not achieving vesting conditions that relate to the market price of the Company's shares. The equity amount is recognised in the share option reserve until either the option is exercised (when it is included in the amount of share capital and share premium for shares issued) or the option expires (when it is released directly to retained profits).

## (iv) Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits and when it recognises restructuring costs involving the payment of termination benefits.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (N) INCOME TAX

Income tax for the year comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits.

Apart from certain limited exceptions, all deferred tax liabilities, and all deferred tax assets to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised. Future taxable profits that may support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences include those that will arise from the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, provided those differences relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse either in the same period as the expected reversal of the deductible temporary difference or in periods into which a tax loss arising from the deferred tax asset can be carried back or forward. The same criteria are adopted when determining whether existing taxable temporary differences support the recognition of deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and credits, that is, those differences are taken into account if they relate to the same taxation authority and the same taxable entity, and are expected to reverse in a period, or periods, in which the tax loss or credit can be utilised.

The limited exceptions to recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities are those temporary differences arising from goodwill not deductible for tax purposes, the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit (provided they are not part of a business combination), and temporary differences relating to investments in subsidiaries to the extent that, in the case of taxable differences, the Group controls the timing of the reversal and it is probable that the differences will not reserve in the foreseeable future, or in the case of deductible differences, unless it is probable that they will reverse in the future.

The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow the related tax benefit to be utilised. Any such reduction is reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (N) INCOME TAX (Continued)

Additional income taxes that arise from the distribution of dividends are recognised when the liability to pay the related dividends is recognised.

Current tax balances and deferred tax balances, and movements therein, are presented separately from each other and are not offset. Current tax assets are offset against current tax liabilities, and deferred tax assets against deferred tax liabilities, if the Company or the Group has the legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the following additional conditions are met:

- -in the case of current tax assets and liabilities, the Company or the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously; or
- -in the case of deferred tax assets and liabilities, if they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either:
- -the same taxable entity; or
- -different taxable entities, which, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered, intend to realise the current tax assets and settle the current tax liabilities on a net basis or realise and settle simultaneously.

## (O) FINANCIAL GUARANTEES ISSUED

Financial guarantees are contracts that require the issuer (i.e. the guarantor) to make specified payments to reimburse the beneficiary of the guarantee (the 'holder') for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantees issued are initially recognised at fair value, which is determined by reference to fees charged in an arm's length transaction for similar services, when such information is obtainable, or to interest rate differentials, by comparing the actual rates charged by lenders when the guarantee is made available with estimated rates that lenders would have charged, had the guarantees not been available, where reliable estimates of such information can be made. Where consideration is received or receivable for the issuance of the guarantee, the consideration is recognised in accordance with the Group's policies applicable to that category of asset. Where no such consideration is received or receivable, an immediate expense is recognised in profit or loss.

The Group monitors the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract and recognises a provision when ECLs on the financial guarantees are determined to be higher than the amount carried in deferred income in respect of the guarantees (i.e. the amount initially recognised, less accumulated amortisation). To determine ECLs, the Group considers changes in the risk of default of the specified debtor since the issuance of the guarantee. A 12-month ECL is measured unless the risk that the specified debtor will default has increased significantly since the guarantee is issued, in which case a lifetime ECL is measured. The same definition of default and the same assessment of significant increase in credit risk as described in note 2(f)(i) apply.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (O) FINANCIAL GUARANTEES ISSUED (Continued)

As the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the specified debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed, an ECL is estimated based on the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amount that the Group expects to receive from the holder of the guarantee, the specified debtor or any other party. The amount is then discounted using the current risk-free rate adjusted for risks specific to the cash flows.

## (P) PROVISIONS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditure expected to settle the obligation.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

## (Q) REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME

Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods, the provision of services or the use by others of the Group's assets under leases in the ordinary course of the Group's business.

Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, or the lessee has the right to use the asset, at the amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63 of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.

Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

## (i) Sale of goods

Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the products. If the products are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other goods and/or services, then the amount of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under the contract, allocated between all the goods and services promised under the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (Q) REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME (Continued)

## (ii) Rental and related service income

Rental and related service income is recognised in profit or loss in equal installments over the period covered by the lease term or over time on an utilisation time basis.

## (iii) Interest income

Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method.

## (iv) Government grants

Government grants are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position initially when there is reasonable assurance that they will be received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them. Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis in the same periods in which the expenses are incurred. Grants that compensate the Group for the cost of an asset are deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and consequently are effectively recognised in profit or loss over the useful life of the asset by way of reduced depreciation expense.

## (R) TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES

Foreign currency transactions during the year are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the foreign exchange rates ruling at the end of the reporting period. Exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the transaction dates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that are stated at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rates ruling at the dates the fair value was measured.

## (S) BORROWING COSTS

Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## (T) RELATED PARTIES

(a) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:

- (i) has control or joint control of the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

## 2 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## (T) RELATED PARTIES (Continued)

- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group.
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The entity, or any members of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

## (U) SEGMENT REPORTING

Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements, are identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group's executive directors for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group's various lines of business and geographical locations.

Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

## 3 REVENUE

Revenue represents income received and receivable from rental and related services and trading of equipment and spare parts during the year and is summarised as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of  HKFRS 15  Equipment installation and inspection services  34,609  12,385  Trading of equipment and spare parts  3,487  8,628  38,096  21,013  Revenue from other sources  Rental income from leasing equipment and spare parts  37,345  31,352  75,441  52,365  Timing of revenue recognition  A point in time  3,487  8,628  Over time  71,954  43,737  75,441  52,365   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (A) REVENUE EXPECTED TO BE RECOGNISED IN THE FUTURE ARISING FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS IN EXISTENCE AT THE REPORTING DATE

As at 31 March 2022, the aggregated amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the Group's existing contracts is HK$32,458,000 (2021: HK$Nil). This amount represents revenue expected to be recognised in the future from pre-completion services contracts for equipment installation and inspection service contracts entered into by the customers with the Group. The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when or as the work is completed, which is expected to occur within the next 2 years (2021: Nil).

## (B) TOTAL MINIMUM LEASE PAYMENTS RECEIVABLE BY THE GROUP

As at 31 March 2022, total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place will be receivable by the Group were HK$52,935,000 (2021: HK$12,629,000). All these lease payments were receivable within one to two years.

## 4 OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank interest income  12  22  Exchange gains  55  276  Government grants (note)  -  1,453  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net  -  460  Sundry income  5  94  72  2,305   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Government grants included Covid-19 relief subsidies received. There were no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to the subsidies and government grants that had been recognised by the Group.

## 5 (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

(Loss)/profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:

## (A) FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest on bank loan  213  -  Interest on other borrowings  389  -  Interest on lease liabilities  297  406  Finance charge on sale and leaseback transaction  104  -  1,003  406   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (B) STAFF COSTS (INCLUDING DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (NOTE 7)):

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, wages and other benefits  17,193  15,164  Contributions to defined contribution retirement plan  510  465  17,703  15,629   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5 (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)

(Loss)/profit before taxation is arrived at after charging: (Continued)

## (C) OTHER ITEMS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's remuneration  515  445  Cost of inventories sold and material consumed  9,476  4,626  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  16,111  16,042  Expense relating to short-term leases or leases of low-value assets  375  21  Impairment loss on trade receivables  3,106  375  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  2,835  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

- (A) Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax - Hong Kong Profits Tax  Provision for the year  -  3,171  Over-provision in respect of prior years  (10)  (20)  (10)  3,151  Deferred tax (note 18)  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  1,273  774  Income tax expense  1,263  3,925   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 INCOME TAX IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

## (A)

## Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents: (Continued)

## Hong Kong Profits Tax

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the year ended 31 March 2022 as the companies within the Group incurred losses for tax purpose or had sufficient tax losses brought forward to set off estimated assessable profits.

For the year ended 31 March 2021, Hong Kong Profits Tax was calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profits for the year, except for one subsidiary of the Group which was a qualifying corporation under the twotiered Profits Tax rate regime. For this subsidiary, the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profit was taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profit was taxed at 16.5%.

## Income tax from other tax jurisdictions

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Group is not subject to any income tax in respective tax jurisdictions.

## (B) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting (loss)/profit at applicable tax rates:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (1,772)  8,504  Notional tax on profit before taxation at Hong Kong statutory tax rate  (292)  1,238  Tax effect of non-deductible expenses  226  315  Tax effect of non-taxable income  (43)  (288)  Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised  3,814  2,676  Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised  (2,338)  -  Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised  (94)  4  Over-provision in respect of prior years  (10)  (20)  Income tax expense  1,263  3,925   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Directors' remuneration disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation and the GEM Listing Rules are as follows:

| Directors' fees  Salaries, allowances  and benefits in kind  Discretionary  bonuses  Retirement scheme  contributions  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive directors  Mr. Tang Hing Keung  (Chief executive)  -  -  1,200  1,200  1,500  1,500  18  18  2,718  2,718  Mr. Tang Ming Hei  -  -  560  360  500  -  18  18  1,078  378  Ms. Au Man Yi (note(i))  -  -  105  360  -  -  5  18  110  378  Ms. Woo Lan Ying (note(ii))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Non-executive directors  Ms. Au Fung Yee  150  150  -  -  -  -  -  -  150  150  Mr. Au Lop Wah Edmond  150  150  -  -  -  -  -  -  150  150  Independent non-executive  directors  Mr. Kwan Woon Man Boris  100  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  100  100  Mr. Chiu Chi Wing  100  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  100  100  Mr. Yeung Chi Fai  100  8  -  -  -  -  -  -  100  8  Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda (note (iii))  88  100  -  -  -  -  -  -  88  100  688  608  1,865  1,920  2,000  1,500  41  54  4,594  4,082   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Ms. Au Man Yi resigned on 15 July 2021.

(ii) Ms. Woo Lan Ying resigned on 17 January 2022.

(iii) Ms. Li Kai Lai Miranda resigned on 16 February 2022.

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, no director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments. No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## 8 INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2021: two) are directors whose emoluments are disclosed in note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three (2021: three) individuals are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  1,584  1,510  Discretionary bonuses  203  1,800  Retirement scheme contributions  39  48  1,826  3,358   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments of the three (2021: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:

| 2022  2021  Number of  individuals  Number of  individuals  HK$Nil to HK$1,000,000  3  2  HK$1,000,001 to HK$2,000,000  -  -  HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000  -  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended 31 March 2022, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the individuals with highest emoluments of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## 9 (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$3,035,000 (2021: profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$4,579,000) and the weighted average number of 400,000,000 (2021: 400,000,000) ordinary shares in issue during the year.

As the Company does not have any potential dilutive ordinary shares during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same.

## 10  SEGMENT REPORTING

## (A) SEGMENT REPORTING

The Group has identified its operating segment based on the regular internal financial information reported to the Company's executive directors, being the chief operating decision maker, for their decisions about resources allocation and review of performance. During the years, the executive directors have considered the only operating segment of the Group is rental and related services and trading of equipment and spare parts.

## (B) GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

The following table sets out information about the geographical location of the Group's revenue from external customers and the Group's non-current assets.

| 2022  2021  Revenue  from external  customers  Non-current  assets  Revenue  from external  customers  Non-current  assets  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  70,960  123,482  47,617  102,500  Thailand  472  -  252  -  Macau  1,547  -  1,393  -  Singapore  2,325  2,149  3,088  7,183  Others  137  -  15  -  75,441  125,631  52,365  109,683   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (C) MAJOR CUSTOMERS

Revenue from the major customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group's total revenue is set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A  20,683  21,591  Customer B  11,178  16,902  Customer C  33,083  N/A*   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The corresponding revenue did not contribute 10% or more of the Group's revenue.

## 11  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Properties  leased for  own use  Plant and  machinery  Motor  vehicles  Furniture  and  equipment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020  3,706  128,382  5,934  530  138,552  Additions  -  21,625  347  12  21,984  Disposals  -  (20)  (1,343)  (12)  (1,375)  Written off  -  -  -  (194)  (194)  Transferred to inventories  -  (874)  -  -  (874)  At 31 March 2021  3,706  149,113  4,938  336  158,093  At 1 April 2021  3,706  149,113  4,938  336  158,093  Additions  4,945  29,365  690  159  35,159  Disposals  -  (17,581)  (290)  (2)  (17,873)  Written off  (3,706)  -  -  (50)  (3,756)  At 31 March 2022  4,945  160,897  5,338  443  171,623  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 April 2020  463  28,884  3,745  371  33,463  Charge for the year  1,853  13,499  629  61  16,042  Write back on disposals  -  (16)  (788)  (3)  (807)  Written off  -  -  -  (194)  (194)  Transferred to inventories  -  (94)  -  -  (94)  At 31 March 2021  2,316  42,273  3,586  235  48,410  At 1 April 2021  2,316  42,273  3,586  235  48,410  Charge for the year  2,165  13,319  566  61  16,111  Write back on disposals  -  (14,748)  (25)  -  (14,773)  Written off  (3,706)  -  -  (50)  (3,756)  At 31 March 2022  775  40,844  4,127  246  45,992  Net book value  At 31 March 2022  4,170  120,053  1,211  197  125,631  At 31 March 2021  1,390  106,840  1,352  101  109,683   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

## (A) RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (INCLUDED IN THE PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT)

## The Group as lessee

| Properties leased  for own use  Plant and  machinery  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 March 2021  Carrying amount  1,390  23,309  24,699  As at 31 March 2022  Carrying amount  4,170  11,586  15,756  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Depreciation charge  1,853  2,775  4,628  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Depreciation charge  2,165  374  2,539  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Expense relating to short-term leases or leases of low-value assets  375  21  Total cash outflow for leases  6,219  7,564   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in note 17.

During the year, additions to right-of-use assets amounted to HK$16,905,000 (2021: HK$Nil). This amount included the purchase of plant and machinery of HK$11,960,000 (2021: HK$Nil) under hire purchase agreement, and the remainder was primarily related to the capitalised lease payments payable under new tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for a period of 2 to 4 years. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

## 11  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

## (B) MACHINERIES LEASED OUT UNDER OPERATING LEASES (INCLUDED IN THE PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT)

| HK$'000  Cost  At 1 April 2020  45,504  Additions  17,613  At 31 March 2021  63,117  At 1 April 2021  63,117  Additions  31,229  At 31 March 2022  94,346  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 April 2020  3,074  Charge for the year  5,150  At 31 March 2021  8,224  At 1 April 2021  8,224  Charge for the year  7,096  At 31 March 2022  15,320  Net book value  At 31 March 2022  79,026  At 31 March 2021  54,893   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases out a number of items of machinery under operating leases. The leases typically run for a period of 1 to 2 years. None of the leases includes variable lease payments. Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date will be receivable by the Group in future periods are approximately HK$33,719,000 in the next two years (2021: approximately HK$12,629,000 in the next two years).

## 11  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

## (C) ASSETS PLEDGED AS SECURITY FOR LIABILITIES

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group entered into a sale and leaseback arrangement for a tower crane with external party. The Group determined the transfer to buyer-lessor did not qualify as a sale as it did not satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of asset, thus the Group continues to recognise the underlying asset, and accounts for the consideration received in accordance with the accounting policy set out on note 2(e)(i). No gain or loss was recognised from the sale and leaseback transaction. As at 31 March 2022, the net book value of the machinery and equipment pledged for the aforementioned sale and leaseback transaction was HK$8,070,000 (Note 19(b)).

## 12  INVENTORIES

Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Inventories for resale  210  185   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13  TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  21,214  18,429  Less: loss allowance (note 23(a))  (3,803)  (4,428)  17,411  14,001   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date (or date of revenue recognition, if earlier) and net of loss allowance for credit losses, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 month  7,696  4,185  More than 1 month but less than 3 months  5,883  4,497  More than 3 months but less than 6 months  3,349  2,034  More than 6 months but less than 1 year  483  2,958  More than 1 year  -  327  17,411  14,001   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details on the Group's credit policy are set out in note 23(a).

## 14  PREPAYMENTS AND DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Prepayments  1,136  608  Deposits  2,960  504  4,096  1,112   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount of deposits expected to be recovered or recognised as expenses after more than one year is HK$495,000 (2021: HK$383,000). All of the other receivables are expected to be recovered or recognised as expenses within one year.

## 15  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

These represent billings in advance of performance under the sales contracts with customers.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Balance at 1 April  -  1,826  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue in respect of  the contract liabilities during the year  -  (1,826)  Balance at 31 March  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  3,317  333  Payable for purchase of property, plant and equipment  7,313  -  Accrual expenses and other payables  1,928  887  12,558  1,220   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

All trade and other payables are expected to be settled within one year.

As of the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade payables, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 month  951  5  More than 1 month but less than 3 months  2,366  328  3,317  333   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17  LEASE LIABILITIES

The lease liabilities are repayable as follows:

| 31 March 2022  31 March 2021  Present  value of the  minimum lease  payments  Total minimum  lease payments  Present  value of the  minimum lease  payments  Total minimum  lease payments  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within 1 year  5,503  5,945  3,282  3,336  After 1 year but within 2 years  3,510  3,721  -  -  After 2 years but within 5 years  2,684  2,793  -  -  6,194  6,514  -  -  11,697  12,459  3,282  3,336  Less: total future interest expenses  (762)  (54)  Present value of lease liabilities  11,697  3,282   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18  DEFERRED TAX

## (A) DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES RECOGNISED

The movements of deferred tax liabilities arising from depreciation allowance in excess of the related depreciation during the year are as follows:

| HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  12,398  Charged to profit or loss  774  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  13,172  Charged to profit or loss  1,273  At 31 March 2022  14,445   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (B) DEFERRED TAX ASSETS NOT RECOGNISED

As at 31 March 2022, the Group has not recognised deferred tax assets in respect of cumulative tax losses and other temporary differences of approximating HK$55,336,000 (2021: HK$46,392,000) and HK$3,803,000 (2021: HK$4,428,000) respectively as it is not probable that future taxable profits against which the tax losses and temporary differences can be utilised/reversed will be available. The tax losses do not expire under current tax legislation.

## 19  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current  Obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction (note 11(c))  (b)  4,690  -  4,690  -  Current  Bank loan-secured  (a)  11,667  -  Obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction (note 11(c))  (b)  2,485  -  14,152  -  18,842  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19  BORROWINGS (Continued)

## (A) BANK LOAN

Bank loan was repayable as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 1 year  10,000  -  1 to 2 years  1,667  -  11,667  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The bank loan is secured by corporate guarantee of the Company and personal guarantee of the Company's directors, namely Mr. Tang Hing Keung and Ms. Au Fung Yee. Interest is charged at 4.6% per annum.

(ii) The current liabilities include bank loan of HK$1,667,000 (2021: HK$Nil) that are not scheduled to repay within one year. It is classified as current liabilities as the relevant loan agreement contains a clause that provides the lender with an unconditional right to demand repayment at any time at their own discretion.

## (B) OBLIGATION ARISING FROM SALE AND LEASEBACK TRANSACTION

Obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction was repayable as below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 1 year  2,817  -  1 to 2 years  2,817  -  2 to 3 years  2,113  -  Total undiscounted obligation arising from  sale and leaseback transaction  7,747  -  Less: total future interest expenses  (572)  -  Obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction  included in the consolidated statements of  financial position  7,175  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19  BORROWINGS (Continued)

## (B) OBLIGATION ARISING FROM SALE AND LEASEBACK TRANSACTION (Continued)

Maturity analysis - present value of obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Less than 1 year  2,485  -  1 to 2 years  2,625  -  2 to 3 years  2,065  -  Present value of obligation arising from  sale and leaseback transaction  7,175  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, obligation arising from sale and leaseback transaction was secured by pledge of the Group's machinery and equipment with net bank value of HK$8,070,000 (see note 11(c)).

## 20  RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group operates the MPF scheme under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme, Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

## 21  EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

The Company's share option scheme (the 'Share Option Scheme') was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 23 February 2017 for the purpose of providing incentives or rewards to eligible persons whom the board of directors (the 'Board') considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the Group. The Share Option Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing on 23 February 2017.

Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board may grant options to eligible persons, including directors of the Company and members of the Group, to subscribe for the shares of the Company. Eligible persons of the Share Option Scheme include, among others, any executive, any employee (including full-time or part-time employee), director (including nonexecutive and independent non-executive), shareholder of any member of the Group and an associate of any of the aforementioned persons (the 'Eligible Persons').

## 21  EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

Options granted shall be taken up upon payment of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant of option. The payment or remittance of HK$1.00 shall be made within 21 days from the offer date or within such other period of time as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the GEM Listing Rules. The maximum number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares in issue from time to time. No options shall be granted under the Share Option Scheme at any time if such grant shall result in the scheme limit being exceeded. The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 40,000,000 shares (equivalent to 10% of the total number of shares in issue as at the date of passing the relevant resolution in general meeting). The Company may seek approval of its shareholders in general meeting for refreshing such 10% limit.

Where any grant of options to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director, or any of their respective associates, would result in the shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant (i) representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares in issue on the date of such grant; and (ii) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, in excess of HK$5,000,000, such further grant of the options shall be subject to prior approval of the shareholders with such person and his associates abstaining from voting in favour at the general meeting.

Any grant of options to any director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined in the GEM Listing Rules) of the Company, or any of their respective associates under the Share Option Scheme is subject to the prior approval of the independent non-executive directors (excluding the independent non-executive director who or whose associate is the grantee of an option).

The subscription price for the shares is determined by the Board, and shall not be less than whichever is the highest of (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of offer (which must be a business day); (ii) the average of the closing prices of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

No share option under the Share Option Scheme was granted or outstanding during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 22  SHARE CAPITAL, DIVIDENDS AND RESERVES

## (A) SHARE CAPITAL

| 2022  2021  Number of  shares  Amount  Number of  shares  Amount  '000  HK$'000  '000  HK$'000  Authorised:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  10,000,000  100,000  10,000,000  100,000  Issued and fully paid:  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each  400,000  4,000  400,000  4,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at the meetings of the Company. All shares rank equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

## (B) DIVIDENDS

The directors do not recommend the payment of a dividend in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: HK$Nil).

## (C) NATURE AND PURPOSE OF RESERVES

## (i) Share premium

The share premium represents the amount subscribed for share capital in excess of nominal value, less of share issuing costs. Under the Companies Law, Cap.22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account of the Company are distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be paid, the Company will be able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## (ii) Other reserve

The other reserve of the Group represents the difference between the total equity of those subsidiaries and the aggregated share capital of the relevant subsidiaries pursuant to the group reorganisation where the transfer of the relevant subsidiaries to the Company are satisfied by issue of new shares from the Company.

## 22  SHARE CAPITAL, DIVIDENDS AND RESERVES (Continued)

## (D) DISTRIBUTABILITY OF RESERVES

As at 31 March 2022, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$48,059,000 (2021: HK$53,905,000), being the aggregate of the share premium and accumulated losses of the Company.

## (E) CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Group's capital management objectives include:

- (i) to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, so that it continues to provide returns for owners and benefits for other stakeholders;
- (ii) to support the Group's stability and growth; and
- (iii) to provide capital for the purpose of strengthening the Group's risk management capability.

The Group actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure to ensure optimal capital structure and shareholder's returns, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the Group and capital efficiency, prevailing and projected profitability, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures and projected strategic investment opportunities.

Management regards total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company as capital. The amount of capital as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately HK$121,354,000 and HK$124,389,000 respectively.

The Group's overall strategy remained unchanged during the year.

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group's business. The Group's exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the Group to manage these risks are described below.

## (A) CREDIT RISK

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables. The Group's exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents is limited because the counterparties are banks for which the Group considers to have low credit risk.

The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. At the end of the reporting period, the Group had a concentration of credit risk as 33% (2021: 38%) and 90% (2021: 81%) of total trade receivables due from the largest customer and five largest customers respectively.

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (A) CREDIT RISK (Continued)

Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These take into account the customer's past payment history, financial position and other factors. Trade receivables are due within 30 days from the billing date or based on the terms agreed in the sale and rental agreements.

The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group's historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group's different customer bases.

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables as at 31 March 2022:

| Expected  loss rate  Gross carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current (not past due)  1.08%  7,768  (84)  7,684  Less than 1 month past due  2.44%  5,456  (133)  5,323  1 to 3 months past due  13.96%  2,901  (405)  2,496  4 to 6 months past due  5.13%  1,579  (81)  1,498  More than 6 months but less than 1 year past due  80.54%  2,107  (1,697)  410  More than 1 year but less than 2 years past due  100.00%  1,196  (1,196)  -  More than 2 years past due  100.00%  207  (207)  -  21,214  (3,803)  17,411   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (A) CREDIT RISK (Continued)

The following table provides information about the Group's exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade receivables as at 31 March 2021:

| Expected  loss rate  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net  carrying  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current (not past due)  0.14%  4,191  (6)  4,185  Less than 1 month past due  0.26%  4,252  (11)  4,241  1 to 3 months past due  1.77%  905  (16)  889  4 to 6 months past due  3.35%  2,001  (67)  1,934  More than 6 months but less than 1 year past due  7.22%  2,756  (199)  2,557  More than 1 year but less than 2 years past due  50.00%  390  (195)  195  More than 2 years past due  100.00%  3,934  (3,934)  -  18,429  (4,428)  14,001   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past one year. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been collected, current conditions and the Group's view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

## Movements in loss allowance in respect of trade receivables:

| HK$'000  Balance at 1 April 2020  4,053  Impairment losses recognised during the year  375  Balance at 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  4,428  Amounts written off during the year  (3,731)  Impairment losses recognised during the year  3,106  Balance at 31 March 2022  3,803   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (B) LIQUIDITY RISK

The Group's policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate committed lines of funding to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group's financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

| 2022  Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year  or on  demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade and other payables  12,558  12,558  12,558  -  -  Lease liabilities  11,697  12,459  5,945  3,721  2,793  Borrowings  18,842  19,750  13,143  4,494  2,113  43,097  44,767  31,646  8,215  4,906  2021  Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year  or on  demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade and other payables  1,220  1,220  1,220  -  -  Lease liabilities  3,282  3,336  3,336  -  -  4,502  4,556  4,556  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Bank loan included in the loan and borrowings are classified as current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position as they will be repaid upon demand, according to the demand clause of the relevant loan agreement. The above information reflects the repayment schedules in accordance with the relevant agreement.

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (C) INTEREST RATE RISK

The Group's interest rate risk arises primarily from bank deposits, borrowings and lease liabilities. Borrowings issued at fixed rate and variable rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk respectively. The Group's interest rate profile as monitored by management is set out below.

## (i) Interest rate profile

The following table details the interest rate profile of the Group's interest-earning financial assets and interest-bearing financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  Effective  interest rate  Effective  interest rate  %  HK$'000  %  HK$'000  Fixed rate borrowings:  Lease liabilities  5.25  (11,697)  5.25-6.19  (3,282)  Bank loan  4.6  (11,667)  N/A  -  Obligation arising from sale and  leaseback transaction  5.5  (7,175)  N/A  -  (30,539)  (3,282)  Variable rate deposits:  Bank deposits  0.03-0.08  30,421  0.12-0.24  13,796  Net (borrowings)/deposits  (118)  10,514   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Sensitivity analysis

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 10 basis points in interest rates, with all other variables held constant, would have no significant impact on the Group's (loss)/ profit after tax and retained profits for the year.

The sensitivity analysis above has been determined assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to the exposure to interest rate risk for financial instruments in existence at that date. The 10 basis points increase or decrease represents management's assessment of a reasonably possible change in interest rates over the period until the end of the next annual reporting period. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021.

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (D) FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates.

The Group is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate. The currency giving rise to this risk is primarily Euro ('EUR') and United States dollars ('USD'). The Group does not hold or issue material derivative financial instruments for trading purposes or to hedge against fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, but the management continuously monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

The following table details the Group's exposure at the end of the reporting period to foreign currency risk arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the operations to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Hong Kong dollars, translated using the spot rate at the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  Denominated in  Denominated in  EUR  USD  EUR  USD  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deposits paid for purchase of property,  plant and equipment  -  726  2,343  1,340  Trade and other receivables  24  854  120  1,137  Cash and cash equivalents  8,290  1,812  1,660  3,208  Trade and other payables  (7,000)  -  (256)  -  Net exposure  1,314  3,392  3,867  5,685   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table indicates that the instantaneous change in the Group's (loss)/profit after tax (and retained profits) that would arise if the foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained constant.

## 23  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (Continued)

## (D) FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK (Continued)

| 2022  2021  Increase/  (decrease)  in foreign  exchange  rates  Effect  on loss  after tax  Effect on  retained  profits  Increase/  (decrease) in  foreign  exchange  rates  Effect on  profit after  tax and  retained  profits  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  EUR  5%  (55)  55  5%  161  (5%)  55  (55)  (5%)  (161)  USD  5%  (142)  142  5%  237  (5%)  142  (142)  (5%)  (237)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis of the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk at the end of the year has been determined based on the assumed percentage changes in foreign exchange rates taking place at the beginning of the financial year and held constant throughout the year. The assumed changes represent management's assessment of reasonably possible changes in foreign exchange rates over the period until the next reporting date.

A reasonable change in foreign exchange rates for EUR and USD in the next twelve months is assessed to result in immaterial change in the Group's loss after tax, retained profits and other components of equity.

Exposures to foreign exchange rates vary during the year depending on the volume of transactions denominated in foreign currency. Nevertheless, the analysis above is considered to be representative of the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk.

## (E) CATEGORIES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Financial assets measured at amortised cost  49,454  28,180  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost  43,097  4,502   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (F) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

The carrying amounts of financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost are not materially different from their fair values at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 24  CASH FLOW INFORMATION

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Lease  liabilities  Bank loan  Obligation  arising from  sale and  leaseback  transaction  Other  borrowings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 17)  (note 19)  (note 19)  At 1 April 2020  10,440  -  -  -  10,440  Changes from financing  cash flows:  Capital element of lease  rentals paid  (7,158)  -  -  -  (7,158)  Interest element of lease  rentals paid  (406)  -  -  -  (406)  Total changes from financing  cash flows  (7,564)  -  -  -  (7,564)  Other changes:  Interest expenses (note 5(a))  406  -  -  -  406  Total other changes  406  -  -  -  406  At 31 March 2021 and  1 April 2021  3,282  -  -  -  3,282   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24  CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

| Lease  liabilities  Bank loan  Obligation  arising from  sale and  leaseback  transaction  Other  borrowings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 17)  (note 19)  (note 19)  At 31 March 2021 and  1 April 2021  3,282  -  -  -  3,282  Changes from financing  cash flows:  Proceeds from new loans  -  15,000  -  20,000  35,000  Repayment of new loans  -  (3,333)  -  (20,000)  (23,333)  Capital element of lease  rentals paid  (5,922)  -  -  -  (5,922)  Interest element of lease  rentals paid  (297)  -  -  -  (297)  Proceeds from borrowings under  sale and leaseback transaction  -  -  7,775  -  7,775  Repayments for obligations  arising from sale and  leaseback transaction  -  -  (600)  -  (600)  Interest paid  -  (213)  (104)  (389)  (706)  Total changes from financing  cash flows  (6,219)  11,454  7,071  (389)  11,917  Other changes:  Increase in lease liabilities  from entering into new leases  during the year  14,337  -  -  -  14,337  Interest expenses (note 5(a))  297  213  104  389  1,003  Total other changes  14,634  213  104  389  15,340  At 31 March 2022  11,697  11,667  7,175  -  30,539   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 March 2022, the Company issued corporate guarantee to a subsidiary in respect of the plant and machinery under lease arrangement at 5.12% - 5.18% per annum (2021: 6.19%) with the carrying amount of approximately HK$7,486,000 (2021: HK$1,847,000).

## 26  COMMITMENTS

Capital commitments outstanding at 31 March 2021 and 2022 not provided for in the financial statements were as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contracted for  1,067  2,127   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27  MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (A) REMUNERATION FOR KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE GROUP, INCLUDING AMOUNTS PAID TO THE COMPANY'S DIRECTORS AS DISCLOSED IN NOTE 7, IS AS FOLLOWS:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  4,553  4,028  Retirement scheme contributions  41  54  4,594  4,082   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total remuneration is included in 'staff costs' (see note 5(b)).

## (B) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Saved as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  Related party  Nature of transaction  HK$'000  HK$'000  Company controlled by  Mr. Tang Hing Keung (Director)  Purchases  500  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28  SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name of company  Place of  incorporation  and registration  Particulars of issued and  paid-up share capital/  registered capital  Proportion of Group's  ownership interest  Principal  activities  2022  2021  Directly held by the Company  Trend Novel Limited  BVI  1 share of US$1  100%  100%  Investment holding  Indirectly held by the Company  Hing Ming Gondola (HK) Company Limited  Hong Kong  6,000,000 shares  (HK$6,000,000)  100%  100%  Trading, installation and  renting of suspended  working platforms and  other construction  equipments  Hing Ming Equipment Company Limited  Hong Kong  1 share (HK$1)  100%  100%  Trading, installation  and renting of  construction  equipment (2021:  Construction  consulting and project  management)  Hing Ming Construction Equipment  Company Limited  Hong Kong  1 share (HK$1)  100%  100%  Construction consulting  and project  management  Qipeng Holdings Limited (Note)  BVI  1 share of US$1  100%  -  Dormant   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Qipeng Holdings Limited was incorporated during the year.

## 29  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY

## (A) STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Investments in subsidiaries  -  -  Current assets  Prepayments  176  144  Cash and cash equivalents  575  812  Amounts due from subsidiaries  59,428  59,986  60,179  60,942  Current liabilities  Other payables  135  52  Amounts due to subsidiaries  7,985  2,985  8,120  3,037  Net current assets  52,059  57,905  NET ASSETS  52,059  57,905  CAPITAL AND RESERVES  Share capital  4,000  4,000  Reserves  48,059  53,905  TOTAL EQUITY  52,059  57,905   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29  FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

## (B) DETAILS OF CHANGES IN THE COMPANY'S RESERVES DURING THE YEAR:

| Share premium  Accumulated  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (note 22(c)(i))  Balance at 1 April 2020  63,824  (6,733)  57,091  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (3,186)  (3,186)  Balance at 31 March 2021 and at 1 April 2021  63,824  (9,919)  53,905  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (5,846)  (5,846)  Balance at 31 March 2022  63,824  (15,765)  48,059   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

## (I) USEFUL LIVES OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. Management will revise the depreciation charge where useful lives are different to previously estimated, or will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.

## 30  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## (II) LOSS ALLOWANCES FOR TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

The Group estimates the loss allowances for trade and other receivables by assessing the ECLs. This requires the use of estimates and judgements. ECLs are based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where the estimation is different from the previous estimate, such difference will affect the carrying amounts of trade and other receivables and thus the impairment loss in the period in which such estimate is changed.

## 31  POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2022

Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of amendments and a new standard, HKFRS 17 'Insurance Contracts', which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 March 2022 and which have not been adopted in these consolidated financial statements. These include the following which may be relevant to the Group:

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1  Amendments to HKAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1  Amendments to HKAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1  Amendments to HKFRSs  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle 1  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and  HKFRS Practice Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 2  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them will not have a significant impact on the Group's financial position and performance.

## FIVE YEARS' FINANCIAL SUMMARY

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  RESULTS  Revenue  75,441  52,365  55,221  48,156  53,034  (Loss)/profit before taxation  (1,772)  8,504  6,750  9,604  18,504  Income tax expense  (1,263)  (3,925)  (5,646)  (3,279)  (3,130)  (Loss)/profit and total comprehensive  (loss)/income for the year  (3,035)  4,579  1,104  6,325  15,374  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Total assets  178,896  142,460  150,529  147,345  126,179  Total liabilities  (57,542)  (18,071)  (30,719)  (28,639)  (12,963)  121,354  124,389  119,810  118,706  113,216   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|