Honey)

Bun

Honey

Bun

## ANNUAL REPORT

<!-- image -->

TH

Honey

Bun

Bun

Honey

Hor

HONEY BUN ANNUAL REPORT 2022

Honey

Bun

Ioney

Bun

Honey

Bun

Honey

Bun

Honey

Bun

Th

Honey

Bun

Honey)

Bun

Bun loney

Bun

Honey

Bun

Honey

'Honey

<!-- image -->

## COMPANY HISTORY

Honey Bun was founded in 1982 by Herbert Chong, now Executive Chairman, and Michelle Chong, the CEO. The company has grown exponentially from a small retail bakery, to a wholesale bakery publicly listed on the Jamaica Junior Stock Exchange.

Specializing in individually packaged pastries and baked snacks, Honey Bun produces several variations of over a dozen products resulting in a range of over 40 SKUs from three brands: Honey Bun, Island Bites and Buccaneer Jamaica Rum Cakes.

Honey Bun was the first Jamaican bakery to be HACCP certified, in 2016. Since its listing on the JSE in 2011, the company is continuously recognized by the JSE for innovation, operations and leadership. The Company has built a strong reputation for transparency and good Corporate Governance, having won the JSE award for Corporate Disclosure and Investor Relations seven times, and the Governor General's Award for Best practices five times, among many others.

The 24/7 baking operation, located in Kingston, Jamaica with over 400 employees, embodies its mission statement; 'We are bound to LEAD through Innovation, ACHIEVE Prosperity for our stakeholders and SERVE the greater good of Mankind'. In 2019, the CEO founded The Honey Bun Foundation, focused on the growth of SMEs and the Creative Industry, to help grow the Jamaican economy.

Honey Bun exports through the Caribbean region and the USA, along with UK and Canada. Our products can be found in major chains including Publix in USA, ASDA and Tesco in the UK and Loblaws in Canada, as well as small independent stores.

## MISSION, VISION AND CORPORATE VALUES

## VISION

Making Life more delicious for everyone everywhere!

## MISSION

We are bound to LEAD through Innovation, ACHIEVE Prosperity for our stakeholders and SERVE the greater good of Mankind.

## CORPORATE VALUES

I am committed to the Vision, Mission, success and core values of Honey Bun. Our core values serve our stakeholders:

Customers  •  Employees  •  Shareholders  • Suppliers  •  Community at large

TEAM WORK: I  am a team player and team leader. I do whatever it takes to stay together and achieve team goals. I focus on co-operation and always come to a resolution, not a compromise. I am flexible in my work and able to change if what I am doing is not working. I ask for help when I need it and I am compassionate to others who ask me.

RESPECT: I will consistently do what is right, always show respect and display the right attitude towards everyone and my surrounding environment.

ACCOUNTABILITY: I am truly responsible for my choices, actions and outcomes.

APPRECIATION: I am a truly grateful person. I  say thank you and show appreciation often and in many ways.

CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT: Good is not enough. I always deliver products and services of exceptional quality that add value to all involved for the long term.  I will strive to always improve on current processes through innovation and communication. I learn from my mistakes and will embrace learning and personal development for myself and others around me. If a challenge arises, I use a system correction before I look for a people correction.

COMMUNICATION: I  speak positively of my fellow team members and my clients in both public and private. I speak with good purpose using empowering and positive conversation. I never use or listen to sarcasm or gossip. I acknowledge what is being said as true for the speaker at that moment. I make every effort to greet people using their name. I always apologize for any upsets and then look for a solution. I only discuss concerns in private with the person involved.

INTEGRITY: I  will always be open and honest and uphold strong moral values.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

- 3 Company History
- 4 Corporate Philosophy
- 7 Notice of Annual General Meeting
- 8 Corporate Data
- 9 Shareholders' Profile
- 10 40 th  Anniversary Message
- 11 Executive Chairman's Statement
- 13 Board of Directors
- 20 Directors' Report
- 21 Corporate Governance
- 41 Senior Managenent Team
- 47 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 51 Financial Data
- 53 Human Resources
- 57 Marketing Highlights
- 63 Corporate Social Responsibility
- 65 The Honey Bun Foundation
- 69 Audited Financial Statements
- 114 Form of Proxy

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED will be held on:

DATE:

Wednesday, March 8, 2023

TIME:

10:00 am

PLACE:

Courtleigh Hotel &amp; Suites, Somerset Suite, 85 Knutsford Boulevard, Kingston 5 For shareholders to consider, and if thought fit, to approve resolutions concerning the following items of routine business:

PURPOSE:

1. To receive and approve the Report of the Board of Directors and the Audited Accounts for the financial year ended September 30, 2022.
2. To re-appoint Herbert Chong and Michelle Chong, who have retired by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.
3. To authorize the Board of Directors to fix the remuneration of Directors.
4. To authorize the Board of Directors to appoint the auditors.
5. To authorize the Board of Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors of the Company.
6. To ratify a dividend of $0.127 per share paid on January 5, 2022, to  shareholders on record as at December 8, 2021.
7. To ratify a dividend of $0.028 per share paid on June 13, 2022, to shareholders  on  record  as  at May 31, 2022.

Dated this 31st day of December, 2022

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

Michelle Chong COMPANY SECRETARY

The following accompanies this Notice of Annual General Meeting:

(1) A Form of Proxy.  A shareholder who is entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting of the Company may appoint one or more proxies to attend in his/her place.  A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.  All completed original proxy forms must be deposited together with the power of attorney or other document appointing the proxy, at the registered office of the Company at least 48 hours before the Annual General Meeting.

## CORPORATE DATA

## DIRECTORS

EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

Mr. Herbert V. Chong

## EXECUTIVE

Mrs. Michelle Chong - CEO Mr. Daniel Chong - COO

## INDEPENDENT

Mr. Paul Moses

Mr. Charles Heholt

Mr. Wayne Wray

Mrs. Yaneek Page

## LIST OF SENIOR OFFICERS

Mr. Herbert Chong - Chairman

Mrs. Michelle Chong - CEO

Mr. Daniel Chong - COO

Ms. Paula Cameron -  FC

Mr. Dustin Chong - CSMO

Ms. Paula Graham-Haynes - Corporate Secretary

## ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW

Levy Cheeks &amp; Company

2nd Floor

1 Barbados Avenue

Kingston 5

## BANKERS

Bank of Nova Scotia Jamaica Limited

2 Knutsford Boulevard • Kingston 5

## Sagicor Bank Limited

24-28 Barbados Avenue • Kingston 5

## National Commercial Bank

37 Duke Street • Kingston

## BANKERS (Cont'd.)

Victoria Mutual Building Society 73-75 Half Way Tree Road · Kingston 10

## JMMB Group

6-8 Grenada Way • Kingston 5

## AUDITOR

BDO Chartered Accountants

26 Beechwood Avenue Kingston 5

## REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT

Jamaica Central Securities Depository

40 Harbour Street Kingston Jamaica W.I .

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED REGISTERED OFFICE

22-26 Retirement Crescent

Kingston 5 Jamaica, W.I.

(876) 960-9851-2

<!-- image -->

www.honeybunja.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Honeybunja

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDERS PROFILE

AS AT 30TH SEPTEMBER, 2022

| TEN LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS  SHAREHOLDINGS OF DIRECTORS  SHAREHOLDINGS OF SENIOR OFFICERS  Next Incorporated  Herbert Chong  Herbert Chong  Herbert Chong  Michelle Chong  Michelle Chong  Michelle Chong  Daniel Chong  Daniel Chong  Dustin Chong  Paula Cameron  Paula Graham-Haynes  Paul Moses  Charles Heholt  Wayne Wray  Yaneek Page  JMMB Securities Ltd. (House Account #2)  Mayberry Managed Client Account  CAL'S Manufacturing Limited  Argyle Industries Inc.  Sagicor Select Fund Limited (Mfg. &amp; Distrib.)  Jamaica Money Market Brokers Ltd.  QWI Investments Limited  No. of Stock Units  258,447,977  54,091,000  54,091,000  54,091,000  51,691,000  51,691,000  51,691,000  2,747,635  2,747,635  2,479,035  0  0  2,000,000  260,000  110,000  0  14,459,000  10,950,291  6,644,122  4,000,000  3,780,227  3,487,000  3,484,492  % Holding  54.84  11.48  11.48  11.48  10.97  10.97  10.97  0.58  0.58  0.53  0.00  0.00  0.42  0.06  .02  0.00  3.07  2.32  1.41  0.85  0.80  0.74  0.74   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

This year as a company we have celebrated 40 years of being in business. Established 1982, these 40 years were nothing short of making life a lot more delicious for everyone. Over the years, we have grown and transformed. From changing locations to adopting and adhering to the highest international standards. We have extended our product lines and opened numerous wholesale locations in order to connect with our customers.

We have come a far way, succeeding in ways we never could have imagined. Becoming a publicly traded company listed on the Jamaica Junior Stock

Exchange in 2011 - the growth has been fruitful and invigorating. Much has changed, but what has not is our unwavering commitment to providing delicious, high-quality products to our loyal consumers at home and abroad. As we look towards another 40 years and beyond, we are inspired and committed to making our consumers happy, ensuring that what we produce is the very best, because our people deserve nothing less. We'll continue to innovate and bring joy to our consumers while creating value for our shareholders.

Thank you for taking this sweet journey with us. Looking forward to many more successful years!

<!-- image -->

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

REW TO illion E OF

<!-- image -->

For the Financial Year 2021/22, Honey Bun (1982) Limited, achieved another record performance. Revenues grew to J$2.953 billion, an increase of 38%. However, pre-tax profits decreased by 12% to close at $254 million.

Exports grew by 21% over prior year. The increase is a direct result of our expenditures in marketing, and distribution.

Increased focus on merchandising and branding, distribution, repairs and wages and other expenses resulted in a 25% increase in expenses. This is a direct response to the growth in sales, competition, and economic conditions.

Another year has passed and at Honey Bun, our management and staff strive for excellence, transparency, and good governance. We are therefore pleased to announce that, at the Jamaica Stock Exchange Best Practices Award for 2021, Honey Bun was awarded in five categories.  This included the Governor General award for Best Practises Overall in the Junior Market, which the Company has received for six years.  We are grateful and humbled at the achievement.

We are also pleased to announce that Honey Bun has attained Safe Quality Food (SQF) certification which is an internationally recognized Global

Food Safety Initiative. Honey Bun is the first company in Jamaica to be certified to the SQF Quality Code, in addition to the Food Safety Code. Honey Bun continues to strive to be the place to work, and to that end we continue to engage our staff, and provide avenues for their growth. We are pleased with the caliber of excellence and drive displayed by our team.

I  wish to thank our other Directors for their support over the years, as they continue to provide wisdom and support well beyond our expectations.

I also want to thank all our stakeholders including our dedicated and loyal staff. We especially express appreciation to our customers for continuing to choose Honey Bun brands as the brands they love and trust.

<!-- image -->

Herbert V. Chong Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

HERBERT CHONG EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

<!-- image -->

Herbert  who  is  a  co-founder  of Honey Bun (1982) Limited, along with his wife Michelle, is the Executive Chairman. Herbert gained much of his entrepreneurial skills in Toronto, Canada as a Business Operator in the Food Industry.  Herbert is an astute business man and a respected mentor in and outside of the business community, who lives by the ethos that his word is his bond. He has a vast knowledge and experience in construction and manufacturing equipment. With this knowledge, he continuously provides hands-on refresher instructions to production workers.

A  graduate  of  the  University  of Technology,  Jamaica  where  he completed  studies  in  Technical Engineering, Herbert is also a proud past-student of Campion College, and a co-founder of the Campion College Alumni.  He is a prominent and very active member of his community as a Justice of the Peace, and a member of the St. Andrew North Police Civic Committee.

MICHELLE CHONG EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/

<!-- image -->

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Michelle is a co-founder of Honey Bun (1982) Limited with nearly 40 years' experience in manufacturing. She is a graduate of York University, Toronto, Canada, where she gained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology. She is a certified HACCP consultant through BRI International, Canada, and the Bureau of Standards, Jamaica.  Michelle is also a Quality Ambassador for the Jamaica Bureau of Standards.  Her many awards and accomplishments include: being named among the 'Most Influential &amp; Powerful Business Women' and 'Top Chief Executive Officers in the Caribbean' by Business Suite Online; and a 'Woman of Distinction' for contribution in business, by the Jamaica Gleaner. Michelle is the immediate past president of the Jamaica Exporters Association, now merged with the Jamaica Manufacturers Association, to form the JMEA.

Michelle's strengths include strategic planning and team building. Her passion for developing people, helping them to reach their highest potential, has created a unique and dynamic culture that continues to be one of Honey Bun's key competitive features. In 2019, Michelle founded the Honey Bun Foundation, which is guided by the Mission Statement, 'Creating Powerful Business Models for SMEs and the Creative Industries to become transformational industries for Jamaica's economy'. Additionally, she routinely provides mentorship to small business owners. This contributed to her receiving the 'Thought Leader of the Year' award from the Canadian based International School of Greatness.

<!-- image -->

DANIEL CHONG EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/ CHIEF OPERATIONS OFFICER

<!-- image -->

Daniel graduated from the University of Waterloo with an Honours Degree in Civil Engineering.  He also completed the American Institute of Baking programme in  Preventative  Maintenance.    A pragmatic and enterprising professional with over six years' experience in Engineering and Distribution Logistics and over twelve years' experience in Bakery Management, Daniel is highly proficient in baking, engineering, accounting, and management systems.

His ability to apply sustainable practical measures to the improvement of the Company's operations influenced the Board's decision to appoint him as a Director for Honey Bun (1982) Limited.

In  his  current  capacity  as  Chief Operations Officer, he oversees the strategic planning for the factory and day-to-day operations. With his keen eye for details and technical planning capabilities, he has contributed significantly to the creation of various systems to improve efficiencies.

Daniel was instrumental in setting up the Enterprise Recourse Management software system and maintaining the back-end functionality. In addition to his software skills, he also led the accounting and finance department before the employment of the company's Financial Controller.

PAUL MOSES

<!-- image -->

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Paul holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from the University of the West Indies, and is the founder and Managing Director of Checker International Limited. He has acted as a consultant to the Company since 2000, imparting his vast knowledge and wealth of experience, which have assisted with various strategic initiatives for the company since then. Paul is a former Director of the Jamaica Exporters Association.  He was also part of the management team for Kem Products Limited, having started his career at Seprod as a management trainee. Paul is also a Director of Capacity Concepts Limited founded in 2016. Capacity Concepts Limited is a business consultancy company with an emphasis on helping companies build Sales platforms.

He has served as an advisor to Honey Bun since 1998 and was instrumental in several changes which  put Honey Bun on track for future success. He transitioned to being a director when the company went public in 2011.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## WAYNE WRAY

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR/MENTOR

Honey Bun's Mentor and Chair of the Audit &amp; Risk Management Committee, Wayne is a Business and Financial Consultant.  His portfolio of experience and expertise spans several industries, including executive leadership and management positions in the fields of Finance and Banking.

Licensed by the Financial Services Commission as an investment advisor, Wayne is the principal director of Wiltshire Consulting &amp; Advisory Limited, a business advisory firm with local and international clientele.

As a Justice of the Peace, he is committed to nation building, and serves as a Mentor and Director on the Boards of several publiclylisted and privately-held companies as well as community development organisations.

## CHARLES HEHOLT

INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

Charles is the Operations Manager of I.G.L. Limited.  He has previously held various senior management roles within the GraceKennedy Group of Companies.

A qualified Materials Engineer, Charles is a graduate of McMaster University in  Hamilton,  Canada.    He  holds professional certifications in Project Management, Health and Safety Management, and received training in leadership and management, among other areas.

Charles was selected as a director based on his vast knowledge of productivity, problem-solving and operational skills, as well as other business management skills.

<!-- image -->

YANEEK PAGE INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

<!-- image -->

A certified entrepreneurship trainer &amp; international business coach of managers and leaders spanning 6 continents and over 100 countries. Yaneek is the conceptualizer and program lead for Market Entry USA, an accelerator for Caribbean entrepreneurs to penetrate the US Market. For over a decade, she has helped growth-focused enterprises across the Latin America &amp; the Caribbean (LAC) region to create diverse revenue streams and expand to new markets. The former market lead for WEConnect International for the Caribbean, Yaneek was responsible for the certification of women-owned businesses across the region as marketready and eligible to do business with global corporations.

<!-- image -->

Yaneek is the founder of the Caribbean's first litigant support company, Future Services International Limited and the creator &amp; executive producer of The Innovators business reality TV series which was broadcast in over 18 countries. She is also the creator of Let's Make Peace TV Series. A business columnist for the Jamaica Gleaner since 2013. Yaneek was also recruited to write for MasterCard Caribbean Business Blog in 2016. She has received numerous awards for her contributions to nationbuilding, entrepreneurship development and enterprise, including the US-based Enterprising Women of the Year (2015), Female Business Leader of the Year (2013), and the Nation Builder in the Women in Business category (2011). She was also awarded the Gleaner/ PSOJ 50UnderFifty awards in 2012, which honored business leaders under 50 shaping Jamaica's future. In November 2015, she became the first Caribbean person to receive a prestigious TIAW World of Difference award in the entrepreneurship category

An academic scholar, Yaneek was the recipient of the Sir Arthur Lewis Institute of Social and Economic Studies Scholarship (2003). She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Studies and Psychology and a Master's degree in Development Studies with a concentration on Social Policy.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The Directors are pleased to present their report for Honey Bun (1982) Limited for the year ending 30 th  September, 2022'.

## FINANCIAL REPORT

The Statement of Comprehensive Income shows pretax profit of $254.4 Million in revenue.  Details of these results, along with a comparison of the previous year's performance and the state of affairs of the Company are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis and the Financial Statements which are included as part of this Annual Report.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company as at 30th September, 2022 are:

- Mr. Herbert Chong (Executive Chairman)
- Mrs. Michelle Chong (CEO/ Executive Director)
- Mr. Daniel Chong (COO)/Executive Director)
- Mr. Wayne Wray (Independent Director/Mentor)
- Mr. Paul Moses (Independent Director)
- Mr. Charles Heholt (Independent Director)
- Mrs. Yaneek Page (Independent Director)

The Directors to retire by rotation in accordance with the Articles of Incorporation are Herbert Chong and Michelle Chong. Both being eligible will offer themselves for re-election.

## AUDITORS

The auditors of the Company are BDO Chartered Accountants, 26 Beechwood Avenue, Kingston 5.

## DIVIDENDS

A dividend of $0.127 per share was paid on January 5, 2022 to shareholders on record as at December 8, 2021.  This dividend was paid as final payment in respect of the financial year ended September 30, 2021.  An interim dividend of $0.028 per share was paid on June 13, 2022 to shareholders on record as at May 31, 2022 for the financial year ended September 30, 2022'.

We wish to thank all our customers, suppliers, agents, employees and shareholders for their continued support.

Dated December 31, 2022 FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

Michelle Chong COMPANY SECRETARY

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## BOARD MISSION

Honey Bun's Board of Directors represents the owners' interest in maintaining and growing a successful business, including optimizing long term financial growth. The mission of the Board is to be accountable and transparent in increasing long term value for the stakeholders. The Board is committed to achieving the highest standards of corporate governance, corporate responsibility and risk management in directing and controlling the business.

The Board is responsible for ensuring that Honey Bun is managed in such a way to achieve this result. The Board has the responsibility to ensure that management is capably executing its  responsibilities.  The  Board's responsibility is to regularly monitor the effectiveness of management policies and decisions including the execution of its strategies.

In addition to fulfilling its obligations for increased stockholder value, the Board has a responsibility to deliver holistic performance embracing corporate responsibility towards Honey Bun's stakeholders all of whom are essential to a successful business.

## BOARD CHARTER

The Board makes decisions, reviews and  approves  key  policies  and decisions of the Company in particular in relation to:

1. Corporate governance
2. Compliance with laws, regulations and the Company's code of business conduct
3. Corporate citizenship, ethics, environment
4. Strategy and operating plans
5. Business development including major investments and disposals
6. Financing and treasury
7. Appointment  or  removal  of Directors
8. Remuneration of Directors and Executives
9. Risk management
10. Financial reporting and audit
11. Pensions

## SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES CHAIRMAN

The Chairman is principally responsible for the effective operation and chairing of the Board and for ensuring that information that it receives is sufficient to make informed judgments. He also provides support to the CEO, particularly in relation to external affairs.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that Board processes and procedures are appropriately followed and support effective decision-making and governance. She is appointed by, and can only be removed by the Board. She is also responsible for ensuring that new Directors receive appropriate training and induction into Honey Bun. She ensures compliance with laws, rules and regulations and timely filing of all documents with the respective bodies including the JSE.

## COMPANY MENTOR

Each company that joins the Junior Market is required to appoint a mentor who acts as a compliance adviser to the Board of Directors. The mentor must be a suitably experienced person, and he must enter into the standard form Mentor Agreement and be approved by the JSE for the purposes of the Company's admission to the Junior Market.

The duties and the responsibilities of the mentor as it relates to governance include overseeing of establishing procedures and controls for the purposes of compliance with good standard of corporate governance, among them: holding regular board meetings, establishment of board committees - audit and remuneration, good fiscal discipline, and adhering to junior market rules.

## BOARD MEMBERS

Each Board Member is expected to commit sufficient time for preparing and  attending  meetings  of  the Board and its Committees. Regular attendance at Board meetings is a prerequisite unless explicitly agreed upfront; a Director should not miss two consecutive regular Board meetings. Because in-depth knowledge of the particulars of the Company's business is vital for each Director in making informed and objective decisions, management  is  to  allow  direct involvement and review of operational activities. Similarly, management also is to communicate to Board members opportunities to interact in strategy and day-to-day business settings. Board members are strongly encouraged to take advantage of such opportunities as frequently as feasible. The Directors have complete access to the Leadership of the

<!-- image -->

Company. The quorum for the Board meetings is three (3) directors of whom two must be independent directors.

The company maintains a record of the attendance of each Board Member at all meetings.

## SELECTION AND COMPOSITION OF THE BOARD

The Board is responsible for the over viewing of the interest of all stakeholders on the matters as outlined above. The composition of the Board should be such that these interests are best served and therefore the Directors require diversity in skills and characteristics.

The Directors shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint any other person to be a Director of the Company, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board, but so that the total number of Directors shall not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting, when he shall retire but shall be eligible for re-election.  New Directors are considered for appointment based on:

1. The boards determination that there is a need for appointment based on resignations, death, rotation or to  enlarge  the knowledge base of the company.
2. The diversity of experience they provide to the board
3. The experience they possess in their field
4. The  confirmation  that  they are  not  involved  in  another capacity  which might be considered a conflict of interest

New  Directors considerd for appointment must:

1. Provide professional CV for the boards consideration
2. Provide references from professional bodies

Each newly appointed Director of the company shall be inducted by the Secretary as outlined by the Company in the Orientation Procedures of Directors.

## SIZE OF THE BOARD

Unless otherwise determined by a general meeting, the number of directors of the Company shall be not more than ten (10) in numbers.

## EXECUTIVE AND NON-EXECUTIVE/ INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS

An Executive Director is one who is employed to the Company and is normally responsible for aspects of its day-to-day operations.  At any time the number of Executive Directors should not exceed 50 % of the total number of Directors. Non-Executive/Independent Directors are expected to be free of any interest or relationship that might influence their independent judgement in executing their responsibilities.

## CONFLICTS OF INTEREST/ DISCLOSURE

A Director who has an interest in the Company or in any transactions with the Company which could create or appear to create a conflict of interest must disclose such interests to the Company. These would include:

1. Any Interest in contracts or proposed contracts with the company
2. General disclosure on interest in a firm, which does business with the company
3. Interest in securities held in the Company
4. Emoluments received by the Company
5. Loans or Guarantees granted by the Company to/for the Director.

Disclosure shall be made at the first opportunity at a Board Meeting and such disclosure shall be recorded in the Minutes of the Board Meeting. The Director shall then excuse himself from the Board meetings when the Board is deliberating over any such contract/matter and shall not vote on any such issue. The disclosure of Director's interest shall include interests of his family and affiliates.

## DISCLOSURE ON RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (referred to in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures as the 'reporting entity')

- (a) A person or close member of that person's family is related to a reporting entity if that person:
- i. has control or joint control over the reporting entity;
- ii. has significant influence over the reporting entity ; or
- iii. is a member of the key management personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity
- (b) An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies:

<!-- image -->

i. The entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others.) ii. One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member) iii. Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

iv. One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity v. The entity is associated with a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of the employees of either the reporting entity or an entity related to the reporting entity.

vi. The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a) vii. A person identified in (a)i above, has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity). A related party transaction is a transfer of resources, services or obligations between related parties, regardless of whether a price is charged.

The financial statements of the company shall  report  on  detailed  financial transactions with any related party and the balances.

## TRADING IN SECURITIES

A director/officer should not deal in any of the securities of Honey Bun at any time when he is in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to those securities.

After the end of each accounting quarter and the year, the directors and officers of the company shall not purchase or sell shares of the company until after the release of the financial results to the Jamaica Stock Exchange.

Further details are covered in the company document on Code on Trading in Securities.

## ELECTION, TERMS, RE-ELECTION AND RETIREMENT

Election,  terms,  re-election  and retirement of each Board member is conducted in line with the articles of association of the Company, articles 92 to 100. Equally the maximum number of terms of the Chairman should not exceed 10 successive years, unless a resolution of exemption of this rule is passed by the Board.

## BOARD COMPENSATION

The level of compensation of the Non-Executive Directors reflects the time, commitment and responsibilities of the role. It consists of a package appropriate to attract, retain and

motivate Non-Executive Directors of the quality required. The compensation is competitive and subject to regular review to what is paid in comparable situations elsewhere. A review by the Board of the remuneration policies for all Directors and the members of the management team will take place during a regular Compensation and Nomination Committee meeting annually.

## DIRECTOR INDUCTION AND TRAINING

The Board and Management will conduct a comprehensive orientation process for new Directors to become familiar with the Company's vision, strategic  direction,  core  values, financial matters, corporate governance practices and other key policies and practices through a review of background material, meetings with senior management and visits to the Company's facilities. The Board recognizes the importance of training for its Directors. It is the responsibility of the Company Secretary to advise the  Directors about their training, including corporate governance issues. Directors are encouraged to participate in continuing Director training programs.

All Directors will make continuous efforts to keep themselves up to date regarding economic, social and corporate developments, laws/rules/ regulations, stock market, accounting and financial matters, etc affecting the company's operational and future plans.  The Company Secretary will provide necessary up dates/documents to the Directors on a continuous basis to help them to keep abreast of the developments.  The company will, from time to time, sponsor the directors/secretary for attending appropriate training courses/seminars to enable them to keep abreast of the developments.

## ACCESS TO OUTSIDE ADVISORS AND FUNDS

The Company will make such funds available to the Board and in particular the Non-Executive Directors as is reasonably required for those Directors to objectively make decisions. This may  include  providing  funds  to access outside advisors and cover cost associated with travel and the gathering of relevant information for the execution of their responsibilities.

## CODE OF CONDUCT

The Board expects all Directors, as well as officers and employees, to act ethically at all times and to adhere to all Honey Bun's codes and policies. The Board will not permit any waiver of any of these policies for any Director or Executive officer. If an actual or

<!-- image -->

potential conflict of interest arises for a Director, the Director shall promptly inform the Chairman. If a conflict exists and cannot be resolved, the Director should resign.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The  Board  has  established  2 Committees, each with clearly defined terms of reference, procedures, responsibilities and powers:

## Audit and Risk Management Committee

The primary purpose of the company's Audit &amp; Risk Management Committee is to provide oversight of the financial reporting process, the audit process, the company's system of internal controls and compliance with laws and regulations. (See HB Audit &amp; Risk Management Committee Charter).

## Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee

The Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee's purpose is to assist the Board in ensuring that the composition, structure, policies and processes of Honey Bun (1982) Limited meet all relevant legal and regulatory requirements and global Corporate Governance best practice standards.  Its additional purpose is to develop, recommend and review Corporate Governance Principles applicable to listed companies.

It  also has the responsibility for the initiation of the evaluation of the Board and its committees and to make recommendations with respect to the structure and effectiveness of each. (See HB Compensation, Nomination and Corporate Governance Charter).

The members of the Committees, as appointed by the Board of Directors are listed on the schedule of the Board and Committee members (REF: Schedule of Directors and Committee Members).

## BOARD MEETINGS

## Frequency of Meetings

During each financial year, there will be a minimum of 4 regular Board meetings. Special Board meetings may occur at such other times as any member of the Board may request.  These meetings are held after the quarterly financial reports are available but before submission to the JSE. A calendar of dates for board meetings should be circulated to the board members at the beginning of each financial year by the Company Secretary.

## Operational Review

To further engage the Board and strengthen its in-depth knowledge of the particulars of the Company's business a monthly Income Statement is prepared for the board by the 15th

of each month.  A detailed quarterly management report is also provided by the CEO and each department head describing the achievements and challenges within their department for that period.  From these reports the Non Executive Directors may request further information to allow for direct involvement and review of operational activities.

## Discussions and Decisions

At all meetings of the Board and its Committees, the members are expected to express their opinions/ views frankly and openly.  Decisions will be taken after hearing and discussing the views of all members.  Efforts will be made to arrive at a consensus but when it is not possible to do so, decisions will be taken based on the majority votes.  Minutes of the meeting will record the votes cast.

## Strategy and Operating Plan Setting Meeting

The Board is consulted on a regular basis on matters which are of strategic importance to the Company. Annually at the company budget and strategic planning sessions the board members meet with the company executive and management team to review the Company's strategy in depth prior to final agreement of such strategy and annual operating plans.

## Selection of Agenda Items for Board Meetings

The Chairman and Company Secretary will establish the agenda for each Board meeting. Each Board member may suggest the inclusion of item(s) on the agenda. Information important to the Board's understanding of the business will be distributed electronically and or in writing to the Board before the Board meetings. As a general rule, presentations on specific subjects should be sent to the Board members in advance to save time at Board meetings and focus discussion on the Board's questions. On those occasions in which the subject matter is extremely sensitive, the presentation will be discussed at the meeting.

## Additional Attendees to the Meeting The Board encourages the Management

to, where it can assist the ability of the Board members to execute their responsibilities, bring managers into Board meetings who: (a) can provide additional insight into the items being discussed because of personal involvement in these areas, and/or (b) are managers with future potential that the senior management believes should be given exposure to the Board.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD EVALUATIONS

In order to meet the set responsibilities and obligations to the Company's goals and objectives, the board shall develop a system for assessing the Board's functioning and performance. An evaluation system will address the areas of critical importance and should include, but is not limited to, the following:

1. Appraising the basic organization of the Board of Directors;
2. Survey the effectiveness and efficiency of the operation of the Board and its committees;
3. Assess the Board's overall scope of responsibilities;
4. Evaluate the flow of information; and
5. Validate the support and information provided by management.

Evaluations will be facilitated on an annual basis. The board shall review the results and consider any recommendations to assist in the development of the Board and its members.

Information obtained or disclosed during the evaluation process shall be confidential.

## EVALUATION OF CHAIRMAN, DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

It is the policy of the Board of Directors that the non-executive Directors meet in an executive session no less than once per year to review and evaluate the performance of the board members. The evaluation will be based on objective and subjective criteria, including an assessment of the performance of the business, accomplishment of long-term strategic objectives, and management development. A clear understanding between the non-executive Directors and the Chief Executive Officer regarding the Company's expected performance and how that performance is to be measured is critical to the process.

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS

General meetings with shareholders are held annually and communication with shareholders in corporate decisions are shared on a timely basis.  The agenda for the meeting is structured to allow shareholders to give input and have their queries answered. The Directors convene for an AGM debrief during which shareholders' concerns and views are discussed to determine actions.  Minutes of the Annual General Meetings are posted on the Company's website.

## AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD

## PURPOSE

The primary purpose of a company's audit committee is to provide oversight of the financial reporting process, the audit process, the company's system of internal controls and compliance with laws and regulations.

## COMPOSITION

The committee will consist of at least three members that are independent of the organisation. The members should collectively possess sufficient knowledge of audit, finance, specific industry knowledge, IT, law, governance, risk and control.

The Audit and Risk Management Committee shall consist  of  NonExecutive/Independent Directors of the Company duly appointed by the Board. The Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee shall also be appointed by the Board. The Board Chairman and CEO shall not be a member of the Committee. The Committee shall consist of not less than three members.

From time to time, non-Committee members may be invited to attend meetings of the Committee, if it is considered appropriate.

The Company Secretary may act as the secretary of the Committee. The secretary shall be required to:

1. circulate the notices and minutes of the Committee meetings;
2. distribute to the Committee, all agenda of items to be considered, together with supporting papers and/or related documents which are prepared for consideration by the Committee at least five (5) working days before the meeting;
3. keep detailed records of the Committee meetings; and
4. have such other duties as may be assigned by the Committee from time to time.

## QUORUM

The  quorum  necessary  for  the transaction of business shall be fifty per cent plus one (50% + 1) of its members, the majority of whom shall be independent. A duly convened meeting of the Committee at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all or any of the authorities,

<!-- image -->

powers and discretions vested in or exercisable by the Committee. A member participating in a meeting by video link or audio link shall be counted for the purposes of a quorum.

## DECISIONS AND MEETING FREQUENCY

## Decisions

Decisions are taken by simple majority. In the event of equality of votes, the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote. The committee shall provide updates to the board as a recommendation to be voted on at Board meetings.

## Frequency of Meetings

The Audit and Risk Management Committee shall meet at least four times a year following the end of each quarter and at such other times as any member of the Committee or the external/internal auditors may request.

## Notice of meetings

Meetings of the Committee shall be called by the secretary of the Committee at the request of the Committee chairperson or any other member of the Committee. Unless otherwise agreed, notice of each meeting confirming the venue, time and date together with an agenda of items to be considered, together with supporting papers, shall be forwarded to each member of the

Committee and any other person required to attend at least five (5) working days before the date of the meeting. Circulation of documents may be effected by electronic mail.

The Committee chairperson should attend the Annual General Meeting to answer shareholders' questions on the Committee's activities.

## AUDIT DUTIES

## Audit  and  Risk  Management Committee Charter

On behalf of the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee shall:

1. monitor and review the integrity of the financial reporting of the Company, reviewing significant financial reporting judgments;
2. review the Company's annual and interim financial statements and  related  policies  and assumptions and any accompanying reports or related policies and statements.
3. review and recommend approval of  the  Company's  annual Operational and Capital Budgets.
4. review and recommend approval of the Audited Financial Statements for release to the Jamaica stock exchange.
5. monitor and review the effectiveness of the Company's internal audit function.

6. monitor and review the external auditor's independence, objectivity and effectiveness.
7. develop and implement policy on the engagement of the external auditor to supply non audit services.
8. ensure  that  the  financial statements comply with appropriate accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the  financial  position  and performance of the Company.

## RISK MANAGEMENT DUTIES

1. The Audit and Risk Management Committee shall review the Risk Register of the company and provide feedback and guidance.
2. Monitor the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's systems of risk management and control,  the  Business  Risk Assurance function and external auditors.
3. Review the External Auditors Management Letter to the company and address all matters.

## RESOURCES TO FULFIL COMMITTEE MANDATE

The Committee shall:

1. Have  access  to  sufficient resources in order to carry out its duties, including access to
2. the requisite legal expertise, chartered company secretarial and any  other  resources,  expertise, and assistance as required.
2. Be provided with appropriate and timely training, both in the form of an induction programme for new members and on an ongoing basis for all members.
3. Give due consideration to laws and regulations, the provisions of the Corporate Governance Principles and any other applicable rules, as appropriate
4. Arrange for periodic reviews of its own performance and, review its constitution and terms of reference to ensure it is operating at maximum effectiveness; and recommend any changes it considers necessary to the Board or approval.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## COMPENSATION, NOMINATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD

## PURPOSE

The Committee's purpose is to assist the Board in ensuring that the composition, structure, policies and processes of Honey Bun (1982) Limited meet all relevant legal and regulatory requirements and global Corporate Governance best practice standards.  Its additional purpose is to develop, recommend and review Corporate Governance Principles applicable to listed companies.  It also has the responsibility for the initiation of the evaluation of the Board and its committees and to make recommendations with respect to the structure and effectiveness of each.

## COMPOSITION

The Committee shall consist of at least three (3) members of the Board chosen for their competence and experience and the majority shall be independent directors as so defined in the Company's Corporate Governance Principles.

Members of the Committee and the Committee chairperson shall be appointed and removed by the Board in its sole discretion and shall serve until the end of their tenure, resignation or removal.

The Committee chairperson shall be an independent director and may serve for a maximum of five consecutive years.

In the absence of the committee chairperson, the remaining members present shall elect one (1) of themselves to chair the meeting who would qualify under these terms of reference to be appointed to that position by the Board.

The chairperson of the Board shall not be chairperson of the committee.

## SECRETARY

1. The Company Secretary may act as the secretary of the Committee. The secretary shall be required to:
2. 2 . circulate the notices and minutes of the Committee meetings;
3. distribute to the Committee, all agenda of items to be considered, together with supporting papers

and/or related documents which are prepared for consideration by the Committee at least five (5) working days before the meeting;

4. keep detailed records of the Committee meetings; and
5. have such other duties as may be assigned by the Committee from time to time.

## QUORUM

The  quorum  necessary  for  the transaction of business shall be fifty per cent plus one (50% + 1) of its members, the majority of whom shall be independent. A duly convened meeting of the Committee at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all or any of the authorities, powers and discretions vested in or exercisable by the Committee. A member participating in a meeting by video link or audio link shall be counted for the purposes of a quorum.

## DECISIONS &amp; MEETING FREQUENCY Decisions

Decisions are taken by simple majority. In the event of equality of votes, the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote. The committee shall provide updates to the board as a recommendation to be voted on at Board meetings. Ultimately, the Board has final decision on all matters as noted below, while the subcommittees of the board review and recommends to the board what decisions should be made based on their review to the matter. Ultimately, the Board has final decision on all matters as noted below, while the subcommittees of the board review and recommends to the board what decisions should be made based on their review ot the matter.

## Frequency of Meetings

The Committee shall meet at least four (4) times per year.

## Notice of meetings

Meetings of the Committee shall be called by the secretary of the Committee at the request of the Committee chairperson or any other member of the Committee. Unless otherwise agreed, notice of each meeting confirming the venue, time and date together with an agenda of items to be considered, together with supporting papers, shall be forwarded to each member of the Committee and any other person required to attend at least five (5) working days before the date of the meeting. Circulation of documents may be effected by electronic mail.

The Committee chairperson should attend the Annual General Meeting to answer shareholders' questions on the Committee's activities.

<!-- image -->

## COMPENSATION DUTIES

## Board Compensation

The level of compensation of the Non-Executive Directors reflects the time, commitment and responsibilities of the role. It consists of a package appropriate  to  attract,  retain  and motivate Non-Executive Directors of the quality required. The compensation is competitive and subject to regular review to what is paid in comparable situations elsewhere. A review by the Board of the remuneration policies for all Directors and the members of the management team will take place during a regular Compensation and Nomination Committee meeting annually.

This committee also approves the annual wage increase on the budget.

## NOMINATION DUTIES

## Evaluation of Chairman, Directors and Chief Executive Officer

It is the policy of the Board of Directors that the non-executive Directors meet in an executive session no less than once per year to review and evaluate the performance of the board members. The evaluation will be based on objective and subjective criteria, including an assessment of the performance of the business, accomplishment of long-term strategic objectives, and management development. A clear understanding between the non-executive Directors and the Chief Executive Officer regarding the Company's expected performance and how that performance is to be measured is critical to the process.

## Director Induction and Training

The Board and Management will conduct a comprehensive orientation process for new Directors to become familiar with the Company's vision, strategic direction, core values, financial matters, corporate governance practices and other key policies and practices through a review of background material, meetings with senior management and visits to the Company's facilities. The Board recognizes the importance of training for its Directors. It is the responsibility of the Company Secretary to advise the  Directors about their training, including corporate governance issues. Directors are encouraged to participate in continuing Director training programs.

All Directors will make continuous efforts to keep themselves up to date regarding economic, social and corporate developments, laws/rules/ regulations, stock market, accounting and financial matters, etc affecting the company's operational and future plans. The Company Secretary will provide necessary up dates/documents to the Directors on a continuous basis to help them to keep abreast of the developments.  The company will, from time to time, sponsor the directors/ secretary for attending appropriate training courses/seminars to enable them to keep abreast of the developments.

1. The Committee shall at least once per year review the structure, size, and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity) of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regard to any changes.
2. Give  full  consideration  to succession planning for directors and other senior executives in the course of its work, taking into account the challenges and opportunities facing the Company, and the skills and expertise needed on the Board in the future.
3. Keep under review the leadership needs of the organization, both executive and non-executive, with a view to ensuring the continued ability of the organization to compete effectively in the marketplace.
4. Keep up to date and fully informed about strategic issues and commercial changes affecting the Company and the market in which it operates.
5. Be responsible for identifying and nominating for the approval of the Board, candidates to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise.
6. Before any appointment is made by the Board, evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity on the Board, and in the light of this evaluation prepare a description of the
7. role and capabilities required for a particular appointment. In identifying suitable candidates, the Committee shall:
- a) Consider  the  use  of  open advertising or the services of external advisers to facilitate the search;
- b) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds;
- c) consider candidates on merit and against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including gender, taking care that appointees have enough time available to devote to the position.
- d) For  the  appointment  of  a chairperson, the Committee should prepare a job specification, including the time commitment expected. A proposed chairperson's other significant commitments should be disclosed to the Board before appointment and  any  changes  to  the chairperson's commitments should be reported to the Board as they arise.
- e) Prior to the appointment of a director, the proposed appointee should be required to disclose any other business interests that may result in a conflict of interest and be required to report any future business interests that could result in a conflict of interest.

<!-- image -->

- f) Ensure that on appointment to the Board, non-executive directors receive  a  formal  letter  of appointment setting out clearly what is expected of them in terms of time commitment, Committee service and involvement outside of Board meetings.
- g) Review the results of the Board performance the evaluation process that relates to the composition of the Board.
- h) Review the time required from non-executive directors. Performance evaluation should be used to assess whether the non-executive directors are spending enough time to fulfil their duties.
- i) Report to the Board on the advisability of permitting a member of the Board to become a member of another company's Board and develop a policy on whether and how to cap the numbe r of directorships a director may hold.
- j) Report to the Board on any conflicts of interest that may arise if a member of the Board accepts a position on another company's Board. The Committee shall also make recommendations to the board concerning: (i) formulating plans for succession for both executive and non executive  directors  and  in

particular for the key roles of chairperson and chief executive; (ii) membership of the audit and remuneration  committees, and any other Board Committees as appropriate, in consultation with the chairpersons of those Committees; (iii) any matters relating to the continuation in office of any director at any time including the suspension or termination of service of an executive director as an employee of the Company subject to the provisions of the law and their service of the contract; and (iv) the appointment of any director to executive or other officer.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DUTIES

In order to fulfil its purpose, the Committee shall carry out the duties below as appropriate:

1. Review for the Board's approval and or update the Company's Corporate Governance Policy.
2. Develop for the Board's approval and review the chart of authorities and delegation of authorities to management.
3. Consider possible conflicts of interests of directors and any related party transactions of directors and make relevant proposals  to  the  Board  in accordance with the Company's Corporate Governance Policy.
4. Review any change in status

- (including fulfilment of independence requirements) and professional affiliation of current directors and make relevant proposals to the Board in accordance with the Company's Corporate Governance Policy.
5. Review, every two (2) years, Honey Bun (1982) Limited's Articles of Incorporation and overall Corporate Governance policy and practices and submit to the Board any suitable recommendations in relation to its amendment.
6. Review at least every two (2) years, the adequacy of the charters of the Board and its various subcommittees and submit to the Board any suitable recommendations in relation to any amendments.
7. Oversee the development and implementation  of  a  Board induction  process  for  new directors and a programme of continuing directors' development as needed.
8. Develop a process for evaluating Board effectiveness as well as to coordinate the Board effectiveness evaluation.
9. Monitor trends and best practices in corporate governance and nomination practices in order to properly discharge its duties.
10. Ensure adequacy of communication with shareholders
11. Perform any other activities relevant to these Terms of Reference, at the request of the Board or as required by the Company's Corporate Governance Policy.

## RESOURCES TO FULFIL COMMITTEE MANDATE

The Committee shall:

1. Have  access  to  sufficient resources in order to carry out its duties, including access to the requisite legal expertise, chartered company secretarial and any other resources, expertise, and assistance as required.
2. Be provided with appropriate and timely training, both in the form of an induction programme for new members and on an ongoing basis for all members.

3.

Give due consideration to laws and regulations, the provisions of

- the Corporate Governance Principles and any other applicable rules, as appropriate
4. Arrange for periodic reviews of its own performance and, review its constitution and terms of reference to ensure it is operating at maximum effectiveness and recommend any changes it considers necessary to the Board for approval.

<!-- image -->

## COMPETENCE, COMPENSATION &amp; ATTENDANCE

<!-- image -->

| FINANCE  SALES &amp;  MARKETING  HUMAN  RESOURCE  LEGAL  BUSINESS  GOVERNANCE  RISK  MANAGEMENT  MANUFACTURING  ENVIRONMENT  MANAGEMENT  HERBERT  CHONG  MICHELLE  CHONG  DANIEL  CHONG  PAUL  MOSES  CHARLES  HEHOLT  YANEEK  PAGE  WAYNE  WRAY  DIRECTORS'  AREAS OF  COMPETENCE   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## DIRECTORS FEES 2021/22  PAUL MOSES  DIRECTORS  CHARLES HEHOLT  YANEEK PAGE  WAYNE WRAY  $ 330,000  Directors  $ 330,000  $ 330,000  $ 330,000  $ 165,000  Board  $ 165,000  $ 165,000  $ 123,750  $ 103,125  $ 137,500  $ 137,500  $ 137,500  $ 103,125  $ 137,500  $ 137,500  $ 137,500  Mentorship  $ 1,526,250  $ 701,250  TOTAL FEES  $ 770,000  $ 770,000  $ 2,255,000  Audit &amp; Risk  Management  Compensation,  Nomination &amp;  Corporate Governance   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| NUMBER OF MEETINGS HELD  6  4  4  ATTENDANCE AT MEETINGS FOR  THE YEAR 2020/2021  BOARD  AUDIT &amp; RISK  MANAGEMENT  COMMITTEE  COMPENSATION,  NOMINATION &amp;  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  COMMITTEE  Herbert Chong*  -  Executive Chairman  6 (Chair)  4 (as Invitee)  4 (as Invitee)  Michelle Chong*  -  Executive Director  6  4 (as Invitee)  4 (as Invitee)  Daniel Chong*  -  Executive Director  6  4 (as Invitee)  4 (as Invitee)  Paul Moses  -  Independent Director/Member  6  3  3  Charles Heholt  -  Independent Director/Member  6  4  4  Yaneek Page  -  Independent Director/Member  6  4  4 (Ctee. Chair)  Wayne Wray  -  Independent Director/Member  5  4 (Ctee. Chair)  4  *Herbert Chong, Michelle Chong and Daniel Chong - Attend Committee meetings as Invitees.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OUTLETS

Retirement Crescent 22-26 Retirement Crescent Kingston 5

Tel: 876 960 9851

Cross Roads Outlet Hope Road Kingston

Shop #5 1-3 &amp; 5 Old Tel: 876 855 0902

Princess Street 92-92a Prince Street Kingston Tel: 876 371 0199

## Ocho Rios Outlet

Half Way Tree Shop #2 Park Plaza 8 Constant Spring Kingston 10 Tel: 876 351 5753

East Street Outlet

85 East Street Kingston Tel: 876 371 01 99

## Papine Outlet

Shop #1a, 4 Papine Market Place Kingston 7 Tel: 876 564 0274

## Old Harbour

Shop B11, Pineapple Shopping Centre Main Street, Ocho Rios, St. Ann Tel: 876 579 7836

## Spanish Town

Spanish Town Taxi Stand &amp; Bus Park Burke Road, Spanish Town

Shop #3, 16 East Street, Old Harbour, St. Catherine Tel: 876 442 6601

<!-- image -->

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

HERBERT CHONG

Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

MICHELLE CHONG

Chief Executive Officer/ Executive Director

<!-- image -->

## DUSTIN CHONG

Chief Sales &amp; Marketing Officer

## DANIEL CHONG

Chief Operations Officer/ Executive Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

PAULA GRAHAM-HAYNES

Corporate Secretary

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

PAULA CAMERON

Financial Controller

<!-- image -->

## LORIANN TATER

Business Development Manager

## SYDONI KNIGHT

Human Resource Operations Manager

<!-- image -->

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

## WUNLYM SHIM

Information Technology Consultant

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NASHAUNA LALAH

General Manager, Honey Bun Foundation

<!-- image -->

## CINNAMON RAISIN LOAF

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

For the Financial Year 2022 revenues grew by 38%, relative to the same period last year, to close at $2.95 billion. Pre-tax profits decreased by 12% to close at $254.4 million.

Our brand's popularity continues to grow both locally and internationally. All distribution channels recorded double digit growth, with the highest and lowest growth, seen in contract manufacturing and export being 59% and 21%, respectively.

The financial year proved to be a challenging one in terms of margins.  As a result of the economic impact due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the war in Ukraine, several supply chains have been disrupted. This has resulted in continued increase in the direct cost of raw materials.

MICHELLE CHONG EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR/ CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

<!-- image -->

The company implemented strategies to reduce the impact on the margins and the public.  As a result, our gross margins decreased by 8%, closing at 40%.

Administrative and selling &amp; distribution expenses, increased by 32% and 17%, respectively. With increased sales and an above 9% CPI rate for Jamaica, significant increases were seen in branding, merchandising and marketing, transportation, wages, repairs and utilities.

In our continued drive to deliver fresh products and allow ease of access to our products, an additional two outlets were opened in Old Harbour and Spanish Town, along with the addition of six (6) trucks.

The Company has passed the SQF certification.  Safe Quality Food (SQF) certification is a Global Food Safety Initiative, which enables companies to build consumers' trust and opens foreign markets for their products.  This certification is a step in our strategy to increase our export sales.

For six years, The Company has been awarded the Governor General Award for the Overall Best Junior Market Company for the Jamaica Stock Exchange Best Practices awards 2021.  In addition, Honey

Bun (1982) Limited, was the recipient for the PSOJ/JSE Corporate Governance award, for the fourth consecutive year. The Company was also winners for the Corporate Disclosure &amp; Investor Relations award and second runners up for the Best Annual Report and Best Performing company.

## CASH FLOW AND BALANCE SHEET

For this financial year, cash on hand decreased by $57.3 million, closing the year at $346.9 million. Our trade and other receivables grew by $58.6 million to close at $166.3 million.  Inventory increased by $57.9 million to close at $179.3million, while trade payables increased by $29.6 million to close at $225.3 million.  The changes in receivables, payables and inventory are a direct result of management's efforts to meet the needs of increased sales and reduce the impact of the supply chain disruptions.  Continued efforts are being made in reducing the over 90-days balances in Accounts receivables, and we are happy to report another write back in the provision for bad debt in the amount of $7.5 million. Although our cash balance decreased by 14% over prior year, Honey Bun (1982) Limited, continues to maintain a solid cash position as a hedge for our plans for further expansion and automation and against the unknown.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (Cont'd)

Total Non-Current Assets stood at $827.6 million at year end 2022, a 20% increase over previous year.  An additional $165.7 million in fixed assets was purchased, $74.8 million in plant and machinery, $42.9 million in vehicles and $33.5 million in baking equipment. IFRS 16 (right of use assets) increased by $52.8 million.   Rights of use assets encompass rental of outlet space and lease of additional vehicles.

Long-term loans (current and longterm portions) closed the year at $15.3 million compared to $18.3 million in the prior year.

Shareholders' equity closed at $1.16 billion, an increase of 18% over prior year. Returns on equity came in at 18.5% compared to 23% in the prior year, and earnings per share closed at .43 cents, down from .46 cents in the prior year. During the year, the company paid shareholders a total of $73 million in dividends. This represented a $13.67 million or 23% increase over the prior year. The dividend payment is consistent with our Mission to achieve greater success for our stakeholders.

The Honey Bun Foundation rolled out its Advisory Committee model, accepting eight (8) SME's and partnering them with three mentors each.  The Foundation also participated on the panel for 'The Trust for the America's' 2022 Summit, a discussion on the Jamaica's Entrepreneurial Landscape.

For the upcoming year 2023 our plans are geared towards increased export and distribution, improved efficiencies, staff retention and further automation of production.

## FUTURE PLANS

Significant growth is again projected for the upcoming year, and to that end, additional outlets are being planned country-wide, along with additional vehicles to our current fleet.  The Company will continue to make inroads in the overseas market, and as such our plans are to increase our marketing strategy and obtain additional distributors overseas.   Our goal is to make Honey Bun (1982) Limited, the first in mind and within easy reach to our customers.

The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly changed the work force, and Honey Bun continues to develop plans to retain, develop, train, and encourage staff members. The Company is committed to provide greater social interactions, opportunities for the staff, and to invest in a human resource management software to better manage staff development and interaction.

For our valued shareholders, our goal for even greater transparency and governance, will see us engaging internal auditors.  We have already engaged a subcontractor to provide some of the duties of an internal auditor. One of our primary focus areas is on greater efficiency and automation in order to increase our margins and as a mitigation to continue in-roads caused by the current economic and political climate. Honey Bun is committed to providing great returns and value to our shareholders.

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL DATA

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL REVIEW

| PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  ['000]  ['000]  ['000]  ['000]  ['000]  1,317,179  1,543,975  1,674,779  2,145,398  2,953,317  5%  17%  8%  28%  38%  715,891  799,170  875,505  1,123,208  1,777,509  54.4%  51.8%  52.3%  52.4%  60.1%  601,287  744,806  799,275  1,022,190  1,175,807  10%  24%  7%  28%  15%  48%  48%  48%  40%  279,669  299,273  333,747  402,054  531,029  6%  7%  12%  20%  32%  214,279  277,462  292,484  348,067  408,056  24%  29%  5%  19%  17%  4,997  1,514  1,886  1,563  3,257  -15%  -70%  25%  -17%  108%  98,096  182,580  191,040  290,199  254,441  -7%  86%  5%  52%  -12%  0.18  0.33  0.35  0.46  0.43  18,851  Sales Revenue J$-'000  Percentage increase over prior year  Cost of Sales  Percentage of Sales  Gross Profit  Percentage increase over prior year  Administrative Expenses J$-'000  Percentage increase over prior year  Selling &amp; Distribution Expenses J$-'000  Percentage increase over prior year  Financial Expenses J$-'000  Percentage increase over prior year  Pretax Profit J$-'000  Percentage increase over prior year  Earnings Per Share (EPS) J$  Dividends Paid J$-'000  28,276  37,701  59,380  73,046  0%  Percentage increase over prior year  50%  33%  58%  23%  11,674  Taxation  26,111  24,292  71,507  50,955  48,995  Depreciation and Amortisation  60,762  72,432  71,519  85,071  86,422  Net Profit after Tax J$-'000  156,469  166,748  218,691  203,486  21%  Efficiency ratio (Admin/Revenue)  19%  20%  19%  18%  54%  COS as a % of Revenue  52%  52%  52%  60%  16%  18%  17%  16%  14%  152,088  EBITDA J$-'000  244,856  265,358  363,281  342,770  Sales and Distribution expenses as  a % of Revenue   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

<!-- image -->

EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST, TAX AND DEPRECIATION

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION EXPENSES

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL EXPENSES - INTEREST

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## HUMAN RESOURCES

In keeping with the Human Resource department mission, 'To Recruit, Reward and Retain the Right Staff', our Human Resource team of talent-seekers, advocates, coaches, resource experts, mediators, negotiators and out-of-the-box thinkers support the professional growth and well-being of each employee. One of the department's objectives is to develop employees' talents so they are sufficiently capable of managing and operating the business as well as providing benefits and other programmes to attract, develop and retain the right staff

EMPLOYEE TESTIMONIAL CLAUDITTLE EDWARDS (RAW  MATERIAL  STOREROOM  SUPERVISOR

<!-- image -->

'It's been 27 years working at Honey Bun  and  it  has  been  indeed  an enriching experience for me. Honey Bun is an organization which offers opportunities for everyone to foster and  grow  both  professionally  and personally.  I  have  learnt  a  lot  over the years. There has also been a lot of cross functional learning exposure which has helped me in my overall growth. My peers are extremely supportive, encouraging, talented and overall, like one big family. One thing  that  impresses  me  the  most is  the  attitude of all the employees! So  caring  and  work  together  as  a team.   I  always  get  to  see  a  sense of company loyalty in most members and mixed with a bonafIde job satisfaction. Another great thing about working at Honey Bun is that a 'typical day' is never typical, there is always something challenging happening  and  every  day  is  filled with new learning opportunities.'

## TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT

Honey  Bun  is  committed  to  staff development with a goal of creating a climate of opportunities for employee growth which has benefitted the company  and  employees  at  large. Our Human Resource team oversees various best practice trainings in food safety  which  includes  GMP,  HACCP and Personal Hygiene starting with new  recruits right across all departments.  Being  a  Company  in the  food  manufacturing  industry,  we operate  at  the  highest  food  safety standards where our employees are captivated  with  continuous  learning opportunities in food safety programs. The  Company  prides  itself  in  being the first bakery to be HACCP certified in Jamaica.  Our Quality Department reminds Honey  Bun  of its motto consistently:  'Each  of  us  at  Honey Bun has a moral obligation to prepare safe food at the highest quality'.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Employee performance assessment is measured twice per year and  is  aligned  with  training  and development programs and succession planning. These programs  also  lead  to  promotions and  hold  employees  accountable for  meeting  measurable  corporate objectives. Arising from these assessments, targets are implemented  in  order  to  enhance employee performance.

## LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT

As  the  company  continues  to  focus on leadership development, we take pride in developing our leaders, sharpening their skills to enable continuous growth and increase efficiency of the business. Ms. Andrea McGibbon, Personal Development Consultant,  was  engaged  to  focus on leadership development amongst the  executive  team  and  other  core leaders from various departments

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN LIMITED LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT

## LEADERS LEAD

who participated in one-on-one wellbeing and professional sessions. Each executive member is assigned to mentor a leader through our internal  mentorship  program  giving each  leader  the  necessary  support and  guidance  both  professionally and personally.

## EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING SAFETY AND PERSONAL CARE

While  at  work,  the  health  and  wellbeing of our staff is paramount. Counselling plays a vital role in different aspects of managing human resources like career planning and development, performance management, stress management, and  other  areas  which  may  affect employees  emotionally whether it be work related or in their personal lives.  It  is  with  this  in  mind,  that  we have partnered with Choose  Life International to offer counselling and mentorship for employees. We have seen  where  this  initiative  is  being

<!-- image -->

well received and appreciated by our staff.  We gain feedback on employee satisfaction through annual employee opinion surveys.

As  we  continue  to  strive  for  a  zero occurrence of accidents/incidents, our  Occupational  Safety  and  Health committee focuses on employee safety  company-wide  ensuring  that the safest  working  conditions  are enforced.  Safety  talks  and  various safety  drill  exercises  are  practiced right throughout the year.

As a part of Honey Bun commitment to  the  improvement  of  the  lives  of our employees and their families, the organization once gain has awarded two  GSAT  scholarships  to  a  top  girl and  boy.    Omarie  Campbell,  son  of employee  Lesia  Clarke  (Production Worker)  and  Latina  Robinson  Grand Daughter  of  employee  Gem  Bartley (Accounts Receivable Clarke).

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## MARKETING HIGHLIGHTS

For the 2022 financial year, the company continued to connect with consumers at multiple touchpoints to build brand equity, increase brand awareness and grow consumer loyalty for our major brands.

## 40 TH  ROAD TOUR

Several activities and promotions took place during the year centred around celebrating the momentous milestone. These activities kicked off with a staff celebration followed by outdoor celebrations in Half Way Tree square in Kingston &amp; St. Andrew.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

We then took the 40 th  Anniversary celebration on the road, travelling from parish to parish and visiting major locations in each zone. It gave us a chance to give back and connect to our loyal customers and consumers that have continuously supported us.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Honey

Bun

<!-- image -->

Honey]

Bun

40

## NEW WHOLESALE OUTLETS

During the year, we opened two new wholesale outlets :

- Spanish Town, St. Catherine Spanish Town Bus and Taxi Park, Burke Road, Spanish Town St. Catherine
- Old Harbour, St. Catherine Shop #3, 16 East Street, Old Harbour St. Catherine

This has brought our outlet count to nine locations island-wide.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SPONSORSHIP

## JAMAICA PREMIER LEAGUE

To further broaden the awareness of our Honey Bun Shorty Bread brand and connect with a whole new sportloving segment of the market, we sponsored the Jamaica Premier League 2022 staging.

As a truly Jamaican company, our sponsorship allows us to support the development of professional football in Jamaica. The league has exposed tremendous talent that is so prevalent in our nation, and we are glad for the opportunity to help transform more lives.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## FUNFEST

We hopped on board for the Emancipation  Day  staging  of  the Funfest Family Event. With over 8,000  patrons  in  attendance,  we were able to give back on a large scale. We even offered products for sale at discounted prices..

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

Grounded in philanthropy, we continued to extend support to various charities, foundations, fundraising exercises, educational institutions and other outreach programmes. Each week we made a weekly donation of products to Missionaries of the Poor as well as other charities in need.

## DONUTS FOR NURSES

It has been our mandate for the past three consecutive years to gift nurses across the island with freshly-baked donuts in celebration of International Nurses Day which is celebrated on May 12 each year.

The initiative started to show gratitude and appreciation to our nation's nurses who were on the front lines during the COVID-19 crisis. It has then become a tradition for us to celebrate and support the nurses each year.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Britannia Gordon (left), marketing assistant at Honey Bun, joins (from second left) Patsy EdwardsHenry, president of the Nurses Association of Jamaica; Loriann Tater ,  marketing and business development manager at Honey Bun; Laverna Campbell , general secretary, Nurses Association of Jamaica; and Inga Hunter-Martin, assistant recording secretary, NAJ, during last Thursday's International Nurses Day celebration at the Terra Nova All-Suite Hotel

<!-- image -->

'We are proud to continue supporting and showing our appreciation to our nurses year after year. Outside of the pandemic, our nurses have worked tirelessly for the health of our nation. We want to congratulate, recognise and encourage you each day! But, mostly, we want to thank you'. - Michelle Chong, Chief Executive Officer.

## THE HONEY BUN FOUNDATION

The Honey Bun Foundation significantly and purposefully strengthened its relationship with the Ministry of Industry, Investment and Commerce in 2022. This relationship has cemented a plan for the Foundation and the Ministry's websites to be linked, and the Foundation will be added to the Ministry's catalogue of service providers for the industry. This is a meaningful achievement for the Foundation and an important milestone in its unrelenting drive to empower SMEs and the Creative Industry.

The Foundation continues to deliver its thoughtfully crafted models which include the GAPP App, the Advisory Committee, and the National Training Calendar for SMEs. The GAPP App has shown the Foundation the general strengths and weaknesses in the industry for SMEs, showing that while our greatest strength is marketing, export has much room for improvement. The GAPP App shows SMEs where their areas of weaknesses are in their business, and where to go to fill them.

<!-- image -->

In 2022, The Honey Bun Foundation launched its first cohort of eight (8) SMEs who received mentorship from twenty-one (21) highly qualified mentors. These SMEs each had three (3) advisors who supported Jamaica's first standardised recommended model for mentorship. Prior, advisors were provided without documented standards to support SMEs. This demonstrates the growth and continuous buildout of the Foundation's mission and focus.

Participants who completed their 12 months of support had the following to say:

'Being a part of The Honey Bun Foundation's Advisory Committee has been life transforming. My advisors have helped me to be more strategic. As a result, I have seen significant increase in our sales, and I have been able to get a lot more done in a more systematic way. - Candice Gordon: Shevielle Naturals. '

'My three advisors have helped my company from where it was months ago to where it is now. They took the time to learn about my business and helped me through the challenges. They showed me how to improve and held me be accountable, which is so important. I have grown tremendously personally, in restoring certain discipline and getting some activities that needed to be done for the company done. - Andrea McGibbon Founder and CEO Disidentify '

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

'My time with The Honey Bun Foundation's Advisory Committee was nothing short of amazing! They have helped me tremendously in giving me useful advice to expand my business. One thing I will take away from this programme is the Strategic Road Map that has helped me achieve my goals and is something that I will use in my business going forward '

- Jodi Miler Mirage: Puk r up cosmetics

<!-- image -->

## Partneships

The  year  also  featured  greater engagement in initiatives supporting SMEs, one of which saw The Honey Bun Foundation participating in the Trust for the America's 2022 Summit on November 9th at the University College of the Caribbean (UCC). The Foundation was represented by its General Manager Nashauna Lalah, in a panel discussion focusing on the local entrepreneurial landscape. Also participating on the panel were: Professor Rosalea Hamilton, CEO of Lasco Chin Foundation; Kamal Brown, Founder of Digita Global Group; and Randy Makk, co-founder, and CEO of Bresheh.

the Advisory Committee model and offer to their members for 2023. The Foundation will continue to market the model to other support organisations, to reach SMEs across the island. This is another key achievement for the still-young Foundation and signals the growing profile of the Michelle Chong-conceptualised not-for-profit organisation.

Looking forward to 2023, The Honey Bun Foundation will be creating more models to support SMEs as it works with another cohort for its very effective Advisory Committee model. This is purposeful execution of its mandate of, 'Creating powerful business models for SMEs and the Creative Industry to become transformational industries for Jamaica's economy.'

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

HONEY BUN ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## FINANCIAL STATEMENT

- 71 Independent Auditors' Report To The Members

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| - 76 Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - 77 Statement of Financial Position  - 78 Statement of Changes in Equity  - 79 Statement of Cash Flows  - 80 Notes to the Financial Statements   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORI

To the Members of Honey Bun (1982) Limited

## Report on the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have statement of financial position as at 30 September 2022, and the statements of which comprise the income, changes in equity and cash flows for the then or loss and other comprehensive information. Pnded,and notes , comprising significant accounting policies and other explanatory year profit the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position In our opinion, and of its financial performance and its cash flows for the of the company as at 30 September 2022, Standards   (IFRS) and the year then ended in accordance with   International Financial   Reporting requirements of the Jamaican Companies Act.

## Basis for Opinion

conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs) . Our We under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the our report. We are independent of the company in Audit of the Standards Board for Accountants International Code of Ethics accordance with the International Ethics Standards)   (IESBA Code) and we for Professional   Accountants  (including International Independence have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.

that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis We believe for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

financial  statements of the current period.  These matters were addressed in the our audit of the as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we context of our audit of the financial statements do not provide a separate opinion on these matters . Key

<!-- image -->

Tel:

(876) 926-1616/7, 926-4421

Fax: (876) 926-7580

<!-- image -->

To the Members of Honey Bun (1982) Limited

## Audit Matters (cont'd) Key

| Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  IFRS  9 ,  Financial  Instruments ,  requires  the  Our audit procedures in response to this matter  company to recognize expected credit losses (ECL)  included:  on  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost.  The  determination  of  ECL  is  subjective  and  - Obtaining an understanding of the model used by management for the calculation of expected credit losses on accounts receivable  requires  management  to  make  significant  judgements and  estimates and the application of  forward-looking information.  - The identification of significant increases in credit risk is a area of judgement as the criteria determine whether a 12   month or lifetime allowance is recorded. key  - Testing the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the models to the underlying accounting records.  - IFRS 9 requires the company to incorporate forward-information, reflecting a range of possible future economic conditions , in measuring expected credit losses. Significant management judgement is used in determining the economic scenarios and management overlay.  - Review the ECL model , assess the appropriateness of the company's impairment methodology, management 5 assumptions and compliance with the new requirements of  - Evaluate the   appropriateness of economic parameters including the use of forward looking information.  - These estimates involve increased judgment as a result of the economic impact of COVID- 19 on the company's trade receivables Management considered the following:  - Test the company's recording and ageing of trade receivables.  - Qualitative factors that create COVID-19 related changes in the business and economic environment in which   specific customers operate.  - Increased uncertainty about potential future economic scenarios and their impact on credit losses.  Key   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To the Members of Honey Bun (1982) Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (continued)

Measurement of expected credit losses (continued)

| Audit Matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  We therefore determined that the estimates  Assessing the adequacy of the disclosures of the  of impairment in respect of trade receivables  assumptions  and   judgements  as  well  as  have a high degree of estimation uncertainty.  compliance with IFRS 9  See note 5(c) (ii) of the financial statements.  Based  on  the audit procedures   performed,  no  adjustments  to  the  financial  statements  were  deemed necessary .  5  Key  key   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report but does not include the financial statements and our auditors' report thereon. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to US after the date of this auditors report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial  statements, our responsibility  is to read information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing s0, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT\_AUDITORS' REPORI(CONT'D)

To the Members of Honey Bun (1982) Limited

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS and the Jamaican Companies Act, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the company' s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do s0\_

Those charged with governance are responsible for   overseeing the process .

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. they

As of an audit in accordance with we exercise professional   judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: ISAS , part

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not  detecting a material misstatement   resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error , as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions , misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control\_
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the   appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the financial statements if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors report. However , future events or conditions may cause the company to cease to continue as a going concern. Or ,

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT\_AUDIIORS' REPORT (CONT'D)

To the Members of Honey Bun (1982) Limited

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (cont'd)

- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements , including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that presents a true and fair view

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors'   report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of would reasonably be   expected to outweigh the   public interest benefits of such communication. key doing

## Report on additional matters as required by the Jamaican Companies Act

We have obtained all the information and explanations which, to the best of our knowledge and belief , were necessary for the purposes of our audit.

In our opinion, proper accounting records have been kept, s0 far as appears from our examination of those records, and the financial statements, which are in agreement therewith, give the information required by the Jamaican Companies Act, in the manner required.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Sonia McFarlane

<!-- image -->

Chartered Accountants

29 November 2022

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $  $  REVENUE  6  2,953,316,659  2,145,397,847  COST OF SALES  (1,777,509,447)  (1,123,207,983)  GROSS PROFIT  1,175,807,212  1,022,189,864  Other operating income  7  2,538,962  4,778,048  1,178,346,174  1,026,967,912  EXPENSES:  Administrative  (   531,029,046)  (   402,054,188)  Selling and distribution  (   408,055,802)  (   348,067,202)  8  (   939,084,848)  (   750,121,390)  Movement on impairment losses on financial assets  8  7,537,841  8,272,813  OPERATING PROFIT  246,799,167  285,119,335  Finance income - interest  12,563,725  5,770,341  Finance costs  10  (      3,257,435)  (      1,563,410)  256,105,457  289,326,266  Appreciation/(depreciation) in value of investments  classified as fair value through profit or loss  (      1,664,083)  872,524  PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION  254,441,374  290,198,790  Taxation  11  (     50,955,193)  (     71,507,443)  NET PROFIT, BEING TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE  INCOME  203,486,181  218,691,347  EARNINGS PER STOCK UNIT  12  0.43  0.46   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 6

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Note                         2022  2021  $  $  ASSETS  NON-CURRENT ASSETS:  Property, plant and equipment  13  665,708,575  583,871,161  Investments  14  98,347,866  95,602,465  Intangible assets  15  7,485,525  5,325,879  Right-of-use assets  16  56,093,973  3,222,160  827,635,939  688,021,665  CURRENT ASSETS:  Inventories  17  179,346,068  121,399,079  Receivables  18  166,351,636  107,753,383  Taxation recoverable  6,765,770  4,034,001  Cash and cash equivalents  19  346,916,144  404,250,464  699,379,618  637,436,927  1,527,015,557  1,325,458,592  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  EQUITY:  Share capital  20  46,514,770  46,514,770  Capital reserve  21  53,818,788  53,818,788  Retained earnings  1,058,979,291  928,539,488  1,159,312,849  1,028,873,046  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:  Deferred taxation  22  56,561,842  50,674,475  Long term loans  23  12,196,653  15,344,144  Lease liability  16  42,743,947  724,290  111,502,442  66,742,909  CURRENT LIABILITIES:  Payables  24  225,373,963  195,772,361  Taxation payable  13,874,773  28,338,290  Current portion of long term loans  23  3,147,491  2,974,982  Current portion of lease liability  16  13,804,039  2,757,004  256,200,266  229,842,637  1,527,015,557  1,325,458,592   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 November 2022 and signed on its behalf by:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Herbert Chong   -    Chairman

Wayne Wray   -         Director

Page 7

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

| Note  Share            Capital         Retained  Capital          Reserve        Earnings             Total  $                     $                   $                     $  BALANCE AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2020  46,514,770  53,818,788  769,227,777  869,561,335  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  Profit for the year  -  -  218,691,347  218,691,347  TRANSACTION WITH OWNERS  Dividends  25  -  -  (  59,379,636)  (    59,379,636)  BALANCE AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2021  46,514,770  53,818,788  928,539,488  1,028,873,046  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  Profit for the year  -  -  203,486,181  203,486,181  TRANSACTION WITH OWNERS  Dividends  25  -  -  (   73,046,378)  (    73,046,378)  BALANCE AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2022  46,514,770  53,818,788  1,058,979,291  1,159,312,849   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 8

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS YEAR ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  $  $  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:  Net profit  203,486,181  218,691,347  Items not affecting cash resources:  Depreciation  13  83,928,868  70,719,353  ( Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant  and equipment  -  (   1,008,038)  Amortisation  15  1,142,211  799,815  Adjustment on intangible assets  15  -  -  Amortisation - right-of-use assets  16  7,442,775  2,577,729  Effect of exchange rate  translation  (    4,156,249)  (   2,838,427)  Interest income  (  12,563,725)  (   5,770,341)  Interest expense  882,508  1,173,249  Interest expense - right-of-use assets  2,374,927  390,161  Taxation expense  11  50,955,193  71,507,443  333,492,689  356,242,291  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Inventories  (  57,946,989)  (  50,124,535)  Receivables  (  58,322,727)  (  34,070,716)  Payables  29,564,235  65,852,273  246,787,208  337,899,313  Taxation paid  (  62,263,110)  (  33,458,313)  Cash provided by operating activities  184,524,098  304,441,000  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and  equipment  -  1,304,350  Additions to property, plant and equipment  13  (165,766,282)  (101,438,421)  Additions to intangible assets  15  (    3,301,857)  (    4,377,160)  Investments (net)  14  1,338,981  (  34,276,231)  Interest received  12,367,022  5,079,987  Cash used in investing activities  (155,362,136)  (133,707,475)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:  Repayment of long-term loans  (    2,974,982)  (   2,811,929)  Dividends paid  25  (  73,046,378)  ( 59,379,636)  Interest paid  (       882,508)  (   1,173,249)  Lease payment  (    9,622,825)  (   2,935,872)  Cash used in financing activities  (  86,526,693)  (  66,300,686)  (Decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (  57,364,731)  104,432,839  Exchange effect on foreign cash balances  30,411  2,838,427  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  404,250,464  296,979,198  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR (note 19)  346,916,144  404,250,464   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

Page 9

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 1. IDENTIFICATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES :

- (a) Honey Bun (1982) Limited is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Jamaica.  The registered office of the company is 26 Retirement Crescent, Kingston 5, Jamaica. The company is listed on the Junior Market of the Jamaica Stock Exchange since 3 June 2011.  Next Incorporated, a company registered under the Belize IBC Act 2000 owns 56.5% of the issued shares of the company.
- (b) The principal activities of the company are the manufacturing and distribution of baked products to the local and export markets.

## 2. REPORTING CURRENCY:

Items included in the financial statements of the company are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the company operates ('the functional currency'). These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Jamaican  dollars,  which  is  considered  the company's functional and presentation currency.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these financial statements are set out below. The policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented.  Where necessary,  prior  year  comparatives  have  been  reclassified  to  conform  to  current  year presentation.

## (a) Basis of preparation

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and their interpretations adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board, and have been prepared under the historical cost convention as modified by the revaluation of certain freehold land and buildings and plant and machinery.  They are also prepared in accordance with requirements of the Jamaican Companies Act.

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  IFRS  requires  the  use  of certain  critical  accounting  estimates.    It  also  requires  management  to  exercise  its judgement  in  the  process  of  applying  the  company's  accounting  policies.    Although these  estimates  are  based  on  management's  best  knowledge  of  current  events  and action, actual results could differ from those estimates.  The areas involving a higher degree  of  judgement  or  complexity,  or  areas  where  assumptions  and  estimates  are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4.

New,  revised  and  amended  standards  and  interpretations  that  became  effective during the year

Certain new standards, interpretations and amendments to existing standards have been published  that  became  effective  during  the  current  financial  year.  The  company  has assessed the relevance of all such new standards, interpretations and amendments and has  concluded  that  the  following  new  standards,  interpretations  and  amendments  are immediately relevant to its operations.

Page 10

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

- (a) Basis of preparation (cont'd)

New,  revised  and  amended  standards  and  interpretations  that  became  effective during the year (cont'd)

The company has adopted the following new and amended standards and interpretations as of 1 October 2021:

Amendment to IFRS 16, 'Leases', (effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021) . As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, rent concessions have been granted to lessees. This amendment provides lessees with an option to treat qualifying rent concessions in the same  way as they would if they were not lease modifications. There was no impact on the company's financial statements from the adoption of this amendment as the company did not receive rent concessions.

Amendments  to  IFRS  9,  IAS  39,  IFRS  7,  IFRS  4  and  IFRS  16,  (effective  for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021). These address issues that might  affect financial reporting during the  reform  of  an  interest rate benchmark, including the  effects  of  changes  to  contractual  cash  flows  or  hedging relationships  arising  from  the  replacement  of  an  interest  rate  benchmark  with  an alternative benchmark rate (replacement issues). Major changes:

- Added a practical expedient that enables a company to account for a change in  the  contractual cash flows that are required by the reform by updating the effective interest rate to reflect, for example, the change in an interest rate benchmark from IBOR to an alternative benchmark rate.
- Provide relief from specific hedge accounting requirements.

There was no impact from the adoption of this amendment.

New  standards,  amendments  and  interpretations  not  yet  effective  and  not  early adopted

The  following  new  standards,  amendments  and  interpretation  which  are  not  yet effective and have not been adopted early in these financial statements, will or may have an effect on the company's future financial statements:

Amendments  to  IAS  1  and  IAS  8  on  the  definition  of  material (effective  for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January  2023) .  These  amendments to IAS  1,  'Presentation  of  Financial  Statements',  and  IAS  8,  'Accounting  Policies, Changes  in  Accounting  Estimates  and  Errors',  and  consequential  amendments  to other IFRSs: i)  use  a  consistent  definition  of  materiality  throughout  IFRSs  and  the Conceptual  Framework  for  Financial  Reporting;  ii)  clarify  the  explanation  of  the definition  of  material;  and  iii)  incorporate  some  of  the  guidance  in  IAS  1  about immaterial  information.  The  adoption  of  this  standard  is  not  expected  to  have  a significant impact on the company.

Page 11

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (a) Basis of preparation (cont'd)

New  standards,  amendments  and  interpretations  not  yet  effective  and  not  early adopted (cont'd)

Amendments to IAS 1, 'Presentation of Financial Statements' on Classification of Liabilities  (effective  for  accounting  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January 2023). These  narrow-scope  amendments  to  IAS  1,  'Presentation  of  financial statements', clarify that liabilities  are  classified  as  either  current  or  non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification is unaffected by the expectation of the entity or events after the reporting date (for example, the receipt of a waiver or a breach of covenant). The amendment  also clarifies  what  IAS  1  means  when  it  refers  to  the  'settlement'  of  a  liability.    The company  will  assess  the  impact  of  future  adoption  of  this  amendment  on  its financial statements.

Amendment to IAS 16, 'Property, Plant and Equipment' (effective for accounting periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  January  2022). This  amendment  prohibits  an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds received from selling items produced while the entity is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, the entity will recognise such sales proceeds and related cost in profit or loss. It also clarifies that an entity is 'testing whether the asset is function properly' when it assesses the technical and physical performance of  the  asset.  The  financial  performance  of  the  asset  is  not  relevant  to  this assessment.  Entities  must  disclose  separately  the  amounts  of  proceeds  and  costs relating to items produced that are not an output of the entity's ordinary activities. The  company  will  assess  the  impact  of  future  adoption  of  this  amendment  on  its financial statements.

Amendments to IAS 12 'Income Taxes', (effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023). The main change in deferred tax related to assets and liabilities from a single transaction is an exemption from the initial recognition exemption provided in IAS 12.15 and IAS 12.24. accordingly, the initial recognition  exemption  does  not  apply  to  transactions  in  which  equal  amounts  of deductible and taxable temporary differences arise on initial recognition.

Page 12

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (a) Basis of preparation (cont'd)

New  standards,  amendments  and  interpretations  not  yet  effective  and  not  early adopted (cont'd)

Annual improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2021 cycle (effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022). These amendments include minor changes to the following applicable standards:

- (i) IFRS  9,  'Financial  Instruments'  amendment  clarifies  that  -  for  the  purpose  of performing  the  '10  per  cent  test'  for  derecognition  of  financial  liabilities  -  in determining those fees paid net of fees received, a borrower includes only fees paid  or  received  between  the  borrower  and  the  lender,  including  fees  paid  or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf.
- (ii) IFRS  16,  'Leases'  amendment  removes  the  illustration  of  payments  from  the lessor relating to leasehold improvements.

The company is assessing the impact the amendment will have on its 2022 financial statements.

## (b) Foreign currency translation

Foreign currency transactions are accounted for at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

Monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign  currency  are  translated  to  Jamaican  dollars using the closing rate as at the reporting date.

Exchange  differences  arising  from  the  settlement  of  transactions  at  rates  different from  those at the dates of the transactions  and unrealized foreign  exchange differences on unsettled foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are recognized in profit or loss.

## (c) Property, plant and equipment

Items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  measured  at  cost,  except  for  certain freehold land and buildings and plant and machinery which are measured at valuation, less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, (deemed cost).

Cost  includes  expenditures  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the asset.  The  cost  of  self-constructed  assets  includes  the  cost  of  material  and  direct labour  and  any  other  costs  directly  attributable  to  bringing  the  asset  to  a  working condition for its intended use. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment .

Page 13

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D) :

## (c) Property, plant and equipment (cont'd)

Depreciation  on  all  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  calculated  on  the straight-line  basis  at  annual  rates  estimated  to  write  off  the  carrying  value  of  the assets  over  the  period  of  their  estimated  useful  lives.  Land  is  not  depreciated.  The expected useful lives of the other property, plant and equipment are as follows:

| Buildings  40 years  Furniture and fixtures  10 years  Bakery fixtures  2 to 5 years  Computers and accessories  4 years  Motor vehicles  5 years  Plant and machinery  10 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gains  and  losses  on  disposals  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  determined  by comparing  proceeds  with  carrying  amounts  and  are  included  in  profit  or  loss.    On disposal of revalued assets, amounts in revaluation reserve relating to those assets are transferred to retained earnings.

Equity instruments at FVTPL are not subject to an impairment assessment.

## (d) Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell.  Cost  is determined as follows:

Finished goods              -

Cost of product plus all indirect costs to bring the item to a saleable condition.

Raw material

-

Cost of product plus duty and related cost in bringing the inventories to their present location.

Goods-in-transit

-

Cost of goods converted at the year end exchange rate.

Net realisable value is the estimate of the selling price in the ordinary course of business, less selling expenses.

## (e) Provisions

Provisions  are  recognized  when  the  company  has  a  present  legal  or  constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required  to  settle  the  obligation;  and  the  amount  has  been  reliably  estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole.

Page 14

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (e) Provisions (cont'd)

Provisions  are  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  expenditure  expected  to  be required  to  settle  the  obligation  using  a  pre-tax  rate  that  reflects  current  market assessments  of  the  time  value  of  money  and  risks  specific  to  the  obligation.  The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized as interest expense.

## (f) Revenue recognition

Performance obligations and revenue recognition policies:

Revenue  is  measured  based  on  the  consideration  specified  in  a  contract  with  a customer.  The company recognises revenue when it transfers control over a good or service to a customer.

The nature and timing of the satisfaction of performance obligations in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related  revenue recognition policies are as follows:

| Type of service  Nature and timing of satisfaction of performance  obligations,  including significant payment terms.  Revenue recognition under IFRS 15.  Sale of baked products  Customers  obtain  control  of  goods when the goods are delivered to and accepted  by  them.    Invoices  are generated and  the revenue is recognized at that point in time.  Invoices  are  usually  payable  within 30 days.  Revenue is recognised when the goods are delivered  and  have  been accepted by the customers.  ## Interest income   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest  income  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  using  the  effective  interest  method. The  'effective  interest  rate'  is  the  rate  that  exactly  discounts  the  estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial instruments to its gross carrying amount.

When calculating the effective interest rate for financial instruments, the company estimates future cash flows considering all contractual terms  of the financial instrument, but not ECL.

Page 15

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (g) Impairment of non-current assets

Property, plant  and  equipment  and  other  non-current  assets  are  reviewed  for impairment  losses  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.    An  impairment  loss  is  recognized  for  the amount by which the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount, which is the greater of an asset's net selling price and value in use.  For the purpose of assessing  impairment,  assets  are  grouped  at  the  lowest  level  for  which  there  are separately identified cash flows.

## (h) Borrowings

Borrowings are recognized initially at the proceeds received, net of transaction costs Incurred.  Borrowings are subsequently stated at amortised cost.

Borrowing costs incurred for the construction of the qualifying assets are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use.  Other borrowing costs are expensed.

## (i) Current and deferred income taxes

Current tax charges are based on taxable profits for the year, which differ from the profit  before  tax  reported  because  taxable  profits  exclude  items  that  are  taxable  or deductible  in  other  years,  and  items  that  are  never  taxable  or  deductible.    The company's liability for current tax is calculated at tax rates that have been enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax is the tax that is expected to be paid or recovered on differences between the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases. Deferred  income  tax  is  provided  in  full,  using  the  liability  method,  on  temporary differences  arising  between  the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying amounts  in  the  financial  statements.    Deferred  income  tax  is  determined  using  tax rates that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the reporting date and are expected  to  apply  when  the  related  deferred  income  tax  asset  is  realized  or  the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

Deferred tax is charged or credited to profit or loss, except where it relates to items charged or credited to other comprehensive income or equity, in which case deferred tax is also dealt with in other comprehensive income or equity.

## (j) Trade and other payables

Trade payables are stated at amortied cost.

Page 16

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (k) Intangible assets

## Computer software:

Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the cost incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over the estimated useful life of three (3) years on a straight line basis.

Costs  associated  with  developing  or  maintaining  computer  software  programmes  are recognised as expenses as incurred.

## (l) Financial instruments

A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to both a financial asset in one entity and a financial liability or equity of another entity.

## Financial assets

## (i) Classification

The  company  classifies  its  financial  assets  as  amortised  cost  and  fair  value through profit or loss. The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial  assets  were  acquired.    Management  determines  the classification  of its financial assets at initial recognition.

## Amortised cost

These  assets  arise  principally  from  the  provision  of  goods  and  services  to customers (eg. trade receivables), but also incorporate other types of financial assets where  the  objective  is  to  hold  these  assets  in order  to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal  and  interest  (SPPI).  They  are  initially  recognized  at  fair  value  plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition or issue and are  subsequently  carried  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  rate method, less provision for impairment.

The company's financial assets measured at amortised cost comprise cash and cash  equivalents,  receivables,  due  from  related  company  and  short  term deposits.

Cash and cash equivalents are carried in the statement of financial position at cost. For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents comprise  cash  at  bank  and  in  hand  and  short  term  deposits  with  original maturity of three months or less.

Page 17

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (l) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Financial assets (cont'd)

## (i) Classification (cont'd)

## Fair value through profit or loss(FVTPL)

The company has made an irrevocable election to  classify its  investments  at fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  rather  than  through  other  comprehensive income as the company considers this measurement to be the most representative of the business model for those assets. They are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

The  company's  financial assets measured  at  FVTPL  are  its investments securities  which  includes  equity  instruments  in  the  statement  of  financial position.

## (ii) Recognition and Measurement

Regular  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognized  on  the  tradedate - the date on which the company commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are initially recognized at fair value plus transaction costs for all  financial  assets  not  carried  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.    Financial assets  are  derecognized  when  the  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the financial  assets  have  expired  or  have  been  transferred  and  the  company  has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership.

The  company  assesses  at  each  reporting  date  whether  there  is  objective evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. If any such evidence exists, the cumulative loss - measured as the difference between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognized in profit or loss - is removed from other comprehensive income and recognized in profit or loss.

## (iii) Impairment

Impairment  provisions  for  trade  receivables  are  recognised  based  on  the simplified approach within IFRS 9 using a provision matrix in the determination of the lifetime expected credit losses (ECL).

During this process the probability of the non-payment of the trade receivables is  assessed  by  taking  into  consideration  historical  rates  of  default  for  each segment of trade receivables as well as the estimated impact of forward looking information. This probability is then multiplied by the amount of the expected loss  arising  from  default  to  determine  the  lifetime  ECL  for  the  trade receivables. For trade receivables, which are reported net, such provisions are recorded in a separate provision account with the loss being recognised within the statement of profit or loss.  On confirmation that the trade receivable will not be collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision.

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (l) Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Financial liabilities

The  company's  financial  liabilities are initially  measured  at  fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest  method.    At  the  reporting  date,  the  following  were  classified  as  financial liabilities: long term loans, payables and lease liability.

## (m) Segment reporting

An  operating  segment  is  a  component  of  the  company  that  engages  in  business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses; whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity's Chief Operation Decision Maker (CODM) to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and for which discrete financial information is available.

A  segment  is  a  distinguishable  component  of  the  company  that  is  engaged  either  in providing  products  (business  segment),  or  in  providing  products  within  a  particular economic environment (geographical segment), which is subject to risks and rewards that are different from those of other segments.

The  company's  activities  are  limited  to  the  manufacture  and  distribution  of  baked products to Jamaican and overseas consumers.  Overseas revenue is less than 10% of gross operating revenue and not considered a separate segment. No additional segment information is provided.

## (n) Share capital

Ordinary shares are classified as equity.  Incremental costs directly attributed to the issue of ordinary shares are recognized as a deduction from equity.

## (o) Other receivables

Other receivables are stated at amortised cost less impairment losses, if any.

## (p) Dividend distribution

Dividend distribution to the company's shareholders is recognized as a liability in the company's financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the company's shareholders.  In the case of interim dividends, this is recognized when declared by the directors.

Dividend for the year that are declared after the reporting date are dealt with in the subsequent events note.

Page 19

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (q) Leases

All leases are accounted for by recognizing a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term greater than 12 months.

Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the contractual payments due to the lessor over the lease term, with the discount rate determined by reference to the rate  inherent  in  the  lease unless  (as  is  typically  the  case)  this  is  not  readily determinable, in which case the company's incremental borrowing rate on commencement of the lease is used. Variable lease payments are only included in the measurement of the lease liability if they depend on an index or rate. In such cases, the initial measurement of the lease liability assumes the variable element will remain unchanged throughout the lease term. Other variable lease payments are expensed in the period to which they relate.

On initial  recognition,  the  carrying  value  of  the  lease  liability  also  includes  amounts expected to be payable under any residual value guarantee, the exercise price of any purchase option granted in favour of the company if it is reasonably certain to assess that option, any penalties payable for terminating the lease, if the term of the lease has been estimated on the basis of termination option being exercised.

Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the amount of the lease liability, reduced for any lease incentives received, and increased for lease payments made at or before commencement  of  the  lease,  initial  direct  costs  incurred  and  the  amount  of  any provision  recognized  where  the  company  is  contractually  required  to  dismantle, remove or restore the leased asset.

Subsequent  to  initial  measurement,  lease  liabilities  increase  as  a  result  of  interest charged  at  a  constant  rate  on  the  balance  outstanding  and  are  reduced  for  lease payments  made.  Right-of-use  assets  are  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the remaining  term  of  the  lease  or  over  the  remaining  economic  life  of  the  asset, whichever is shorter.

When the company revises its estimate of the term of any lease (because, for example, it  re-assesses  the  probability  of  a  lessee  extension  or  termination  option  being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments to make over the revised term, which are discounted at the same discount rate that applied  on  lease  commencement.  The  carrying  value  of  lease  liabilities  is  similarly revised when the variable element of future payments dependent on a rate or index is revised. In both cases an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset, with the revised  carrying  amount  being  amortised  over  the remaining lease term.

Page 20

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D):

## (r) Related parties

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (referred to in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures as the 'reporting entity' in this case the company).

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the company if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the company;
- (ii) has significant influence over the company; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the company or of a parent of the company.
- (b) An entity is related to the company if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The  entity  and  the  company  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of employees of either the company or an entity related to the company.
- (vi) The entity is controlled, or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is  a  member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the company or to the parent of the company.
- (c) A  related  party  transaction  is  a  transfer  of  resources,  services  or  obligations between a related parties, regardless of whether a price is charged.

Page 21

The price that w ould be received to sel  an as

The price that w ould be received to sel  an as et or paid to transfer a li abil ty in an orderly transacti on betw een market participants at the measurem ent date

et or paid to transfer a li abil ty in an orderly transacti on betw een market participants at the measurem ent date

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES:

Judgements and estimates  are  continually  evaluated  and  are  based  on  historical  experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

## (a) Critical judgements in applying the company's accounting policies

In  the  process  of  applying  the  company's  accounting  policies,  management  has  not made any judgements that it believes would cause a significant impact on the amounts recognized in the financial statements.

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The company makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future.  The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results.  The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  next  financial  year  are discussed below:

## (i) Fair value estimation

A number  of  assets and  liabilities included in the company's  financial statements require measurement at, and/or disclosure of, fair value.

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

The fair value measurement of the company's financial and non-financial assets and  liabilities  utilises  market  observable  inputs  and  data  as  far  as  possible. Inputs  used  in  determining  fair  value  measurements  are  categorized  into different  levels  based  on  how  observable  the  inputs  used  in  the  valuation technique utilized are; the 'fair value hierarchy:

- Level 1 Quoted prices in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities. (unadjusted)

Inputs  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  level  1  that  are observable  for  the  asset  or  liability,  either  directly  (that  is,  as

- Level 2 prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).
- Level 3 Inputs  for  the  asset  or  liability  that  are  not  based  on  observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs).

The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that has a significant effect on the fair value measurement of  the  item.    The  fair  values  of  quoted  instruments  are  based  on  the  spread between the bid and ask prices at valuation date.

Page 22

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONT'D):

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

## (ii) Income taxes

Estimates are required in determining the provision for income tax.  There are some transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.  The company recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due.  Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,  such  differences  will  impact  the  income  tax  and  deferred  tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

## (iii) Depreciable assets

Estimates  of  the  useful  life  and  the  residual  value  of  property,  plant  and equipment are required in order to apply an adequate rate of transferring the economic  benefits  embodied  in  these  assets  in  the  relevant  periods.    The company applies a variety of methods in an effort to arrive at these estimates from which actual results may vary.  Actual variations in estimated useful lives and residual values are reflected in the  statement of income  through impairment or adjusted depreciation provisions.

## (iv) Net realizable value of inventories

Estimates  of  net  realizable  value  are  based  on  the  most  reliable  evidence available at the time the estimates are made, of the amount the inventories are expected to realize. The estimates take into consideration fluctuations of price or cost directly relating to events occurring after the end of the period to the  extent  that  such  events  confirm  conditions  existing  at  the  end  of  the period.

Estimates of net realizable value also take into consideration the purpose for which the inventory is held.

## (v) Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance

Allowances are determined upon origination of the trade receivable based on a model that calculates the expected credit loss (ECL) of the trade receivables.

Under this ECL model, the company segments its trade receivables in a matrix by days past due and determined for each age bracket an average rate of ECL, considering  actual  loss  experience  over  the  last  12  months  and  analysis  of future default, that is applied to the balance of the trade receivables.

The average ECL rate increases in each segment of days past due until the rate is 100% for the segment of 365 days or more past due. The use of assumptions make uncertainty inherent in such estimates.

Page 23

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT:

The company is exposed through its operations to the following financial risks:

- -Credit risk
- -Fair value or cash flow interest rate risk
- -Foreign exchange risk
- -Other market price, and
- -Liquidity risk

In common with all other businesses, the company is exposed to risks that that arise from its use  of  financial  instruments.    This  note  describes  the  company's  objectives,  policies  and processes for  managing  those  risks  and  the  methods  used  to  measure  them.  Further quantitative  information  in  respect  of  these  risks  is  presented  throughout  these  financial statements.

There  have  been  no  substantive  changes  in  the  company's  exposure  to  financial  instrument risks,  its  objectives,  policies  and  processes  for  managing  those  risks  or  the  methods  used  to measure them from previous periods unless otherwise stated in this note.

## (a) Principal financial instruments

The  principal  financial  instruments  used  by  the  company,  from  which  financial instrument risk arises, are as follows:

- -Receivables
- -Cash and bank balances
- -Investments
- -Payables
- -Long term loans
- -Lease liability

## (b) Financial instruments by category

## Financial assets

| Fair value through  Amortised cost  profit or loss  2022  2021  2022  2021  $  $  $  $  Cash and bank balances  97,374,512   145,993,558  -  -  Short term investments  249,541,632  258,256,906  -  -  Receivables  111,036,536  62,766,636  -  -  Investments  82,315,421  78,045,752  16,032,446  17,556,713  Total financial assets  540,268,101  545,062,852  16,032,446  17,556,713   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 24

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (b) Financial instruments by category (cont'd)

## Financial liabilities

| Financial liabilities  at amortised cost  2022                 2021  $                       $  Payables  194,904,344  167,463,440  Long term loans  15,344,144  18,319,126  Lease liability  56,547,986  3,481,294  Total financial liabilities  266,796,474  189,263,860   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Financial risk factors

The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  determination  of  the  company's  risk management objectives  and  policies  and,  whilst  retaining  ultimate  responsibility  for them, it has delegated the authority for designing operating processes that ensure the effective  implementation  of  the  objectives  and  policies  to  the  company's  finance function.    The  Board  receives  monthly  reports  from  the  Financial  Controller  through which it reviews the effectiveness of the processes put in place and the appropriateness of the objectives and policies it sets.

The overall objective of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce risk as far as possible  without  unduly  affecting  the  company's  competitiveness  and  flexibility. Further details regarding these policies are set out below:

## (i) Market risk

Market  risk  arises  from  the  company's  use  of  interest  bearing,  tradable  and foreign currency financial instruments. It is the risk that the fair value or future cash  flows  of  a  financial  instrument  will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in interest  rates  (interest  rate  risk),  foreign  exchange  rates  (currency  risk)  or other market factors (other price risk).

## Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign exchange rates.

Currency  risk  arises  from  transactions  for  sales,  purchases  and  US  Dollar denominated investments. The company manages this risk by ensuring that the net exposure in foreign assets and liabilities is kept to an acceptable level by monitoring  currency  positions.    The  company  further  manages  this  risk  by maximising foreign currency earnings.

Page 25

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

- (c) Financial risk factors (cont'd)
- (i) Market risk (cont'd)

## Concentration of currency risk

The company's exposure to foreign currency risk was as follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Cash and bank balances  10,308,450  15,190,044  Short term investments  180,191,179  190,524,060  Investments  50,511,708  47,663,199  Receivables  22,727,272  7,272,341  Payables  (   5,086,343)  (   3,126,707)  258,652,266  257,522,937   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency sensitivity

The  following  table  indicates  the  sensitivity  of  profit  before  taxation  to changes  in  foreign  exchange  rates.    The  change  in  currency  rate  below represents management's  assessment of the possible change in foreign exchange  rates. The  sensitivity analysis represents outstanding foreign currency  denominated  cash  and  bank  balance,  short  term  and  long  term investments, accounts receivable balances and accounts payable balances, and adjusts their translation at the year-end for 4% (2021 - 8%) depreciation and a 1% (2021 - 2%) appreciation of the Jamaican dollar against the US dollar.  The changes below would have no impact on other components of equity.

| Effect on  Effect on  Profit before  Profit before  % Change in            Tax          % Change in            Tax  Currency Rate   30 September   Currency Rate 30 September  2022                2022               2021                2021  $  $  Currency:  USD  -4  10,346,091  -8  20,601,835  USD  +1  (  2,586,523)  +2  (  5,150,459)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Price risk

Price risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result  of  changes  in  market  prices,  whether  those  changes  are  caused  by factors specific to the individual instrument or its issuer or factors affecting all instruments  traded  in  the  market.    The  company  is  exposed  to  the  equity securities  price  risk  arising  from  its  holding  in  financial  assets  at  fair  value through profit or loss. A 6% (2021 - 5%) increase in the price of equity stocks will  result  in  a  $961,947  (2021  -  $877,836)  increase  and  a  6%  (2021  -  5%) decrease  in  the  price  of  equity  stocks  will  result  in  a  $961,947  (2021  $877,836) decrease in net results or stockholders equity.

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (c) Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (i) Market risk (cont'd)

## Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  value  of  a  financial  instrument  will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates.

Floating rate instruments expose the company to cash flow interest rate risk, whereas fixed rate instruments expose the company to fair value interest rate risk.

Short  term  investments,  fixed  deposits  and  borrowings  are  the  only  interest bearing assets and liabilities respectively, within the company.  The company's short  term  investments  and  fixed  deposits  are  due  to  mature  and  re-price respectively,  within  three  months  to  one  year  of  the  reporting  date  and  the company's borrowings are fixed for a period and then revised.

## Interest rate sensitivity

There is no significant exposure to interest rate risk on short term deposits, as these deposits have a short term to maturity and are constantly reinvested at current market rates.

There  is  no  significant  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  on  borrowings.    A  2% increase/0.5% decrease (2021 - 3% increase/0.5% decrease) in interest rates on Jamaican  dollar  borrowings  would  result  in  a  $306,883  decrease  $76,721 increase (2021 - $549,574 decrease/$91,596 increase) in profit before tax for the company.

## (ii) Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  that  one  party  to  a  financial  instrument  will  fail  to discharge  an  obligation  and  cause  the  other  party  to  incur  a  financial  loss. Credit risk arises from trade receivables, short term investments, and cash and bank balances.

## Cash and bank balances

Cash transactions are limited to high credit quality financial institutions.  The company  has  policies  that  limit  the  amount  of  credit  exposure  to  any  one financial institution.

Page 27

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (c) Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (ii) Credit risk (cont'd)

## Maximum exposure to credit risk

The maximum exposure to credit risk is equal to the carrying amount of trade and  other  receivables  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents  in  the  statement  of financial position.

## Trade receivables expected credit losses

The impairment requirements of IFRS 9 are based on the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model.  The guiding principle of the ECL model is to reflect the general pattern  of  deterioration  or  improvement  in  the  credit  quality  of  financial instruments.

For  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  that  do  not  have  a  financing component,  it  is  a  requirement  of  IFRS  9  to  recognize  a  lifetime  expected credit  loss.    This  was  achieved  in  the  current  year  by  the  development  and application  of  historical  data  relating  to  trade  receivables  and  write-offs,  as well as forecasting payment probabilities based on historical payment pattern.

The company estimates expected credit losses (ECL) on trade receivables using a provision matrix based on historical credit loss experience. Based on the incurred  loss  analyses  over  delinquent  accounts,  the  credit  history,  risk profile of each customer and aging of receivables, customers were placed in aging buckets and a default risk percentage calculated for each bucket of customers.    The  following  table  provides  information  about  the  ECLs  for trade receivables.

## Trade receivables impairment provision

## 30 September 2022

| Gross                   Default                     Lifetime  Aging  Carrying Amount  Rate  ECL Allowance  $  %  $  0 -30 days  97,625,404  0.88  859,435  31 - 60 days  11,678,692  0.68  79,836  61 - 90 days  2,728,754  2.09  57,043  Over 91 days  (        20,896)  100  (  20,896)  112,011,954  975,418   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 28

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (c) Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (ii) Credit risk (cont'd)

Trade receivables impairment provision (cont'd)

## 30 September 2021

| Gross                   Default                     Lifetime  Aging  Carrying Amount  Rate  ECL Allowance  $  %  $  0 -30 days  62,236,714  1.76  1,095,863  31 - 60 days  1,144,536  8.33  95,411  61 - 90 days  709,122  18.68  132,462  Over 91 days  7,189,523                      100  7,189,523  71,279,895  8,513,259   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in the provision for expected credit losses are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $  $  At 1 October  8,513,259  16,786,072  Provision for expected credit losses  (7,537,841)  ( 8,272,813)  At 30 September  975,418  8,513,259   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  creation  and  release  of  provision  for  expected  credit  losses  have  been included  in  expenses  in  profit  or  loss.  Amounts  charged  to  the  provision account are generally written off when there is no expectation of recovering additional cash.

## (iii) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the company will be unable to meet its payment obligations associated with its financial liabilities when they fall due.  Prudent liquidity risk  management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities,  and  the  availability  of  funding  through  an  adequate  amount  of committed credit facilities.

Page 29

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (c) Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (iii) Liquidity risk (cont'd)

Liquidity risk management process

The  company's  liquidity  risk  management  process,  as  carried  out  within  the company and monitored by the Finance Department, includes:

- (i) Monitoring future cash flows and liquidity on a daily basis.
- (ii) Maintaining a portfolio of short term deposit balances that can easily be liquidated as protection against any unforeseen interruption to cash flow.
- (iii) Maintaining committed lines of credit.
- (iv) Optimising cash returns on investments.

## Cash flows of financial liabilities

The maturity profile of the company's financial liabilities, based on contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

Payables                                    194,904,344

Long term loans                             3,933,757

Lease liability

Total financial liabilities

(contractual maturity dates)

Payables                                    167,463,440

Long term loans                             3,933,757

Lease liability

Total financial liabilities

(contractual maturity dates)

| Within 1            2 to 5         Over 5  Year  Years  Years           Total  $                     $                 $                 $  -  -  194,904,344  13,440,338  -           17,374,095  18,543,662  49,934,437  -  68,478,099  217,381,763  63,374,775  -  280,756,538  Within 1            2 to 5         Over 5  Year  Years  Years           Total  $                     $                 $                 $  -  -  167,463,440  15,735,030  1,639,066       21,307,853  2,935,873  733,968  -               3,669,841  174,333,070  16,468,998  1,639,066  192,441,134   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 30

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 5. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D):

## (d) Capital management

The  company's  objectives  when  managing  capital  are  to  safeguard  the  company's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for stockholders and benefits for other stakeholders.  The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital, which  the  company  defines  as  net  operating  income,  excluding  non-recurring  items, divided by total stockholders' equity.  The Board of Directors also monitors the level of dividends to stockholders.

There are no particular  strategies  to  determine  the  optimal  capital  structure.  There are  also  no  external  capital  maintenance  requirements  to  which  the  company  is subject.

The Directors regularly review the financial position of the company at meetings and monitor the return on capital and the level of dividends to the ordinary shareholders. They seek to maintain a  balance between the higher returns  that  might  be  possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position.

The company monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as  net  debt  divided  by  total  capital.  Debt  is  the  total  of  long-term  loans  and  bank overdraft less related party loans, if any. Total capital is calculated as equity as shown in the company's statement of financial position plus debt. The gearing ratios at the year-end based on these calculations were as follows:

| 2022               2021  $  $  Debt: long-term loans  71,892,130  21,800,420  Equity  1,159,312,849  1,028,873,046  Total capital  1,231,204,979  1,050,673,466  Gearing ratio  5.84%                2.07%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. REVENUE:

Revenue represents the price of goods sold and transferred to customers at a point in time, after discounts and allowances.

Page 31

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 7. OTHER OPERATING INCOME:

Foreign exchange gains

Dividend received

| 2022  2021  $  $  1,866,705  2,838,427  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  1,008,038  672,257  931,583  2,538,962  4,778,048   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. EXPENSES BY NATURE:

Total administrative, selling and other expenses:

Directors' emoluments

-    Fees

Repairs and maintenance

| 2022  2021  $  $  COST OF SALES  Depreciation  22,318,377  20,760,747  Other costs of operating revenue  32,376,934  26,270,805  Raw materials and consumables  1,383,607,526  871,252,293  Staff costs (note 9)  239,016,782  147,811,669  Utilities  100,189,828  57,112,469  1,777,509,447  1,123,207,983  ADMINISTRATIVE  Staff costs (note 9)  223,709,552  181,735,021  4,496,250  4,723,563  -    Management remuneration (note 9)  30,418,652  25,682,785  Auditors' remuneration - current year  3,022,500  2,407,300  - prior year  1,343,000  -  44,461,532  30,808,709  Depreciation  61,610,491  49,958,606  Amortisation - right-of-use assets  7,442,775  2,577,728  Amortisation  1,142,211  799,815  Security  8,730,957  5,342,859  Utilities  18,608,646  11,757,327  General insurance  10,522,856  8,968,480  Public company expenses  5,561,370  3,414,537  Payroll services  15,879,535  9,910,928  Rates and taxes  11,273,799  8,243,882  Bank charges  10,986,397  6,559,281  Other administrative expenses  71,818,523  49,163,367  531,029,046  402,054,188  SELLING AND DISTRIBUTION  Advertising and promotion  40,792,281  40,820,639  Property rental  12,346,156  8,756,185  Other distribution costs  170,428,432  137,133,321  Staff costs (note 9)  169,130,780  144,028,857  Other expenses  15,358,153  17,328,200  408,055,802  348,067,202  Total administrative and selling and distribution  939,084,848  750,121,390   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 8. EXPENSES BY NATURE (CONT'D):

Included in other operating expenses are expense categories amounting to less than $5 million.

9.

| 2022  2021  $  $  Impairment losses on financial assets  Trade receivables  (7,537,841)  (8,272,813)  STAFF COSTS:  2022                2021  $  $  Salaries wages  545,930,011  406,624,739  Employer's statutory contributions  65,164,165  46,884,222  Other staff costs  51,181,590  45,749,371  662,275,766  499,258,332  Included in profit or loss as follows:  2022               2021  $  $  Direct labour (note 8)  239,016,782  147,811,669  Administrative - management (note 8)  30,418,652  25,682,785  Administrative - staff (note 8)  223,709,552  181,735,021  Selling and distribution (note 8)  169,130,780  144,028,857  662,275,766  499,258,332   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average number of persons employed by the company during the year was two hundred and thirty-five (235), (2021 - two hundred and nineteen (219)).

## 10. FINANCE COSTS:

| 2022               2021  $  $  Loan interest  857,969  1,121,829  Lease interest  2,374,927  390,161  Other  24,539  51,420  3,257,435  1,563,410   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 33

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 11. TAXATION EXPENSE:

- (a) Taxation is computed on the profit for the year, adjusted for tax purposes, and comprises income tax at 25%.

Remission of income tax

Deferred taxation (note 22)

| 2022               2021  $  $  Current taxation                                                     45,067,826  72,434,776  -  (24,559,902)  5,887,367  23,632,569  Taxation charge in income statement  50,955,193  71,507,443   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (b) The tax on the profit before taxation differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the applicable tax rate as follows:

Profit before taxation

Taxation calculated at 25%

Adjusted for the effects of:

Net effect of other charges and allowances

Current tax

Taxation charge in income statement

| 2022               2021  $  $  254,441,374  290,198,790  63,610,344  72,549,698  Depreciation and capital allowances  8,278,136  (       996,386)  (  20,933,287)        24,514,033  Taxation charge in income statement  50,955,193  96,067,345  Adjustment for the effect of tax remission:  -  (  24,559,902)  50,955,193  71,507,443   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (c) Remission of income tax:

The company's shares were listed on the Jamaica Stock Exchange Junior Market, effective 3  June  2011.  Consequently, the company is entitled to a remission of taxes for ten (10) years in the proportions set out below, provided the shares remain listed for at least 15 years.

Years 1 to 5

100% (1 June 2011 - 31 May 2016)

Years 6 to 10 50%   (1 June 2016 - 31 May 2021)

The financial statements have been prepared on the basis that the company will retain the full benefit of the utilized tax remissions.

Page 34

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 12. EARNINGS PER SHARE:

Earnings per stock unit is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to stockholders by the number of ordinary stock units in issue at year-end.

| 2022  2021 $  $  Earnings per share  0.43  0.46   |
|---------------------------------------------------|

Earnings  per  share  is  computed  by  dividing  the  profit  for  the  year  by  471,266,950  (2021: 471,266,950) the number of shares in issue during the year.

<!-- image -->

Page 35

Page 36

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:

| Land &amp;         Plant &amp;        Bakery            Motor           Furniture           Computers  Buildings      Machinery      Fixtures         Vehicles         &amp; Fixtures        &amp; Accessories             Total  $                 $                      $                  $  $                         $                         $  At cost or valuation:  30 September 2020  354,093,122  299,680,122  93,474,233  141,449,966  20,604,025  31,171,579  940,473,047  Additions  11,854,370  15,576,494  30,683,839  33,807,435  3,300,442  6,215,841  101,438,421  -  -  -  (  16,441,997)  -  -  (    16,441,997)  30 September 2021  365,947,492  315,256,616    124,158,072  158,815,404  23,904,467  37,387,420  1,025,469,471  Additions  5,911,722  74,841,820  33,528,535  42,944,747  4,235,862  4,303,596  Adjustments  -             (   2,665,307)  2,665,307  -  -  -  -  30 September 2022  371,859,214  387,433,129    160,351,914  201,760,151  28,140,329  41,691,016  1,191,235,753  Depreciation:  30 September 2020  51,822,135  157,353,058  59,562,416  88,462,017  9,121,262  20,703,754  387,024,642  Charge for the year  7,099,031  20,760,747  13,774,855  23,409,671  1,802,380  3,872,669  70,719,353  -  -  -  (  16,145,685)  -  -  (    16,145,685)  30 September 2021  58,921,166  178,113,805  73,337,271  95,726,003  10,923,642  24,576,423  441,598,310  7,568,662  22,318,377  19,817,677  27,312,223  2,335,254  4,576,675  83,928,868  30 September 2022  66,489,828  200,432,182  93,154,948  123,038,226  13,258,896  29,153,098  525,527,178  Net Book Value:  30 September 2022  305,369,386  187,000,947  67,196,966  78,721,925  14,881,433  12,537,918  665,708,575  30 September 2021  307,026,326  137,142,811  50,820,801  63,089,401  12,980,825  12,810,997  583,871,161   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disposal

165,766,282

Disposal

Charge for the year

During the year ended 30 September 2010, the freehold land and buildings were revalued by the Directors at market value. The plant and  machinery  were  revalued  as  at  12  April  2010  by  Delano  Reid  &amp;  Associates  Limited,  Appraisers,  Engineers  and  Management Consultants  at  fair  Market  Value  Installed.  The  company's  plant  and  machinery  acquired  from  a  company  in  liquidation  at  fire  sale values was revalued as noted. The surplus arising on the revaluation of the building and plant and machinery during 2010, were credited to capital reserves (see note 21).

Page 37

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 14. INVESTMENTS:

| 2022  2021  Amortised                                        Amortised  FVTPL         Cost           Total       FVTPL             Cost                 Total  $                $                 $  $                     $                      $  Mayberry Investments Limited (US$)  (           164) (           164)             -  868,262  868,262  Victoria Mutual Buildings Society (US$ (i))  48,326,568  48,326,568  -  45,640,471  45,640,471  Victoria Mutual Buildings Society (US$(i))  2,152,194  2,152,194  -  1,045,584  1,045,584  Digicel Group 7.125% 2022 Bond (US$)  33,110  33,110  108,882  108,882  Jamaica Money Market Brokers  418,228  418,228  -  382,553  382,553  Jamaica Money Market Brokers -  income and growth fund  31,385,485  -  31,385,485  30,000,000  -  30,000,000  31,385,485  50,929,936    82,315,421      30,000,000  48,045,752  78,045,752  Quoted shares -  General Accident Insurance Company  Jamaica Limited  453,176  -  453,176  486,184                -  486,184  Pan Jam Investment Limited                        3,064,945  -  3,064,945  3,292,302                -  3,292,302  NCB Financial Group Limited                        2,358,174  -  2,358,174  3,345,360                -  3,345,360  Caribbean Cement Company Limited  880,476  -  880,476  1,565,211                -  1,565,211  JMMB Group Limited  788,823  -  788,823  745,724                -  745,724  Wisynco Group Limited  3,131,627  -  3,131,627  2,824,534                -  2,824,534  Seprod Limited  3,698,498  -  3,698,498  3,367,560                -  3,367,560  Kingston Properties Limited  1,656,726  -  1,656,726  1,929,838  -  1,929,838  16,032,445  -  16,032,445  17,556,713  -  17,556,713  47,417,930     50,929,936  98,347,866  47,556,713  48,045,752  95,602,465  Allowance for impairment loss (iii)  -  -  -  -  -  -  ## 47,417,930     50,929,936  98,347,866 47,556,713 48,045,752 95,602,465   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 14. INVESTMENTS (CONT'D):

- (i) The  Victoria  Mutual  Building  Society  US$  investments  are  held  as  collateral  against loans  from  the  same  financial  institution  that  were  used  to  acquire  a  real  estate property to expand the operations of the company (note 13).
- (ii) The  Jamaica Money Market Brokers Income and Growth Fund was incorrectly shown as carried at amortised cost in the prior year.
- (iii) Movement in allowance for impairment losses for investments is as follows:

| 2022             2021  $  $  Balance at beginning of year  -  893,546  Impairment loss reversed (note 14)  -  (893,546)  Balance at end of year  -  -  ## 15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS :  2022  2021  $  $  Cost:  1 October  25,222,485  20,845,325  Additions  3,301,857  4,377,160  30 September  28,524,342  25,222,485  Amortisation:  1 October  19,896,606  19,096,791  Charge for the year  1,142,211  799,815  30 September  21,038,817  19,896,606  Carrying value at 30 September  7,485,525  5,325,879  ## 16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS:  2022  2021  $  $  (a)  Right-of-use assets:  1 October  3,222,160  5,799,889  Additions  60,314,588                   -  Amortisation  (  7,442,775)  (2,577,729)  30 September  56,093,973  3,222,160   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 38

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONT'D):

| ## (b) Lease liability:  2022  2021  $  $  1 October  3,481,294  6,027,005  Additions  60,314,588  -  Interest expense  2,374,927  390,161  Lease payments  (  9,622,823)  (2,935,872)  30 September  56,547,986  3,481,294  Less: current portion  (13,804,039)  (2,757,004)  42,743,947  724,290  ## 17. INVENTORIES:  2022  2021  $  $  Raw materials  158,638,993  112,082,822  Finished goods  4,178,280  1,718,289  162,817,273  113,801,111  Machinery spare parts  16,528,795  7,597,968  179,346,068  121,399,079  ## 18. RECEIVABLES:  2022  2021  $  $  Trade receivables                                                                112,011,954  71,279,895  Provision for expected credit losses  (      975,418)    (   8,513,259)  Net trade receivables  111,036,536  62,766,636  Prepayments  2,380,527  2,998,660  Other receivables  52,934,573  41,988,087  166,351,636  107,753,383  Included  in  trade  receivables  is  $118,970  (2021:  $124,751)  due  from  a  related  party  in  the ordinary course of business (see note 26).   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Page 39

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 19. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS:

Cash in hand

Bank balances

Short term deposits

| 2022               2021  $                     $  Cash and bank balances -  492,663  478,500  96,881,849  145,515,058  97,374,512  145,993,558  249,541,632  258,256,906  346,916,144  404,250,464   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation  of  movements  in  cash  flows  from  investing  activities.  Amounts  represent investments at fair value through profit or loss and amortised cost.

1 October

## 20. SHARE CAPITAL:

of no par value

## 21. CAPITAL RESERVE :

| 2022                2021  $                      $  95,602,465  61,326,234  Increase/(disposal) of investment  -  29,330,678  Fair value movements  (     138,783)  872,524  Foreign exchange gain  2,848,509  4,073,029  Interest  35,675  -  98,347,866  95,602,465  2022  2021  $  $  Authorised -  487,500,000 ordinary shares of no par value  Stated capital -  Issued and fully paid -  471,266,950 ordinary shares  46,514,770  46,514,770  2022               2021  $                     $  Revaluation surplus:  Property, plant and equipment - 2009  33,000  33,000  Property, plant and equipment - 2010  50,109,435  50,109,435  Property, plant and equipment - 2010  21,615,949  21,615,949  Deferred tax on revaluation at 25%  (17,939,596)  (17,939,596)  53,818,788  53,818,788   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Capital reserve  comprises  revaluation surplus on  certain  property,  plant  and equipment (see note 13).

Page 40

## 22. DEFERRED TAXES:

Deferred taxes are calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using a principal tax rate of 25%.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities.  The amounts determined after appropriate offsetting are as follows:

| 2022  2021  $                         $  Deferred tax liability  (56,561,842)  (50,674,475)  The movement in deferred tax is as follows:  2022  2021  $  $  Balance at start of year  (50,674,475)  (27,041,906)  Charge to profit or loss (note 11)  (  5,887,367)  (23,632,569)  Balance at end of year  (56,561,842)  (50,674,475)  Deferred tax is due to the following temporary differences:  2022  2021  $  $  Accelerated capital allowances  (58,152,913)  (51,211,493)  Interest receivables  (     534,005)  (     172,589)  Accrued vacation leave  1,086,014  -  Unrealised foreign exchange gain  1,039,062  709,607  (56,561,842)  (50,674,475)  ## 23. LONG TERM LOANS:  2022  2021  $  $  Victoria Mutual Building Society (VMBS)                                 15,344,144  18,319,126  Less: current portion  (  3,147,491)  (  2,974,982)  12,196,653  15,344,144   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This loan is repayable in monthly instalments by February 2027 with fixed interest rate of 5.65% per annum. The primary collateral is a US$ investment being held with VMBS (note 14).

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

Page 41

## 24. PAYABLES:

| 2022  2021  $  $  Trade payables  173,854,921  150,609,334  Accrued staff vacation pay  12,217,772  7,873,714  Other payables  38,469,367  36,457,291  Distributors deposits  831,903  832,022  225,373,963  195,772,361  ## 25. DIVIDENDS:  2022                 2021  $  $  Declared and paid:  First interim @ 0.127 (2021: 0.09) per share  59,850,903  42,414,026  Final @ 0.028 (2021: 0.036 per share  13,195,475  16,965,610  Total dividends to shareholders  73,046,378  59,379,636   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By Board of Directors meeting dated 5 January 2022, dividend payment of $0.127 per share was approved by the Board.

By Board of Directors meeting dated 13 June 2022, dividend payment of $0.028 per share was approved by the Board of Directors.

## 26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES:

The statements of financial position and profit or loss and other comprehensive income include balances  and  transactions  arising  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  during  the  year,  with related parties as follows:

Honey Bun Foundation

| 2022  2021  $  $  Transactions during the year  Purchase of goods -  Next Incorporation Limited  2,376,570  1,774,968  Donations -  -  4,000,000  Year end balances  With related company -  Due from -  Next Incorporation Limited  (included in trade receivables)  534,137  263,441   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

Page 42

<!-- image -->

## HONEY BUN (1982) LIMITED

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 SEPTEMBER 2022

## 26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONT'D):

- (note 9)

Senior managers) -

| 2022  2021  $  $  Key management compensation  Key management compensation (included in staff cost  Key Management includes directors, (executive and  Salaries and other short-term employee benefits  55,773,044  55,060,801  Directors' emoluments:  Fees  4,496,250  4,723,563  Management remuneration (included above)  30,418,652  25,682,785   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 . IMPACT OF COVID-19:

The World Health Organization declared the novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak a pandemic on 11 March 2021. The pandemic and the measures to control its human impact have resulted in disruptions to economic activities, business operations and asset prices. This could have a negative  financial  effect  on  the  company,  depending  on  factors  such  as  the  duration  and spread of the outbreak, the effects on the economy overall and the effects on the financial markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be estimated reliably.

The company has performed various assessments and stress testing of its business plans under different  scenarios,  as  part  of  its  business  continuity  and  contingency  planning.  However,  at the  date  of  approval  of  these  financial  statements,  the  company  has  determined  that  the situation will remain fluid for the foreseeable future, and as such, is unable to determine a reliable  estimate  of  the  financial  impact  on  the  overall  business  operations.  Whilst  world events  such  as  Covid-19  and  the    war  in  Ukraine  has  negatively  impacted  on  the  company's supply  chain  of  raw  materials,  management has  endeavoured to  reduce the impact on gross profit and the public at large.  The company's revenue generation performance has improved year over year and  management anticipates this trend to continue.

Page 43

<!-- image -->

## Form of Proxy

<!-- image -->

I/We\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(insert  name) Of\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(address)

Being a Shareholder(s) of the above-named Company, hereby appoint:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(proxy name) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(address)

Or failing him\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(alternate proxy name)

Of\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_(address)

as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held at 10am on the 8th day of March, 2023, at Courtleigh Hotel &amp; Suites, Somerset Suite, 85 Knutsford Boulevard, Kingston 5 and at any adjournment thereof.  I desire this form to be used for/against the resolutions as follows (unless directed the proxy will vote as he sees fit):

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

RESOLUTION DETAILS

To receive and approve the Directors' Report, The Auditors' Report and the Audited

Accounts for the year ended September 30, 2022.

To re-appoint Herbert Chong and Michelle Chong, as directors of the Company, who have retired and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

To authorize the Board to fix the remuneration of Directors.

To authorize the Board of Directors to appoint the auditors.

To Authorize the Board of Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors of the Company.

To ratify a dividend of $0.127 per share paid on January 5, 2022, to shareholders on record as at December 8, 2021.

To ratify a dividend of $0.028 per share paid on June 13, 2022, to shareholders on record as at May 31, 2022.

Unless otherwise directed the proxy will vote as he thinks fit. NOTES:

1. When completed, this form must be received by the Registrar of the Company at the address given below, not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time for holding the meeting.
2. The Proxy Form should bear stamp duty of $100.00 which may be adhesive and duly cancelled by the person signing the proxy form.
3. If the appointer is a Corporation, this Form of Proxy must be executed under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorized in writing.

## Send to:

The Registrar and Transfer Agent Jamaica Central Securities Depository 40 Harbour Street Kingston Jamaica, W.I.

Vote / Tick As Appropriate

FOR                AGAINST

## JSE BEST PRACTICES AWARDS 2021

- Winner Governor General AwardlJunior Market Overall Winner
- Winner- JSEIPSOJ Corporate Governance
- Winner - Corporate Disclosure &amp; Investor Relations

Second Runner Up

Best

Company

Performing

- Second Runner Up Annual Report

BES

)S