<!-- image -->

## MAINTAIN STABILITY MAXIMISE OPPORTUNITIES

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## TRUSTEE-MANAGER

Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited (incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability)

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Chairman and Non-executive Director

Mr. FOK Kin Ning, Canning, BA, DFM, FCA (ANZ)

## Executive Director

Mr. IP Sing Chi, BA

## Non-executive Directors

Ms. Edith SHIH, BSE, MA, MA, EdM, Solicitor, /thinspace FCG (CS, CGP), HKFCG (CS, CGP) (PE) Ms. LEE Tung Wan, Diana, BCom, ACA (ANZ)

## Independent Non-executive Director and Lead Independent Director

Mrs. SNG Sow-Mei (alias POON Sow Mei), BA, PPA(P)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. CHAN Tze Leung, Robert, BSc (Econ), MBA, FHKIOD Dr. FONG Chi Wai, Alex, BSS, MTM, MSGF, DBA, PhD, FCILT, FHKIOD Mr. Graeme Allan JACK, BCom, CA (ANZ), FHKICPA Mr. WONG Kwai Lam, BA, PhD

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Graeme Allan JACK (Chairman) Mr. CHAN Tze Leung, Robert Mrs. SNG Sow-Mei (alias POON Sow Mei)

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE*

Mr. WONG Kwai Lam (Chairman) Ms. Edith SHIH Mrs. SNG Sow-Mei (alias POON Sow Mei)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. CHAN Tze Leung, Robert (Chairman) Mrs. SNG Sow-Mei (alias POON Sow Mei) Ms. LEE Tung Wan, Diana

## SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE*

Ms. Edith SHIH (Chairperson) Dr. FONG Chi Wai, Alex Ms. LEE Tung Wan, Diana

## REGISTERED OFFICE

1 Harbourfront Avenue #14-07, Keppel Bay T ower Singapore 098632 Telephone: (65) 6536 5355 Fax: (65) 6536 1360

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. WONG Yoen Har

## UNIT REGISTRAR AND UNIT TRANSFER OFFICE

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. 1 Harbourfront Avenue #14-07, Keppel Bay T ower Singapore 098632 Telephone: (65) 6536 5355 Fax: (65) 6536 1360

## AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 7 Straits View Level 12, Marina One, East T ower Singapore 018936 Telephone: (65) 6236 3388 Fax: (65) 6236 3300 Partner-in-charge: Mr. SOH Kok Leong Date of appointment: 9 February 2021

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

DBS Bank Ltd Bank of China Ltd Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Ltd

## CORPORATE DIRECTORY

Company Registration No.: 201100749W Website: https://www.hphtrust.com

*  Established on 26 April 2022

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  01  Contents  02  Trust Profile  03  Corporate Structure  04  Portfolio Overview  10  Letter to Unitholders  12  Key Events  14  Corporate Milestones  20  Operational Review  23  Financial Review  26  Board of Directors  31  Senior Management  36  Sustainability Report  95  Investor Relations  96  Corporate Governance Report  127  Financial Contents  195  Statistics of Unitholdings  197  Notice of Annual General Meeting  203  Proxy Form  205  Glossary   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TRUST PROFILE

## HPH TRUST

Hutchison Port Holdings T rust ('HPH T rust' or 'the T rust') is the first publicly traded container port business trust in the world. It was listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange ('SGX') in March 2011, and in early 2012 became the first entity to launch dual-currency trading for its units on the SGX.

The  mandate  of  the  T rust  is  principally  to  invest  in,  develop,  operate  and manage deep-water container ports in Guangdong Province, Hong Kong and Macau in China.

HPH Trust operates Hongkong International Terminals ('HIT'), COSCO-HIT  Terminals  ('COSCO-HIT')  and  Asia  Container  T erminals (' ACT') in Hong  Kong,  and  Y antian International Container Terminals ('YANTIAN')  and  Huizhou  International  Container  T erminals  ('HICT')  in mainland China. HPH Trust operates 38 1 berths across 647 1 hectares of land. In 2022, the Trust delivered a combined  throughput  of  approximately 22.7 million twenty-foot equivalent units ('TEU').

The core port operations of the T rust are complemented by river port facilities and ancillary services, which aim to provide customers with seamless logistics supply  chain  solutions  for  imports  and  exports.  HPH  T rust  holds  economic benefits in two river ports in mainland China ('River Ports Economic Benefits' 2 ): Jiangmen International Container T erminals (' Jiangmen T erminal') and Nanhai International  Container  T erminals  ('Nanhai  T erminal').  Collectively,  they  are known as the 'River Ports'. HPH T rust also operates ancillary services including container depots, trucking, feeder and shipping agencies via Asia Port Services Limited (' APS'); HPH E.Commerce Limited ('Hutchison Logistics'), a provider of  supply  chain  solutions  across  air,  sea  and  land  networks;  and  Shenzhen Hutchison Inland Container Depots Co., Limited ('SHICD'), operator of an inland container depot and warehouse in Shenzhen.

## THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER

The Trust is managed by Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited (the 'T rustee-Manager'), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited ('CKHH'). The T rustee-Manager has dual responsibilities in safeguarding the interests of unitholders and managing  HPH T rust's businesses. The Board of Directors of the T rustee-Manager consists of individuals with a broad range of commercial experience and expertise in the port industry.

1 Excludes East Port Phase I which is under development.

2 The River Ports Economic Benefits represent the economic interest and benefits of the River Ports including all dividends and any other distributions or other monies payable to Hutchison Port Holdings Limited  ('HPH')  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  in  its  capacity  as  a  shareholder  of  the  relevant  holding company of the River Ports arising from the profits attributable to the business of the River Ports, and all sale or disposal proceeds derived from such businesses, assets, rights and/or liabilities constituting any part of the business of the River Ports as agreed with HPH and any of its subsidiaries.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

1 HPH Trust holds River Ports Economic Benefits, but not the shares of the River Ports' holdings companies.

2 Under development which was established pursuant to the joint venture agreement signed with Shenzhen Y antian Port Group Company Limited in June 2021.

## PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW

## HONG KONG

<!-- image -->

## SHENZHEN AND HUIZHOU

To Huizhou

&amp; Dongguan

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN Phases I and II

- Effective interests: 56.4%
- 5 container berths with a combined land area of 130 hectares

## YANTIAN Phase III and Phase III Expansion

- Effective interests: 51.6%
- 11 container berths with a combined land area of 226 hectares

## West Port Phases I and II

- Effective interests: 51.6%
- 4 container berths with a combined land area of 61 hectares
- East Port Phase I (under development)
- Effective interests: 39.7%
- Proposed to be 3 container berths with a combined land area of 120 hectares
- HIT
- 12 container berths across T erminals 4, 6, 7 and 9 North with a combined land area of 111 hectares
- 100% ownership

## COSCO-HIT

- 2  container  berths  at  T erminal  8 East with a combined land area of 30 hectares
- 50/50  joint  venture  with  COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited ('COSCO SHIPPING Ports')

## ACT

- 2  container  berths  at  T erminal  8 West with a combined land area of 29 hectares
- Strategic partnership between HPH Trust and COSCO  SHIPPING Ports, with stakes of 40% and 60% respectively

<!-- image -->

## HICT

- Effective interests: 41.3%
- 2 container berths with a combined land area of 60 hectares

HONG KONG

•

HIT

•

COSCO-HIT

•

ACT

SHENZHEN

•

YANTIAN Phases I and II

•

•

•

YANTIAN Phase III and

Phase III Expansion

West Port Phases I and II

East Port Phase I

(under development)

HUIZHOU

•

HICT

NANHAI

JIANGMEN

NANHAI

•

Nanhai T erminal

JIANGMEN

•

Jiangmen T erminal

SHENZHEN

HONG KONG

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

HUIZHOU

## PORTFOLIO OVERVIEW

## HONG KONG

<!-- image -->

## HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT

Strategically located on the south-east coast of China, Hong  Kong  is  regarded  as  the  gateway  to  the  Greater  Bay  Area ('GBA')  and  its  vast  mainland  hinterland.  Its  deep-water  port  and modern, well-equipped  facilities  -  augmented  by  a  free,  open  and multilateral trading system - allow Hong Kong to remain one of the busiest container terminals in the world and a major transshipment hub in the region.

On  8  January  2019,  Hongkong  International  T erminals  Limited, COSCO-HIT  Terminals  (Hong  Kong)  Limited,  Asia  Container Terminals Limited and Modern T erminals Limited established the Hong Kong Seaport Alliance ('HKSPA'), through which they collaborate to ensure  the  efficient  management  and  operation  of  the  23  berths  in Kwai T sing T erminals.

<!-- image -->

Figures as at 31 December 2022

1 Represents the allocated throughput from HKSPA.

## SHENZHEN 0  AND HUIZHOU

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN

YANTIAN is one of the busiest  container  terminals  in  China.  South China has developed into a prosperous and dynamic economy, which boosts the position of the port as the premier gateway for foreign trade.

As  the  sole  terminal  operator  in  eastern  Shenzhen,  YANTIAN  is regularly  visited  by  mega-vessels.  Its  natural  deep-water  berths  and excellent mega-vessel handling capabilities secure its reputation as a key trading hub.

## HICT

The  port  of  Huizhou  is  a  natural  coastal  port  in  Guangdong.  It  is located  near  the  manufacturing  hinterland  in  eastern  Guangdong, immediately east of Hong Kong and Shenzhen, and the T rust aims to develop it as a key player in the GBA shipping hub.

Situated in the Quanwan Port Zone of the Daya Bay Economic and Technological  Development  Zone,  HICT  is  one  of  the  dedicated container terminals in Huizhou.

<!-- image -->

Figures as at 31 December 2022

1 Excludes East Port Phase I which is under development.

Amid  geopolitical  tensions,  inflationary  pressures  and  the  lingering pandemic,  HPH  Trust  remains  agile  and  flexible  to  the  changing operating  environment  to  stay  competitive.  A  solid  foundation  built upon innovation, a reliable workforce and a seamless operating protocol are core to the Trust's resilience in the ever-changing global landscape. The  Trust  will  continue  to  focus  on  capturing  new  demand  to  further expand its logistics services and seize opportunities in new markets.

## AND FLEXIBLE TO CHANGE STAYING AGILE

## LETTER TO UNITHOLDERS

As a committed, reliable and robust operator of the world's key terminals, HPH Trust endeavours to ensure stability and continuity for stakeholders. It continues to maximise its opportunities, enhance connectivity, digitalise port operations, and build port and staff capacity. With its sights set firmly on  the  horizon,  the  T rust  has  also  continued  to  invest  and  implement technology and equipment upgrades.

The past year was another challenging period for  the  port  and  shipping  sector.  Industry players  contended  with  multiple  challenges in  2022,  from  erratic  shipping  schedules  to far-reaching  geopolitical  tensions.  The  RussiaUkraine conflict drove up fuel and commodity prices, while global inflation and interest rate  hikes  sapped  consumer  sentiment  and slowed international trade. China's COVID-19 stringent precautionary measures also continued throughout most of the year.

In an ever-changing and increasingly complex  industry  environment,  HPH  T rust ensured  business stability  and  maximised stakeholders' opportunities, demonstrating resilience and adaptability.

## HEADWINDS DENT PROFITABILITY

During  the year under review, the high inflationary environment and inventory level at  destination  countries  led  to  weakened consumer  demand  in  markets  worldwide. This impacted export volume at YANTIAN, a  major  export  hub  for  the  United  States and  European  markets.  Cargo  volume  in Kwai T sing T erminals also fell due to reduced cross-border  road  traffic  as  a  result  of  the stringent pandemic control measures in place after Hong Kong was hit by the fifth wave of COVID-19 in early 2022.

As  a  result,  HPH  T rust's  ports  experienced a 7% fall in throughput, recording 22.7 million  twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs). Outbound cargoes from YANTIAN to the  United  States  and  Europe  decreased by  12%  and  13%  respectively.  Meanwhile, average  revenue  per  TEU  for  Kwai  T sing Terminals was slightly above 2021 level; however, YANTIAN's revenue per TEU slid below the 2021 level after the unusually high storage income of 2021 had stabilised and the Renminbi depreciation. HPH T rust's revenue dropped 8% from 2021 to HK$12,166.2 million.

HPH  Trust  reported  a  net  profit  after  tax ('NPAT') of HK$2,519.7 million - a drop of 29% compared to HK$3,527.2 million in 2021.

NPAT attributable to unitholders fell by 37% to  HK$1,099.0  million.  Distribution  per  unit ('DPU') to unitholders was 14.5 HK cents in 2022.

## MAINTAINING STABILITY

Despite these headwinds, HPH T rust strove to  maintain  a  stable  supply  of  goods  to communities,  and  to  ensure  smooth  and reliable operations at its ports.

Hong  Kong's  fifth  wave  of  COVID-19 in  February  halted  cross-border  trucking between  the  city  and  Shenzhen,  affecting a  wide  range  of  daily  supplies.  HPH  T rust proactively  responded  by  providing  an alternative  route  for  cross-border  logistics via  water  transport  -  the  Y antian-Hong Kong shuttle service, a collaboration between Kwai Tsing Terminals and YANTIAN. The service ensured a reliable supply  of  fresh  vegetables,  meat,  daily necessities and anti-epidemic supplies from Mainland China to Hong Kong.

The operation of supply chains is not sustainable  without  stable  port  operations. HPH Trust is committed to maintaining 24/7 operations  while  keeping  the  pandemic  at bay. For instance, when Kwai T sing T erminals faced a temporary manpower shortage following  some  staff  infections  in  February, Kwai  T sing  T erminals swiftly set up  crisis management  teams  to  oversee  manpower planning and contingency arrangements. This key, responsive decision-making allowed Kwai  T sing  T erminals  to  quickly  return  to normal operating capacity by March.

Similarly, at YANTIAN, the COVID-19 Prevention and Control Committee actively activated pandemic response plans and provided staff with COVID-19 response work plans.  The  committee  also  organised  safe, closed-loop  accommodation  for  personnel working onboard vessels. Innovative technology  and  artificial  intelligence  (' AI') helped reinforce effective COVID-19 prevention strategies.

## MAXIMISING OPPORTUNITIES

As  a  key  port  player  globally  and  in  the Greater Bay Area ('GBA'), HPH  Trust works  to  maximise  opportunities  through collaborative initiatives, connectivity enhancement,  digitalisation,  and  increased port capacity.

Kwai Tsing Terminals continued to maintain its edge as a major transshipment hub. Being a member of the Hong Kong Seaport  Alliance  ('HKSPA'),  Kwai  T sing Terminals  provided  high-quality  facilities such as Remote Reefer Monitoring System and more than 4,700 reefer points. As yard density gradually returned to normal, Kwai Tsing Terminals attracted new businesses by helping shipping lines  adapt  their  vessels  to  service  route changes and optimising empty container management.

Against a backdrop of fast-changing trade patterns and the ongoing pandemic, YANTIAN promoted innovative railsea  intermodal  services  to  complement conventional road-sea transportation. In 2022, YANTIAN  further expanded its inland port portfolio to 11 ports, adding  Longchuan,  Nanchang,  Yueyang, Jiangmen  and  Chenzhou.  These  inland ports  were  integrated  with  the  national railway network to provide customers with efficient  and  environmentally  sustainable logistics solutions. YANTIAN also continued to build port alliances, with Dongguan  joining  as  a  new  member  in 2022.  These  growing  relationships  allow the GBA and inland cities to conveniently access YANTIAN's services. With the increased  capacity  that  East  Port  would deliver  on  top  of  its  comprehensive  cold chain and depot facilities, YANTIAN aims to be a premier all-round national logistics hub in China.

In  2022,  YANTIAN  also  played  a  crucial role  in  building  a  prosperous  cross-border e-commerce industrial  ecosystem  in  South China  by  providing  14  new  e-commerce express  services.  In  July,  YANTIAN  was named the Honorary President Organisation of  the  newly  established  Y antian  District branch of the Shenzhen Cross-Border E-Commerce Association. With the support of  government  and  e-commerce  players, YANTIAN's status as a reliable e-commerce port  helped  consolidate  Shenzhen's  vital role  in  China's  e-commerce  trade  with  the world.

## ENHANCING OPERATIONS

Notwithstanding  macroeconomic  challenges, HPH Trust continued to prioritise operational efficiency  through  facilities  upgrades  and consolidation.  Kwai  T sing  T erminals  merged two remote centres previously located in Kwai Chung and T sing Yi into a consolidated centre at T erminal 8, allowing the existing 34 remote rubber-tyred gantry cranes ('RTGCs') fleet to  operate  at  one  single  office.  Another highlight  of  the  year  is  the  consolidation  of gatehouses of HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT. The  centralised  gatehouse  at  T erminal  6 brings an efficient and direct service to truck drivers.

During the reporting period,  YANTIAN embarked on an ambitious three-year capacity enhancement programme. This covered equipment fleet expansion and berth upgrades to boost terminal competitiveness and increase its  handling  capacity.  The  programme  also included the purchase of 40 remote RTGCs, eight of which were already fully operational. Berths  were  also  upgraded  to  handle  vessels with 200,000 deadweight tonnage - currently the largest vessel type. The terminal's superior capacity  came  to  prominence  in  July  when YANTIAN received six 400-metre container vessels simultaneously - a feat for any port in the world.

## DIGITAL FIRST

HPH  Trust  is  also  determined  to  digitalise daily  operations,  ranging  from  office  work, such as yard and quay planning, to frontline operations like quayside reporting and communications.

HKSPA continues to proactively contribute to the Hong Kong government's plan to develop Hong Kong into a smart port. A highlight in 2022 was the Hong Kong Port's introduction of the Electronic Booking Confirmation Note  ('eBCN')  system.  T ogether  with  the Electronic Release  Order  ('eRO')  system launched in 2021, both inbound and outbound gate process could now be fully paperless.

Kwai  T sing  T erminals  is  a  pioneer  of  5G  in the  Hong Kong container terminal industry. It  has  comprehensive 5G network coverage enabling future application deployment such  as  remote  control  and  video  analytics solutions. In 2022, Kwai Tsing Terminals successfully applied AI in T erminal 6's intrusion detection system. The business also used 5G to build a secure and reliable communication network at Terminal  8's  remote  RTGCs, enhancing security standards and efficiency.

YANTIAN made similar wide-ranging upgrades to its terminal systems to stay ahead of the  curve.  Projects  in  2022  included  application of  5G  technology  in  border-control  kiosks  at terminal quaysides and trials to improve overall 5G network functionality ,  stability  and  resilience in remote RTGC operations. Development of East  Port's  greenfield-automated  terminal  is also fully underway.

Moving forward, HPH Trust plans to apply  5G  technology  to  remote  RTGC communications  more  widely  as  well  as  to CCTVs for quay cranes.

## STRIDES IN SUSTAINABILTIY

Sustainability is an increasingly critical business issue, and HPH T rust is committed to  continuously  improving  its  efforts  in  this regard - the business is on track to meet its 2021 target to reduce 5% of CO2 emissions per TEU by 2026.

HPH Trust has also promoted rail-sea transportation (a greener alternative to road-sea)  and  pursued  the  electrification  of equipment, the use of shore power for vessels at  berth,  and  the  adoption  of  renewable energy. During the year, YANTIAN became the  first  port  in  southern  China  to  provide liquefied natural gas ('LNG') refuelling service to  vessels,  promoting  a  cleaner  alternative bunker fuel. These measures not only improve the  environment  at  our  terminals,  but  also provide  green  solutions  to  our  supply  chain partners. Meanwhile, Kwai T sing T erminals also replaced  conventional  vehicles  with  electric vehicles for its daily port operations.

Pleasingly, HPH Trust's sustainability efforts  have  been  recognised  by  both  third parties  and  the  government.  In  November, YANTIAN  was  proudly honoured as a pioneer of low carbon green port at the UN Climate  Change  Conference  ('COP  27'). YANTIAN  was  also  named  as  the  Best Green Container T erminal at the 2022 Asian Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain Awards - the third time we have received this honour in the past four years.

In  recognition  of  the  human  dimension of business sustainability, HPH  Trust joined Hutchison Ports' global BEWELL campaign in 2022. BEWELL pledges to cultivate a productive and healthy organisational culture, promote a supportive work environment, foster a sense of belonging among employees, and build employee wellness and engagement.

## STRONG FINANCIAL FOOTING

The US Federal Funds Rate hikes since 2022 have  a  wide-ranging  impact  to  economics and businesses worldwide.

HPH  Trust  persists  to  maintain  a  healthy financial  position.  It  embarked  on  a  debt repayment programme by repaying a minimum  of  HK$1  billion annually since 2017. The programme, together with a high portion of fixed rate borrowings of over 70% in  2022,  helped  HPH  T rust  in  weathering the  interest  rate  hikes  challenge  in  2022, improved  HPH  Trust's  gearing  ratio,  and enhanced  its  financial  position  by  lowering total borrowings and finance cost from HK$33.6  billion  and  HK$701.2  million  by end of 2016 to HK$27.1 billion and HK$673.3 million as of 31 December 2022.

## FORGING AHEAD

An  uncertain  outlook  frames  the  business environment in the year ahead as the macroeconomic picture remains challenging. Closer  to  home,  while  the  reopening  of China after years of zero-COVID paves the way for normal passenger and trade activities, it may take time for the country and also the cross-border truck transport, a crucial source of cargo supply for the Port of Hong Kong, to  return  to  a  pre-pandemic  normal.  As  a committed, reliable and robust operator of the world's  key  terminals,  HPH  Trust endeavours to ensure stability and continuity for  stakeholders.  It  continues  to  maximise its opportunities, enhance connectivity, digitalise  port  operations,  and  build  port and staff  capacity.  With  its  sights  set  firmly on the horizon, the T rust has also continued to  invest  and  implement  technology  and equipment  upgrades.  Proof  of  concept  for AI  autonomous  trucks  and  the  increase  of solar  panels  installation  within  our  terminals are  just  some  of  the  many  examples.  HPH Trust  is  more  than  prepared  to  create  and seize opportunities that will follow when trade rebounds.  Future  investments  are  the  best proof of our confidence in the prospects and continuous strength of the T rust's business.

## FOK Kin Ning, Canning Chairman

## KEY EVENTS

## HKSPA FACILITATES CROSS2BOUNDARY TRANSPORTATION DURING COVID20/thinspace

<!-- image -->

During  the  fifth  wave  of  the  pandemic  in  Hong  Kong,  HKSPA collaborated  with  the  Hong  Kong  Special  Administrative  Region ('HKSAR') government and industry associations to facilitate crossboundary transportation by sea to ensure Hong Kong was well stocked with  fresh  vegetables,  meat  and  medical  supplies.  T o  facilitate  the shipment process, a number of measures were implemented, such as arranging  dedicated  barge  berths  and  priority  inspection  processes, and  opening  a  dedicated  'Green  Channel',  to  expedite  the  cargo handling and inspection procedures.

HKSPA's  efforts  during  the  pandemic  played  an  important  role  in contributing to a reliable and efficient global logistics chain, further cementing Hong Kong as an international maritime centre.

## CONSOLIDATION OF REMOTE RTGC OPERATIONS AT HIT AND TERMINAL 2

<!-- image -->

To optimise the synergy in remote rubber-tyred gantry crane ('RTGC')  operations  between  HIT  and  T erminal  8,  Kwai  T sing Terminals  successfully  merged  the  two  remote  operation  centres previously located in Kwai Chung and T sing Yi into one consolidated centre  at  T erminal  8.  With  a  fibre-optics  connection  directly  linking Terminals 8 and 9 North, the 34 remote RTGCs at these terminals have now been integrated into one system, allowing the existing 34 remote RTGCs fleet to operate at one single office. This important milestone enables the terminals to keep pace with technological advancements and recent operating changes at container ports throughout the world.

The  connected  network  also  helps  to  speed  up  fault  handling  and shortens the recovery time after maintenance works with the help of our 24-hour emergency maintenance centre.

## YANTIAN CELEBRATES ESTABLISHING INLAND PORTS AND LAUNCHING ITS CONTAINER RAIL SERVICE

<!-- image -->

YANTIAN commemorated establishing five new inland ports in the Guangdong, Hunan and Jiangxi provinces. These ports introduce new  logistics  solutions  for  exporters  and greener  modes  of  transport  with  seamless network connections to the GBA  and central China. YANTIAN's  inland  ports offers  a  world-class  port  experience  via  its well-developed rail-sea intermodal service.

List of inland ports established in 2022

Guangdong  inland  ports:  Longchuan  and Jiangmen

Hunan inland ports: Yueyang and Chenzhou

Jiangxi inland port: Nanchang

## OFFICIAL INAUGURATION OF THE YANTIAN BRANCH OF SZCBEA

<!-- image -->

The  Y antian  Branch  of  Shenzhen  CrossBorder E-Commerce Association ('SZCBEA') was established in June. YANTIAN was named the 'Honorary President Organisation of SZCBEA Yantian  Branch'  at  the  inauguration  of  the branch,  located  in  YICT  building,  in  July. Lawrence Shum (left), Managing Director of YANTIAN,  received  the  plaque  presented by Wang Xin (right), Executive Chairperson of SZCBEA, at the presentation ceremony.

SZCBEA was established to build a globally renowned international hub for cross-border e-commerce and to also help Chinese brands go global. The branch is committed to  leading  and  promoting the development of the cross-border e-commerce ecosystem.

1 Type C tanks are cryogenic pressure vessels that use conventional pressure vessel codes, with the dominant design criteria being vapour pressure. The pressure for these tanks is above 2,000 millibars, which is widely used by LPG and LNG carriers.

## YANTIAN MARKS ITS FIRST LNG BUNKERING OPERATION IN SOUTH CHINA

<!-- image -->

YANTIAN delivered liquefied natural gas  ('LNG')  bunker  fuel  via  ship-to-ship transfer in its first LNG bunkering operation in South China. Currently, it has the world's largest LNG  bunker vessel fitted with Type C tanks 1 .

The LNG bunkering capability has enhanced the competitiveness of YANTIAN  as  an international shipping hub. It is only the fourth hub  port in the  world  and  the  first  in  South  China to offer this service. LNG  substantially reduces the operating costs of new energy-powered  vessels,  and  the  service is  expected  to  attract  more  such  ships  to the port.

## CORPORATE MILESTONES

## AWARDS

## YANTIAN RECOGNISED AS 'NATIONAL MULTIMODAL SERVICE DEMONSTRATION PROJECT'

In  January,  the  Ministry  of  T ransport  and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly announced that YANTIAN has been recognised as a 'National Multimodal Service Demonstration Project'  for  its  'Y antian  Port's  Asia-PacificPan-Pearl  River  Delta-Europe  International Multimodal Service Project'. YANTIAN is  the  only  port  in  Shenzhen  to  receive  this recognition.

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN RECEIVES AWARD FOR CROSS-BORDER E-COMMERCE

In  June,  YANTIAN  clinched  the  'Excellent Cross-border E-Commerce Logistics Service Provider of 2022' at the Global Cross-border E-Commerce  Festival  and  the  Shenzhen International Cross-border E-Commerce Trade Expo. The award was presented by the SZCBEA.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## HPH TRUST TERMINALS AWARDED THE CARING COMPANY LOGO 2022

In July, in appreciation of HPH  Trust's continuous  efforts  with  regard  to  corporate social responsibility, the Hong Kong Council of  Social  Service  once  again  awarded  HIT, COSCO-HIT, APS, and Hutchison Logistics with the Caring Company Logo. This recognition  attests  to  HPH  T rust's  strong community spirit even amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.

<!-- image -->

## HIT AND COSCO-HIT RECEIVE AWARDS FOR SOCIAL WELFARE INITIATIVES

In July, HIT and COSCO-HIT were awarded the 'Unlimited Warmth Award' in recognition of their contributions to their work in caring for the elderly in Hong Kong under the T suen Wan and  Kwai  T sing  District  Caring  Elders Award Scheme 2022.

<!-- image -->

## COSCO-HIT RECEIVES THREE AWARDS FROM MPFSA

In August, the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority ('MPFSA') presented  three  awards  to  COSCO-HIT in  appreciation  of  its  continuous  efforts  in enhancing  employee  security  in  retirement. They included the 'Good MPF Employer 5 Years+ Award', 'e-Contribution Award' and 'MPF Support Award'.

<!-- image -->

## HIT AND COSCO-HIT ATTAIN 'PARTNER EMPLOYER' AND 'EMPLOYMENT RETENTION' AWARDS

In August, COSCO-HIT received the 'Partner  Employer  Award  2022'  and  the 'Employment  Retention  Award  2022'  for the  first  time,  while  the  same  awards  were presented to HIT for the tenth consecutive year by The Hong Kong General Chamber of  Small  and  Medium  Business.  Despite experiencing a challenging year, the terminals continued to provide employment opportunities for graduates and retirees, and maintain high retention of employees.

## CORPORATE MILESTONES

Ivor Chow, Chief Executive Officer of the T rustee-Manager, accepted the  'Best  Green  Container  T erminal  Award'  for  YANTIAN  at  the AFLAS Awards Ceremony.

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN WINS BEST GREEN CONTAINER TERMINAL AWARD

In  September,  YANTIAN  was  awarded  the  'Best  Green  Container Terminal'  at  the  2022  Asian  Freight,  Logistics  and  Supply  Chain (' AFLAS')  Awards  for  the  third  time  in  the  past  four  years.  More than 15,000 readers of Asia Cargo News voted  for  the  winner  from eight nominees who were judged on leadership, consistency in service quality, innovation, customer orientation and reliability.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

(Left  and  right)  Excellent  T axpayment  and  T urnover  (2021-2022)  and Green Low Carbon Promotion (2021-2022) awards.

## YANTIAN RECEIVES TWO AWARDS FOR TAX PAYMENT AND GREEN LOW CARBON PROMOTION

In October, YANTIAN received two awards in the National Excellent Enterprise with Foreign Investment category. The awards, 'Excellent Taxpayment  and  T urnover  (2021-2022)'  and  'Green  Low  Carbon Promotion (2021-2022)', were conferred by the China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment and the Shenzhen Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment.

## MEGA2VESSEL CALLS

Evergreen, EVER ARM

<!-- image -->

Evergreen, EVER ALOT

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN WELCOMES THE WORLD'S LARGEST CONTAINER VESSELS ON THEIR MAIDEN VOYAGES

In March, YANTIAN welcomed one of the ten new 24,000 TEU ultra-large container vessels built by Evergreen, EVER ARM , on its maiden voyage. EVER ARM is currently the world's largest container vessel, measuring 400 metres long and 62 metres wide.

In July, another ultra-large container vessel by Evergreen, EVER ALOT , made its call at YANTIAN on its maiden voyage. With an expansive deck area of 24,000 square metres and a length of 400 metres, EVER ALOT is the first ship in the world exceeding the 24,000 TEU mark. YANTIAN was its last port of call in China, signifying YANTIAN's capabilities in handling mega-vessels in addition to its advantageous port conditions.

## CORPORATE MILESTONES

<!-- image -->

## MEGA-VESSEL APL RAFFLES BERTHS AT HIT

In  April,  measuring 398 metres long and 58 metres wide, and with a carrying capacity of 17,000 TEU, APL RAFFLES berthed at HIT. The container vessel is one of the many mega-vessels calling at HIT, demonstrating the terminals' capabilities in servicing vessels of this scale.

<!-- image -->

## YANTIAN WELCOMES SIX 400-METRE-LONG CONTAINER VESSELS SIMULTANEOUSLY AFTER QUAYSIDE UPGRADES

In July, YANTIAN received six 400-metre-long vessels concurrently for  the  first  time.  This  was  a  significant  milestone  as  it  was  the  first time several sizeable vessels berthed at any global port simultaneously, further  establishing  YANTIAN  as  the  preferred  port-of-call  for mega-vessels.

The simultaneous call was enabled by a berth and quayside upgrade, which commenced in 2021. The purpose of the enhancement was to provide more agility and resilience at the ports to meet the growing demand  of  customers  and  increasing  deployment  of  mega-vessels within  the  maritime  industry.  With  the  completion  of  the  upgrades, simultaneous calls  of  multiple  mega-vessels  will  become  a  common occurrence at YANTIAN.

## AUTOMATED AND REMOTE0 CONTROLLED TECHNOLOGY

<!-- image -->

## MORE REMOTE RMGC AT HIT

HIT continues to strive for higher productivity, operational safety and equipment reliability. A third batch of three remote rail-mounted gantry cranes ('RMGCs')  was  delivered in  March  2022  and  released  for  operations in  August  2022.  The  three  new  remote RMGCs  will  greatly  enhance  operational safety and efficiency with improved features such as a container twistlock detection system, a block access gate control system, an imageprocessed anti-truck lifting system and a safety wire  rope  net.  Other  new  features  include a  truck  positioning  system  for  external  and internal trucks, small square move for in-stack shuffling  and  a  full-coverage  anti-container collision  system.  A  fourth  batch  of  RMGCs will be delivered in April 2023.

<!-- image -->

REMOTE RMGC

<!-- image -->

## REMOTE RTGC OPERATIONS AT YANTIAN

HPH Trust  continues  to  expand  its  remote crane operations in YANTIAN with a total of 40 units of remote RTGCs to be deployed at the terminal by 2025. The objective is to improve  the  work  environment  for  RTGC operators, enhance occupational safety and  health,  maximise  yard  productivity  and reduce carbon emissions.

The  final  commissioning  work  for  the  first batch of eight remote RTGCs was completed and officially put into operation in the first  quarter  of  2022.  The  civil  work  and manufacturing  of  a  second  batch  of  eight remote RTGCs is currently in progress and is expected to be delivered to YANTIAN in the first quarter of 2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

REMOTE RTGC

<!-- image -->

## INBOUND FULL CONTAINER DELIVERY AUTOMATION AT YANTIAN

HPH Trust continues to promote automated operation at YANTIAN to provide a better service  experience  for  customers  and  port users  by  optimising  gate  operation  flow and  improving  gate  productivity.  In  June, YANTIAN introduced fully automated, paperless access for inbound containers on trucks. As of November, more than 95% of gate  house  operations  at  YANTIAN  were automated,  which  has  greatly  enhanced users' service experiences.

<!-- image -->

HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Inflation, rising energy prices and interest rates, geopolitical uncertainty and the reverberating impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on supply chains created a business backdrop of adversity in 2022.

In  the  face  of  these  challenges,  HPH  T rust  doubled  its  efforts  to enhance operational resource deployment, develop infrastructure and employ  innovative  technologies  to  protect  the  T rust's  competitive edge.  Strong  foundations  of  long-term  planning  and  agility  in responding to shifts in the external environment helped HPH T rust to maintain stability, manage risks and maximise opportunities.

## KEEPING THE PANDEMIC AT BAY

In  2022,  HPH  Trust's  commitment  to  maintaining  round-theclock services, even at peaks of the pandemic, secured stable port operations.  For  instance,  a  crisis  management  team  stepped  in to  resolve  Kwai  T sing  T erminals'  temporary  manpower  shortages in  February  due  to  COVID-19  infections  and  related  quarantine requirement,  with  the  terminals  returning  to  regular  operating capacity within weeks.

Meanwhile,  decisive  action  at  YANTIAN  ensured  it  to  continue operating  smoothly.  Our  specially  created  COVID-19  Prevention and  Control  Committee  helped  the  business  respond  swiftly  to  the government's  most  updated  COVID-19  containment  measures, by  rapidly  activating  pandemic  response  plans,  providing  staff  with COVID-19  response  work  plans,  and  providing  personnel  working onboard  vessels  with  well-organised,  safe  and  comfortable  closedloop  accommodation.  In  addition,  technologies  such  as  the  selfdeveloped 'electronic fence on board' and the 'iYANTIAN' information management  system  also  allowed  effective  and  efficient  pandemic prevention and containment.

The Sustainability Report on pages 36 to 94 of the Annual Report provides  more  details  on  the  COVID-19  preventive  measures  that HPH Trust actioned to safeguard employees' and port users' health, and maintain smooth, efficient and effective operations 24/7.

## LAND-SEA SOLUTIONS SHOWCASE COLLABORATION

With  the  unique  role  HPH  T rust  plays  at  the  Greater  Bay  Area ('GBA') including Hong Kong and Shenzhen, it has strived to seek ways to contribute to the society, ensuring the continued and smooth flow  of  daily  necessities,  anti-epidemic  supplies,  food  and  other materials  to/from  Hong  Kong  and  Shenzhen  since  the  beginning of  the  pandemic. This commitment to serving the community and safeguarding economic activities of the cities during the pandemic was  best  demonstrated  when  the  COVID-19  fifth  wave  hit Hong Kong in February.

Hong  Kong's  COVID-19  fifth  wave  halted  cross-border  trucking between Hong Kong and Shenzhen, affecting a wide range of daily supplies. T o  demonstrate its role as a key port player in both cities,

HPH Trust proactively utilised Kwai T sing T erminals and YANTIAN to  launch  an  alternative  cross-boundary  transportation  solution. The  agile  response  capitalised  on  the  strong  collaboration  with shipping  lines  in  setting  regular  shipping  schedules  between  the ports of Hong Kong and YANTIAN, using dedicated barge berths, the  opening  of  a  'dedicated  green  channel'  and  priority  inspection to  expedite cargo handling and inspection procedures. As a result, shippers  and  suppliers  could  deliver  necessities  such  as  fresh vegetables  to  Hong  Kong  by  sea  and  the  logistics  supply  chain between Guangdong and Hong Kong was able to continue operating without delay.

This solution is a strong example of successful collaboration between HPH Trust's terminals in Hong Kong and Shenzhen, pointing to the rich potential for closer collaboration between the ports in GBA.

## COLD-CHAIN ADVANTAGE

In recent years, Hong Kong Seaport Alliance ('HKSPA') has excelled by tapping into the growing cold-chain market to offer the freshest deliveries,  including  imported  fruits,  to  markets  in  Mainland  China. Kwai  T sing  T erminals'  Remote  Reefer  Monitoring  System  and  has reefer  plug  capacity  of  more  than  4,700  reefer  points,  have  been significant  in  providing  a  cold-chain  edge.  The  system  strengthens the terminals' operational efficiency and occupational safety through 24/7 automated remote management of refrigerated containers. This has enabled greater visibility  and  accuracy  on  container  conditions such as temperature, humidity and carbon emission levels. Kwai T sing Terminals have also offered direct container pick-up after discharge.

In  Shenzhen,  YANTIAN  built  a  system  of  integrated  customs supervision  and  cold  chain  facilities  for  imported  fruits.  Under  the support  and  guidance  of  the  General  Administration  of  Customs, Shenzhen Customs, Shenzhen Municipal Government and Yantian District  Government,  the  system  allows  the  requisite  advance declaration, two-step declaration, shipside pickup and loading, and green inspection. The terminal provides safer and faster inspection and clearance of fruits and reefer cargoes through 4,000 refrigerated container  sockets  in  the  container  yard,  two  dedicated  on-dock customs inspection sites with consistently maintained temperatures and a total of 45 off-dock inspection bays. All these facilities reaffirm YANTIAN's position as a port of choice for fruit shipments in South China,  in  particular,  of  cherries,  by  witnessing  the  berthing  of  the first  cherry express vessel from Chile to Mainland China, SEASPAN BRIGHTNESS, at YANTIAN in December.

## STRENGTHENING OPERATIONS

HPH Trust is constantly looking to achieve smarter use of resources to  attain  higher  productivity  and  cost-effectiveness.  The  2022 creation  of  a  centralised  remote  operation  centre  at  T erminal  8  of Kwai  T sing  T erminals  for  the  remote  rubber-tyred  gantry  cranes ('RTGCs')  operations  has  been  a  noteworthy  achievement. It  replaced  two  separate  centres  previously  located  in  Kwai  Chung

## OPERATIONAL REVIEW

and  T sing  Yi  to  maximise  synergy  and  efficiencies.  Similarly,  the consolidation  of  gatehouses  of  HIT,  COSCO-HIT  and  ACT  into one  centralised  gatehouse  at  T erminal  6  brought  an  efficient  and direct service to truck drivers.

Never  content  with  the  status  quo,  YANTIAN  launched  a three-year  capacity  enhancement  programme  to  boost  terminal competitiveness.  It  includes  the  purchase  of  40  remote  RTGCs (eight  of  which  were  already  fully  operational),  the  heightening of  quay  cranes  and  RTGCs,  and  berth  upgrades  to  service  more mega vessels. In July, YANTIAN showcased its operational strength when it  received  six  400-metre  container  vessels  simultaneously  MSC SVEVA, MANCHESTER MAERSK, CMA CGM ALEXANDER  VON  HUMBOLDT,  CMA  CGM  GEORG FORSTER, CMA CGM JEAN MERMOZ and EVELYN MAERSK.

In  addition,  the  major  project  of  YANTIAN  -  East  Port  Phase  I  achieved major milestones in 2022, obtaining official approval from the  Shenzhen  Municipal  Development  and  Reform  Commission in  August,  and  holding  the  contract  signing  ceremony  with  major stakeholders in December.

All these initiatives will improve YANTIAN's overall terminal capacity and productivity . They support YANTIAN to be a major, competitive port hub in  the  GBA  by  meeting  the  growing  cargo  demands  from  sources including but not limited to YANTIAN's inland port portfolio.

## DELIVERING PROGRESS THROUGH DIGITALISATION

Kwai  T sing  Terminals  is  determined  to  digitally  transform  its daily  operations  to  sustain  business  continuity  and  contribute  to environmental sustainability. In 2022, gatehouse digitalisation continued with the Port of Hong Kong's introduction of the Electronic Booking Confirmation  Note  (eBCN)  system.  T ogether  with  the  Electronic Release  Order  (eRO)  system  introduced  earlier  in  2021,  both inbound and outbound gate processes could now go fully paperless. Moreover,  Remote  Container  Inspection  at  Kwai  T sing  T erminals, which allows workers to inspect the container condition remotely at office  instead  of  on-site,  has  improved  safety,  efficiency  and  saved costs  by  reducing  the  onsite  needs  of  inspectors.  In  addition,  Kwai Tsing  T erminals  also  continuously  enhanced  its  frontline  operation systems to greatly reduce paper usage in digitalising and streamlining the process operation reporting functions.

Besides  daily  operations,  Kwai  Tsing  Terminals  also  applied technologies in enhancing security by successfully applying artificial intelligence (AI) to its intrusion detection system at T erminal 6, using 5G technology.

The drive to harness the latest technological advances to enhance port  operations  is  also  evident  in  YANTIAN.  Projects  in  2022 included  5G  applications  in  border  control  kiosks  at  terminal quaysides and raising COVID-19 prevention effectiveness. Significant effort and time was also spent on using 5G in planning and designing the greenfield automated terminal at East Port, more details will be unfolded in the future.

## LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS IN REMOTE-CONTROLLED TECHNOLOGY

The Trust  has  continued  to  pursue  infrastructure  developments  to stay competitive in an increasingly digitalised world. It has embraced 5G technology to secure a stable, highly reliable network with low latency, which is crucial for remote controlled operations.

YANTIAN began its 5G application for remote-controlled RTGCs, with  a  proof-of-concept  trial  for  one  unit  done  in  2022,  and altogether  16  units  commissioned  to  roll  out  in  2023.  Kwai  T sing Terminals followed suit, becoming the first terminals in Hong Kong to apply 5G technology in 2022 to six remote-controlled RTGCs, and real-time monitoring and alerts.

In  2022  at  Kwai  T sing  T erminals,  five  manual  RTGCs  at  T erminal  8 were  converted  to  remote-control  mode,  while  in  HIT,  a  fourth batch of three new remote rail-mounted gantry cranes are expected to enter service in 2023. In YANTIAN, a total of 40 units of remote RTGCs is expected to be deployed by 2025.

## SAFEGUARDING THE WORKPLACE

Health and safety is paramount to daily operations at HPH T rust's terminals. In the year under review, Kwai T sing T erminals organised a safety month to raise awareness of 'slip and fall' accidents in the workplace. The terminals also presented new educational videos spotlighting serious accidents to help eliminate risk-taking and unsafe work behaviours.

In  YANTIAN, education and campaigns were a focus for workplace health  and  safety.  The  National  Safety  Month  in  June  featured  two special training courses on safety leadership that drew a total of 460 participants.  A  'Work  T ogether  for  a  Safe  Port'  campaign  involved staff  members  and  their  families  to  promote  safe  production  and family wellbeing. Meanwhile, to emphasise that everyone has a duty to contribute to occupational health and safety, YANTIAN rolled out the 'Everyone is a Safety Guardian' campaign, inviting all staff members in the port area to check for potential safety risks and violations, creating self-initiative to regulate operations and prevent accidents. More details on  HPH  Trust's  safety  and  security  measures  can  be  found  in  the Sustainability Report on pages 36 to 94 of the Annual Report.

## FIRM BASES FOR LONG-TERM SUCCESS

HPH Trust has consolidated its business through versatile, targeted use of resources, sustained infrastructure investments and upgrades, and  a  resolute  embrace  of  new  technology.  Forging  ahead  with purpose  and  a  clear  view  of  the  long  term,  the  business  is  more than prepared to ask and answer tomorrow's questions. HPH Trust has  continued  to  thrive  on  a  deep  understanding  of  its  markets, competition  and  customers  to  create  new  opportunities,  innovate, and refine complex operations. HPH T rust endeavours to scale new heights to maintain its status as a world-leading terminal operator.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

In 2022, a host of global and industry challenges tested the resilience of the global port business. Inflation, high interest rates, rising energy and commodity prices, geopolitical flux, and the continuing impacts of  the  COVID-19 pandemic created a complex business landscape to navigate.

However,  HPH  Trust's  versatility  and  commitment  to  prudent financial management served itself well. Despite the difficulties, HPH Trust  is  well  placed  to  take  on  new  challenges  and  opportunities  in the year ahead.

## THROUGHPUT SLOWED AMID PANDEMIC AND INFLATION

The  past  financial  year  was  marked  by  operational  and  financial flux.  Under the high inflationary environment and inventory level at destination  countries  which  led  to  weakened  consumer  demand  in markets worldwide, during the year under review, throughput for the ports of HPH T rust was 22.7 million TEUs, a drop by 7% compared to 2021. Outbound cargoes to the US and Europe dropped by 12% and 13% respectively. YANTIAN's throughput fall was mainly attributable to lower US and Europe cargoes. Throughput at Kwai T sing T erminals recorded  an  11%  drop  in  2022,  due  to  the  reduced  cross-border road traffic  as  a  result  of  the  stringent  pandemic  control  measures in place after Hong Kong was hit by the fifth wave of COVID-19 in early 2022.

Average revenue per TEU for YANTIAN was below the 2021 level, mainly  attributed  to  stabilised  storage  income  after  unusual  high storage income in 2021 and depreciation of Renminbi. Meanwhile for Kwai T sing T erminals,  average revenue per TEU was slightly above 2021 level.  Across  the  full  year,  revenue  and  other  income  totalled HK$12,166.2  million  -  a  decrease  of  8%  compared  to  HK$13,244.1 million in 2021 - as a result of lower throughput.

## MIXED OPERATING RESULTS IN A COMPLEX BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT

The cost  of  services  rendered  in  2022  was  HK$4,174.5  million,  7% drop from HK$4,474.7 million in 2021 as a result of lower throughput. Efficiencies  created  by  Hong  Kong  Seaport  Alliance  ('HKSPA') and  other  cost-control  initiatives  also  partially  offset  general cost increases.

Staff costs of HK$265.7 million marked an increase of 3% compared with  that  of  2021  primarily  due  to  inflation.  Depreciation  and amortisation was HK$3,004.0 million, 2% below the previous year.

Other operating income in 2022 was HK$146.2 million, a 65% drop from  HK$417.9  million  in  2021.  The  decrease  was  mainly  due  to higher  government  subsidies  received  in  2021.  Other  operating expenses  totalled  HK$587.3  million.  This  marked  a  17%  increase against  HK$500.4  million  in  2021,  mainly  attributable  to  exchange loss arising from revaluation of Renminbi denominated assets.

Total operating profit was HK$4,280.9 million - a HK$1,097.9 million or  20%  decrease  from  2021.  Profit  for  the  year  was  HK$2,519.7 million, a decrease of HK$1,007.5 million or 29% compared to 2021.

Profit attributable to HPH T rust unitholders was HK$1,099.0 million, representing a decrease of HK$648.2 million or 37% from 2021.

## FINANCIAL PRUDENCE CONTINUES

Despite the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic and increasing global economic challenges, HPH Trust has maintained financial prudence and maintained a good financial  position.  At  the  end  of  2022,  HPH  T rust  had  a  total cash  balance  of  HK$10,395.2  million,  which  was  HK$652.8 million  less  than  in  2021.  This  resulted  in  HPH  Trust  having HK$16,744.8  million  in  net  debt  by  year  end,  a  7%  decrease against 2021.

During the year, HPH T rust diligently continued its debt repayment strategy implemented since 2017, to repay a minimum of HK$1 billion of  debt annually. As a result, total borrowings decreased by HK$1.9 billion  to  HK$27,140.0  million  as  of  31  December  2022,  down  from HK$29,038.0 million at the end of the previous year. The impact of interest rate rises on HPH T rust's borrowing cost was relatively small as  over  70%  of  debt  had  a  fixed  interest  rate.  During  the  year,  the Trust  obtained  new  bank  loans  of  approximately  HK$5,300  million and  repaid  bank  loans  of  approximately  HK$3,298  million  and redeemed guaranteed notes of US$500 million.

HPH Trust has recommended a total payout of HK$1,263.1 million for  2022,  which  arrives  at  a  distribution  per  unit  of  14.5  HK  cents. Based on the US$0.194 market price as at 31 December 2022, the distribution yield stands at 9.6%.

## OUTLOOK

Multiple  events  clouded  the  2022  global  trade  environment  and the  ensuing  uncertainty  is  reflected  in  the  year's  financial  results. Despite  the  recent  relaxation  of  pandemic  preventive  measures  in mainland China and Hong Kong, it will take time to return to a prepandemic normal. The impact of high inflation on market sentiment and operating costs, geopolitical tensions as well as supply chain flux is  likely  to  continue  in  2023.  The  global  supply  chain  and  the  port industry can expect another year of challenging business conditions.

As  ever,  HPH  T rust  is  steadfast  in  maintaining  efficient,  effective and  stable  operations  based  on  a  commitment  to  rigorous  capital management, shrewd spending and meticulous cost control. In the new year, HPH Trust will continue to help smooth the challenges in global supply chains by operating its terminals to bring the greatest value  to  its  stakeholders.  Most  importantly,  HPH  T rust  has  healthy financial  fundamentals  that  provide  a  secure  platform  for  the business  to  explore  and  embrace  new  opportunities  with  precision and confidence.

With  HPH  Trust's  sound  track  record,  deep-water  terminal  advantage,  and strong  rapport  with  its  customers  and  stakeholders,  the  T rust  will  continue  to establish global connectivity and uphold high operating standards to sharpen its competitive edge and create operating synergy in the Greater Bay Area.

The Trust  will  continue  to  focus  on  exercising  prudent  cost  control  measures and improving operational efficiencies through the early adoption of the latest technology, terminal digitalisation, and operational enhancements to ensure best in class service to customers and that it is well prepared when normal business environment resumes.

## TO CAPTURE OPPORTUNITIES REINFORCING STRENGTHS

Kwai T sing, Hong Kong

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

Chairman and Non-executive Director MR. FOK KIN NING, CANNING

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director:  14 February 2011  Date of appointment as  Chairman:  23 February 2011  Length of service as Director  (as at 31 December 2022):  11 years 10 months  Age:  71   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

-  Nil

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Arts	degree	and	Diploma	in	Financial	Management
-  Fellow	of	Chartered	Accountants	Australia	and	New	Zealand

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed companies

-  CK	Hutchison	Holdings	Limited	('CKHH')	(executive	director	and group co-managing director)
-  Hutchison	T elecommunications	Hong	Kong	Holdings	Limited	(chairman)
-  Hutchison	T elecommunications	(Australia)	Limited	(chairman)
-  Power	Assets	Holdings	Limited	(chairman)
-  HK	Electric	Investments	Manager	Limited	(as	the	trustee-manager of HK Electric Investments) (chairman)
-  HK	Electric	Investments	Limited	(chairman)
-  TPG	Telecom	Limited	(chairman)
-  CK	Infrastructure	Holdings	Limited	(deputy	chairman)
-  Cenovus	Energy	Inc.	('Cenovus	Energy')	(director)
-  PT	Indosat	Tbk	(deputy	president	commissioner)

## Other Principal Commitments

-  Nil

## Other Information

-  All	the	aforesaid	companies	are	either	subsidiaries	or	associated companies of CKHH Group of which Mr. Fok has oversight

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

-  Husky	Energy	Inc.	(delisted	on	5	January	2021	following	its combination with Cenovus Energy) (co-chairman)

<!-- image -->

Executive Director MR. IP SING CHI

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director:  14 February 2011  Length of service as Director  (as at 31 December 2022):  11 years 10 months  Age:  69   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

-  Nil

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Arts	degree

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed companies

-  Westports	Holdings	Berhad	(non-independent non-executive director)
-  Piraeus	Port	Authority	S.A.	(independent,	non-executive	director)
-  Orient	Overseas	(International)	Limited	(non-executive	director)
-  COSCO	SHIPPING	Development	Co.,	Ltd.	(non-executive	director)

## Other Principal Commitments

-  Group	managing	director	of	Hutchison	Port	Holdings	Limited
-  Chairman	of	Y antian	International	Container	T erminals	Limited

## Other Information

-  A	member	of	the	Hong	Kong	Port	Development	Council	until	the end of December 2014
-  Founding	chairman	(in	2000-2001)	of	the	Hong	Kong	Container Terminal Operators Association Limited
-  Over	40	years	of	experience	in	the	maritime	industry

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

-  COSCO	SHIPPING	Energy	Transportation	Co.,	Ltd. (independent non-executive director)

Non-executive Director MS. EDITH SHIH

<!-- image -->

## Trustee-Manager

Date of appointment as Director: 1 January 2017

Length of service as Director 6 years

(as at 31 December 2022):

Age:

71

## Board committee served on:

-  Sustainability	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(chairperson)
-  Nominating	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Science	degree	and	Master	of	Arts	degree	from	the University of the Philippines
-  Master	of	Arts	degree	and	Master	of	Education	degree	from Columbia University, New Y ork
-  Solicitor	qualified	in	England	and	Wales,	Hong	Kong	and	Victoria, Australia
-  Fellow	of	both	The	Chartered	Governance	Institute	('CGI')	and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute ('HKCGI'), holding Chartered Secretary and Chartered Governance Professional dual designations

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

## Listed companies

-  CK	Hutchison	Holdings	Limited	('CKHH')	(executive	director)
-  Hutchison	T elecommunications	Hong	Kong	Holdings	Limited (non-executive director)
-  HUTCHMED	(China)	Limited	(non-executive	director)
-  PT	Duta	Intidaya	Tbk	(commissioner)

## Other Principal Commitments

-  Company	Secretary	of	CKHH

## Other Information

-  Past	International	President	(2018-2020)	and	current	member	of the Council of CGI
-  Past	President	(2011-2014)	and	current	Honorary	Advisor	of HKCGI and current chairperson of its Nomination Committee
-  Chairman	of	the	Process	Review	Panel	for	the	Accounting	and Financial Reporting Council (formerly known as the Financial Reporting Council) and a member of the Securities and Futures Appeals T ribunal and Executive Committee and Council of Hong Kong Management Association

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

•	 Nil

Non-executive Director MS. LEE TUNG WAN, DIANA

<!-- image -->

## Trustee-Manager

| Date of appointment as Director: 1 January 2022  Length of service as Director (as at 31 December 2022): 1 year  Age:  54   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

-  Sustainability	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)
-  Remuneration	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor's	degree	in	Commerce
-  Associate	of	Chartered	Accountants	Australia	and	New	Zealand

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed company

-  Westports	Holdings	Berhad	(non-independent	non-executive
- director)

## Other Principal Commitments

-  Group	chief	financial	officer	of	Hutchison	Port	Holdings	Limited

## Other Information

-  Extensive	experience	in	financial	and	accounting	matters	as	well	as financial reporting and regulatory compliance
-  Past	Deputy	Chief	Financial	Officer	of	the	T rustee-Manager (February 2011 to April 2016) and past Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer of the T rustee-Manager (May 2016 to December 2021)

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

•	 Nil

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

<!-- image -->

Independent Non-executive Director MR. CHAN TZE LEUNG, ROBERT

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director:  14 February 2011  Length of service as Director  (as at 31 December 2022):  11 years 10 months  Age:  76   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

-  Audit	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)
-  Remuneration	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(chairman)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Science	(Econ)	Hons.
-  Master's	degree	in	Business	Administration
-  Fellow	of	The	Hong	Kong	Institute	of	Directors

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed company

-  TOM	Group	Limited	(independent	non-executive	director)

## Other Principal Commitments

- Senior adviser to Long March Capital Limited, a fund management company based in Beijing and Shanghai in partnership with leading Chinese institutions

## Other Information

- Experienced banker with over 39 years of experience in both commercial and investment banking
-  Retired	as	chief	executive	officer	of	United	Overseas	Bank,	Hong Kong on 31 December 2011

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

•	 Nil

<!-- image -->

Independent Non-executive Director DR. FONG CHI WAI, ALEX

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director:  11 February 2020  Length of service as Director (as at 31 December 2022): 2 years 10 months  Age:  66   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

-  Sustainability	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Social	Science	degree	in	Business	and	Economics	from the University of Hong Kong
-  Master	of	T echnology	Management	degree	in	Global	Logistics Management from the Hong Kong University of Science and T echnology
-  Master	of	Science	degree	in	Global	Finance	from	the	New	Y ork University/Hong Kong University of Science and T echnology
-  Doctor	of	Business	Administration	degree	from	the	City	University of Hong Kong
-  Doctor	of	Philosophy	from	the	City	University	of	Hong	Kong
- Fellow	of	the	Chartered	Institute	of	Logistics	and	T ransport	in	Hong	Kong
-  Fellow	of	The	Hong	Kong	Institute	of	Directors
-  Adjunct	Associate	Professor,	Hong	Kong	University	Business	School
-  Adjunct	Associate	Professor,	The	Chinese	University	of Hong Kong Business School

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

## Listed companies

-  TOM	Group	Limited	(independent	non-executive	director)
-  HK	Electric	Investments	Limited	(independent	non-executive	director)
-  HK	Electric	Investments	Manager	Limited	(as	the	trustee-manager of HK Electric Investments) (independent non-executive director)

## Other Principal Commitments

- Director of The Hongkong Electric Company, Limited

## Other Information

-  CEO	of	the	Hong	Kong	General	Chamber	of	Commerce	(2006-2011)
-  Over	25	years	of	experience	in	the	government	of	Hong	Kong	with operational and policy formulation expertise
-  Former	Secretary	to	the	Hong	Kong	Port	and	Maritime	Board	and the Hong Kong Logistics Development Council

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

-  China	United	Venture	Investment	Limited	(previously	known	as 'Glory Mark Hi-T ech (Holdings) Limited') (independent nonexecutive director)

<!-- image -->

Independent Non-executive Director MR. GRAEME ALLAN JACK

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director: 14 February 2011  Length of service as Director (as at 31 December 2022):  11 years 10 months  Age:  72   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

- Audit Committee of the T rustee-Manager (chairman)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Commerce	degree
-  Fellow	of	the	Hong	Kong	Institute	of	Certified	Public	Accountants
-  Associate	of	Chartered	Accountants	Australia	and	New	Zealand

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed companies

-  The	Greenbrier	Companies,	Inc.	(independent	non-executive director)
- HUTCHMED (China) Limited (independent non-executive director)

## Other Principal Commitments

- Nil

## Other Information

- Extensive experience in finance and audit
-  Retired	as	partner	of	PricewaterhouseCoopers	in	2006

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

- COSCO SHIPPING Development Co., Ltd. (independent non-executive director)

MRS. SNG SOW-MEI (ALIAS POON SOW MEI)

<!-- image -->

Independent Non-executive Director &amp; Lead Independent Director

| ## Trustee-Manager  Date of appointment as Director:  14 January 2011  Length of service as Director (as at 31 December 2022): 11 year 11 months  Age:  81   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board committee served on:

- Audit Committee of the T rustee-Manager (member)
-  Remuneration	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)
-  Nominating	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(member)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Arts	degree

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed companies

-  CK	Infrastructure	Holdings	Limited	(independent	non-executive director)
-  ARA	Asset	Management	(Prosperity)	Limited	(as	manager of Prosperity Real Estate Investment T rust) (independent non-executive director)
- CK Asset Holdings Limited (independent non-executive director)

## Other Principal Commitments

- Nil

## Other Information

- Lead Independent Director of the T rustee-Manager
-  Conferred	the	title	of	PPA(P)	-	Pingat	Pentadbiran	Awam (Perak), the Singapore Public Administration Medal (Silver) by the Republic of Singapore

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

-  Nil

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Independent Non-executive Director MR. WONG KWAI LAM

<!-- image -->

## Trustee-Manager

Date of appointment as Director: 2 December 2015

Length of service as Director 7 years

(as at 31 December 2022):

Age:

73

## Board committee served on:

-  Nominating	Committee	of	the	T rustee-Manager	(chairman)

## Academic &amp; Professional Qualifications

-  Bachelor	of	Arts	degree	from	the	Chinese	University	of Hong Kong
-  Ph.	D	degree	from	Leicester	University,	England

## Present Directorships or Chairmanships

Listed companies

-  ARA	Asset	Management	(Prosperity)	Limited	(as	manager of Prosperity Real Estate Investment T rust) (independent non-executive director)
-  K.	Wah	International	Holdings	Limited	(independent non-executive director)
-  Langham	Hospitality	Investments	Limited	(independent non-executive director)
-  LHIL	Manager	Limited	(as	trustee-manager	of	Langham Hospitality Investments) (independent non-executive director)
-  CK	Hutchison	Holdings	Limited	(independent	non-executive director)

## Other Principal Commitments

- Chairman of IncitAdv Consultants Limited
-  Vice	chairman	of	the	board	of	trustees	and	a	member	of	the investment sub-committee of the board of trustees of New Asia College of the Chinese University of Hong Kong
-  Director	of	CUHK	Medical	Centre	Limited
-  Chairman	of	Hong	Kong	Grand	Opera	Company	Ltd

## Other Information

- Former member of the advisory committee of the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong
-  Over	33	years	of	experience	in	the	commercial	and	investment banking industry
-  Retired	as	managing	director	of	Asia	investment	banking	division of Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Ltd. in 2009 and served as their senior client advisor until 2010
-  Conferred	with	an	honorary	fellowship	by	the	Chinese	University of Hong Kong

## Past Directorships or Chairmanships in listed companies held over the preceding 3 years (from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2022)

-  Nil

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## MR. IVOR CHOW

Chief Executive Officer of the T rustee-Manager and Managing Director of HIT

Mr. Chow was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of the T rusteeManager  in  June  2021.  He  is  also  the  Managing  Director  of  HIT and a member of the HPH Trust Exco, a committee of executives that  determines  strategy  for  HPH  T rust.  He  has  over  20  years  of experience working in the port, accounting and banking industries. Mr. Chow joined Hutchison Port Holdings Limited ('HPH') in 1998 and since 2001 has served as the General Manager of the Commercial division  and  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Director  -  Corporate Finance  &amp;  Business  Development  of  several  of  HPH's  subsidiaries (together  with  HPH,  the  'HPH  Group').  He  has  also  served  as Finance  Director  of  the  South  China  division  of  the  HPH  Group as  well  as  a  director  on  some  of  the  HPH  Group and HPH T rust's business portfolio assets since 2008. He has also been an executive of  the  T rustee-Manager  since  2011  and  was  the  Chief  Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer of the T rustee-Manager from February  2011  to  April  2016.  Mr.  Chow  holds  a  bachelor's  degree in  mathematics  from  the  University  of  Waterloo  in  Canada.  He  is a Chartered Accountant of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario.

## MR. JIMMY NG

Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Officer of the T rustee-Manager

Mr.  Ng  was  appointed  the  Chief  Financial  Officer  and  Investor Relations Officer of the T rustee-Manager in January 2022. He is also a member of the HPH Trust Exco. Prior to his current appointment, Mr. Ng was the Business Director of the South East Asia division of the HPH Group since 2017. Mr. Ng joined the HPH Group in 2008, initially serving in the Corporate Finance Department. He has over 20 years of experience in finance and banking. Mr. Ng holds a master's degree in  engineering,  economics  and  management  from  the  University  of Oxford in the United Kingdom. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and a Fellow of CPA Australia.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## MR. LAWRENCE SHUM

## Managing Director of YANTIAN

Mr. Shum is the Managing Director of YANTIAN and a member of the HPH Trust Exco. Before being appointed to his current position in  June  2021,  he  was  the  Managing  Director  of  COSCO-HIT and Deputy Managing Director of ACT. Since joining the HPH Group in 1996, Mr. Shum has held various executive positions in Hong Kong and  mainland  China  within  the  T rust  and  HPH  Group.  He  served as the Chief Financial Officer of YANTIAN, took up various posts in Shanghai and was the Regional Director - North and East China of the HPH Group. He has over 26 years of experience in the port industry.

Currently,  Mr.  Shum  is  the  Standing  Committee  Member  of  the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference of Yantian District, Shenzhen and has been elected as the President of Shenzhen Ports Association in October 2022.  He is a Chartered Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Logistics and T ransport in Hong Kong and is a  Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Shum is also an Associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

## MS. MA XIAOLI

Managing Director of COSCO-HIT and Deputy Managing Director of ACT

Ms. Ma is the Managing Director of COSCO-HIT, Deputy Managing Director of ACT and a member of the HPH T rust Exco. Prior to her appointment  in  June  2021,  she  was  the  Account  Director  -  South China cum Relationship Director under the commercial function of the HPH Group. She joined the HPH Group in 2005 and had 13 years of experience in the shipping industry before joining the HPH Group. Ms.  Ma  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in  shipping  management  from Dalian Maritime University in the People's Republic of China, and a master's degree in international transport from Cardiff University in Wales.

## MR. RAYMOND LAM

Chief Operating Officer of HKSPA and Director - Operations of HIT

Mr. Lam is the Chief Operating Officer of HKSPA, overseeing the operations collaboration among different terminal operators in Kwai Tsing, Hong Kong. He is also the Director - Operations of HIT and a member of the HPH T rust Exco. He joined the HPH Group in 2015 and held various executive positions in Ports Panama, COSCO-HIT and  YANTIAN  focusing  on  terminal  operations.  He  has  over  27 years  of  experience  in  terminal  operations  and  logistics  business. Mr. Lam holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

## MR. RAYMOND CHAN

## Director - Operations of YANTIAN

Mr. Chan is the Director - Operations of YANTIAN and a member of the HPH Trust Exco. Prior to his appointment in September 2021, he had been the General Manager of the South Asia Pakistan T erminals and  the  Karachi  International  Container  T erminals  of  the  HPH Group. He joined the HPH Group in 1992 and held various executive positions over the years, including Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Hutchison Ports Panama, General Manager of Port Xiamen in the People's  Republic  of  China  and  Operations  Review  Consultant  of the HPH Group. Mr. Chan holds a bachelor of industrial engineering from the University of Hong Kong.

## FOCUSING ON THE FUTURE

The operating environment is becoming increasingly complex and volatile  as  businesses  are  increasingly  expected  to  look  beyond simply  generating  returns  to  solving  global  challenges  like  climate change and inequality.

Committed  to  sustainability,  the  T rust  endeavours  to  incorporate sustainability into its business strategy, decision-making and corporate culture. It focuses on creating long-term shared value for the  business  and  its  stakeholders  by  sustainably  and  responsively optimising its business operations, to push the sustainability agenda forward in the communities it serve.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

HPH Trust is  committed  to  a  holistic  approach  to  sustainable  development,  and  as  such,  it  ranks  environmental,  social  and  governance ('ESG') considerations as vitally important in all aspects of its business. As part of this, it is committed to the principles of transparency and accountability  in  its  sustainability  disclosure  practices.  This  Sustainability  Report,  as  part  of  the  Annual  Report,  sets  out  the  sustainability approach of the T rust as well as its practices and performance in managing ESG issues related to the business. The management approach, performance indicators and targets, as well as related achievements and case studies on material sustainability topics ('Material Sustainability Topics'), are disclosed in the respective chapters of the Sustainability Report.

The Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative ('GRI') Standards and Rule 711A of the SGX Listing Manual, and with reference to the primary components set out in Rule 711B of the SGX Listing Manual. It is for the period 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. It has  been reviewed by the Board of Directors ('Board') of the T rustee-Manager and is published on HPH T rust's corporate website at https://www.hphtrust.com/sr\_hpht.html.

## REPORTING SCOPE

The  Sustainability  Report  discloses  data  on  Material  Sustainability  T opics  identified  and  prioritised  by  stakeholders  and  management. Disclosures cover the core port operations of HPH T rust at HIT and YANTIAN 1 , which are the majority-owned terminals of the T rust and contribute around 85% of the total throughput handled during the year.

## CONTACT US

HPH Trust  welcomes  your  feedback  on  the  Sustainability  Report  and  other  sustainability-related  enquiries.  Please  contact  the  T rust  at ir@hphtrust.com.

<!-- image -->

The core values of the T rust revolve around the concept of UNITY, reflecting its commitment to excellence, integrity and strong partnerships. In particular, HPH T rust commits to a sustainable future.

1 Excludes YANTIAN East Port Phase I, which is under development.

## BOARD STATEMENT

Committed to sustainability, the  Board  of  HPH  Trust incorporates  sustainability factors into its decisionmaking and strategy formulation.  With  overall responsibility for the sustainable development of the Trust, the Board regularly reviews and evaluates  the  relevance  and importance  of  sustainability topics. It ensures accountability , oversees the management of the most material topics, and evaluates  the  performance of  the  Trust  in  relation  to sustainability.

## MANAGING SUSTAINABILITY

## SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

HPH Trust is committed to strengthening its organisational adaptability and resilience through  our  sustainability  principles,  which  are  embedded  throughout  the  Trust's operations.  We  have  long  viewed  sustainable  development  as  a  core  aspect  of  our business practices, strategies and planning. This approach to sustainability ensures we are well equipped to respond to environmental, social and economic challenges that arise in the fast-paced economies in which we operate.

<!-- image -->

*    Established in April 2022

**  Formerly known as Sustainability Steering Committee

Our robust sustainability governance structure allows us to define clear responsibilities and assign key roles across our business units while ensuring alignment, innovation and collaboration. While the Board has ultimate responsibility for sustainability strategy and management, the Trust maintains that organisational accountability is a core tenet of our business, sending a strong message that everyone at HPH T rust has a duty to contribute in their own ways to achieving our collective sustainability objectives.

Effective two-way communication is essential for the success of our business strategy and decision-making.  This  holistic  approach  to  sustainability  governance  enables  rigorous oversight and facilitates the implementation of our strategies at the operational level.

More information on corporate governance at the T rust can be found on pages 96 to 126.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| Board of  Directors  •  Has ultimate accountability for the sustainability strategy of HPH T rust, as well as its management, performance  and reporting, with the support of the Sustainability Committee and the Audit Committee  •  Oversees  sustainability  strategy  formulation,  risk  management  and  performance,  including  promoting  sustainable value creation in the best interests of the T rust, with due regard to sustainability considerations  Sustainability  Committee  •  A  board-level  sub-committee  set  up  in  April  2022,  comprising  three  Directors,  including  at  least  one  independent non-executive Director. T erms of reference of the Sustainability Committee is available on HPH  Trust's corporate website at https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.  •  Its objectives are to oversee the management and advise the Board on the development and implementation  of the corporate social responsibility and sustainability initiatives of the T rust  •  Reviews the sustainability reporting process, and related policies and practices  •  Assesses and makes recommendations on matters concerning the Group's sustainability development and risks  •  Meets at least twice a year  Audit  Committee  •  A board-level sub-committee, comprising three Directors, including at least three independent non-executive  Directors.  T erms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  is  available  on  HPH  T rust's  corporate  website  at  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.  •  Its overall objective is to assist the Board in discharging its responsibility to HPH T rust to safeguard assets,  maintain  adequate  accounting  records,  uphold  the  integrity  of  the  financial  statements,  and  develop  and  maintain effective systems of risk management and internal controls  •  Reviews the policies and practices of the T rust on corporate governance including compliance with legal and  regulatory requirements according to the Audit Committee's T erms of Reference  •  Meets at least four times a year  Sustainability  Working Group  •  Formerly known as the Sustainability Steering Committee, it is comprised of senior management; that is,  including CEO and CFO, and also Managing Directors of major business divisions, and Heads of Commercial,  Operations, Engineering and Human Resources, and selected members of relevant staff  •  CEO and CFO report directly to the Board (including the Sustainability Committee and the Audit Committee)  on all sustainability issues, strategy implementation, and the relevant sustainability risks and opportunities  •  Ensures  sustainability  factors  are  monitored  on  an  ongoing  basis  and  properly  managed,  reviews  our  sustainability practices, formulates the sustainability approach, leads efforts in setting short- and long-term  strategies, sets targets and monitors our performance, and keeps abreast of emerging sustainability issues and  trends that could impact HPH T rust's business operations and financial performance  •  Meets at least twice a year  Business units,  departments, work  groups, individuals  •  All have a duty to contribute to sustainability performance  •  Assesses and mitigates internal control-related risks  •  Manages, implements and monitors the effectiveness of sustainability initiatives  Internal Audit  •  Internal  audit,  reporting  directly  to  the  Audit  Committee,  provides  independent  assurance  as  to  the  effectivesness  of  the  risk  management  activities  and  controls  of  the  Group,  including  those  related  to  sustainability reporting process   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

HPH Trust has in place a set of policies on sustainability and corporate governance that provide guidance on how HPH T rust conducts its business and ensures its operations and corporate culture align with its sustainability commitments. The policies are available on HPH T rust's corporate website.

| Sustainability Policies  https://www.hphtrust.com/sustainability\_policies.html  Corporate Governance Policies  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html  •  Environmental Policy  •  Health and Work Environment Policy  •  Human Rights Policy  •  Modern Slavery and Human T rafficking Statement  •  Supplier Code of Conduct  •  Sustainability Policy  •  Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy  •  Appointment of Third Party Representatives  •  Board Diversity Policy  •  Code of Conduct  •  Corporate Communications Policy  •  Dealings in Securities (for Officers)  •  Dealings in Securities (for Directors)  •  Director Nomination Policy  •  Donations, Contributions and Sponsorship  •  Handling of Confidential and Price Sensitive Inside Information  •  Information Security Policy  •  Investor Relations Policy  •  Personal Data Governance  •  Whistleblowing Policy   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RISK MANAGEMENT

The Trust's overall sustainability risk management approach is aligned with the integrated framework set out by the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of the T readway Commission. Sustainability risks and opportunities that may have a big impact on the business are regularly identified, reviewed, evaluated and prioritised through the T rust's Enterprise Risk Management ('ERM') framework. This framework reinforces the importance of considering risks in both the strategy-setting process and in driving performance. Moreover, the ERM framework defines how the T rust identifies and evaluates risks, and implements internal control procedures and mitigative measures to minimise adverse impacts. These captured risks represent critical knowledge for the T rust's strategic business planning, aiding in internal resource prioritisation, facilitating effective decision-making, and mitigating exposure to emerging risks across the entire organisation, for the short-, medium- and long-term healthy growth of the business.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## KEY HIGHLIGHTS IN 2022

## OVERVIEW

Material Sustainability T opics reprioritised and revised

23

## ENVIRONMENT

17%

decrease in carbon emissions intensity between 2021 and 2022

YANTIAN participated in the

## 27 th United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP27)

to share its experience addressing climate change issue

HIT has been recognised as

## Hong Kong Green Organisation

since 2018

## RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

100%

of new suppliers were screened for environmental and social issues

## Zero Incidents

of corruption and no material breaches of  relevant  laws  and  regulations  were recorded

## OUR PEOPLE

Signed the

## Mental Health Workplace Charter

supporting employees' well-being

Provided

53,210

training hours for employees

## Deployment of 5G

network to enhance security and increase overall efficiency of operations

## Donated

## HK$5.3 million

through monetary and in-kind contributions to various community engagement programmes

## SAFETY AND SECURITY

<!-- image -->

Conducted

103

emergency drills

## Over 200

HIT employees and external contractor workers  participated  in  Safety  Month to raise awareness on slip and fall prevention

<!-- image -->

## RESPONDING TO COVID-19

As the world continues its collective effort to contain COVID-19, our thoughts are with all those who have been affected these past few years. The Trust has the utmost respect and sincere gratitude for all healthcare and frontline professionals, especially during these trying times. The Trust treats the safety and health of employees and their families as one of its highest priorities.

In 2022, HPH T rust continued to face challenges related to COVID-19.  When the fifth wave of the coronavirus hit Hong Kong in February, Kwai T sing T erminals faced a temporary manpower shortage due to staff infections.  At the same time, COVID-19 precautionary measures in China continued throughout the year.  Mainland China's pandemic response continues to shift, and could affect the operation of HPH T rust ports.

## Safeguarding the port environment

As a world-class port operator, HPH T rust's top goal is to ensure smooth, efficient and effective operations around the clock.

In  response to the challenges related to COVID-19 in 2022, HPH T rust showed its preparedness, reacting swiftly to provide a high-quality service to customers while doing everything possible to prevent the spread of COVID-19.  For instance, during the fifth wave in Hong Kong, Kwai T sing T erminals' crisis management team quickly implemented plans for manpower planning and contingency arrangements. The precise response and advanced planning allowed Kwai T sing T erminals to quickly return to normal operating capacity by March.  Meanwhile, the YANTIAN COVID-19 Prevention and Control Committee rapidly activated its pandemic response plans and enhanced the safe closed-loop accommodation for personnel working on-board vessels. Innovative technology and artificial intelligence helped reinforce effective COVID-19 prevention strategies.

HPH Trust also worked closely with local government authorities to review the closed-loop management policy for on-board workers and ships' crews, helping to ease manpower shortages and maintain around-the-clock service for customers.

YANTIAN arranged closed-loop accommodation for staff and contractors to ensure operational continuity and safeguard workers

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Similar to the prior year, as a world-class port operator, the T rust had in place the following measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 at its port areas in 2022, as detailed below.

## PROVIDING MEDICAL SUPPLIES AND SANITATION

- Provided additional personal protective  equipment  (for  example, face  masks  and  rapid  antigen  test ('RAT') kits) to employees
- Conducted regular RAT or polymerase chain reaction COVID-19 tests  for  frontline  staff  and  on-site workers on board vessels
- Provided  vaccination  arrangements for staff, helping to significantly increase vaccination rates
- Increased the frequency of cleaning and  sanitation  of  public  areas,  rest rooms and air-conditioning systems

## MINIMISING PHYSICAL CONTACT

- Allowed f l e x i b l e working arrangements, such as splitting work locations and working-from-home
- Implemented closed-loop management, with  centralised  accommodation  for high-risk frontline staff at YANTIAN
- Redesigned common areas for staff, such as seating arrangement in canteen,  changing  rooms  and  rest areas  to  allow  social  distancing  at work

## SETTING PORT-SPECIFIC PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES

- Followed a closed-loop management policy for high-risk staff at YANTIAN,    including  providing centralised  accommodation  and dedicated transportation for designated staff
- Deployed  only  vaccinated  workers for operations on vessels
- Required crew members to stay indoors on vessels when berthed and to take point-to-point transportation at crew changes
- Conducted  risk  assessments  for  all incoming vessels at YANTIAN
- Sanitised vessels before handling containers at YANTIAN
- Swiftly updated standard COVID-19-related procedures and  policies  to  reduce  the  risk  of transmission

## RAISING STAFF AWARENESS

- Set up a dedicated team structure to supervise  the  pandemic  prevention policy and procedures
- Raised staff awareness on selfprotection against COVID-19 through online courses, Q&amp;A sessions, online group briefings, and by widely displaying posters and videos on-site
- Increased  the  frequency  of  internal communications  on  COVID-19  to staff  and  subcontractor  workers  to share the latest developments, rules and tips on precautionary measures

## TIGHTENING REQUIREMENTS AT WORK

- Required  all  parties  to  wear  a  face mask  when  on  company  premises, and  on  the  company  bus  and  the terminal shuttle bus
- Recorded  body  temperature  at  all terminal entrances and canteens
- Required  high-risk  staff  to  undergo medical surveillance
- Required  HIT  staff  to  take  a  RAT daily  before  work  to  minimise  the transmission risk in the terminal
- Required  YANTIAN  staff  to  take a  COVID-19  test  each  time  they return to Shenzhen from other cities

## MAKING USE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

- Used innovative technology solutions such as artificial intelligence-enabled face masks and temperature detectors, to combat COVID-19 outbreaks and data analytics to assist in contact tracking and isolation
- Streamlined digital and mobile technology to minimise unnecessary in-person interactions

## Caring under the pandemic

HIT demonstrated adaptive community membership and responsibility  by  arranging  its  staff  and  contract  workers  to undergo COVID-19 tests at the testing station in T erminal 4 and a mobile  specimen  collection  station  nearby  during  the  Hong  Kong COVID-19 outbreak.

The temporary COVID-19 testing centre at T erminal 4

<!-- image -->

Volunteers of HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT jointly arranged a virtual sports  day  for  the  elderly  from  Y an  Chai  Hospital  Fong  Y ock  Y ee Neighbourhood Elderly Centre, to help them maintain good physical and mental health during the pandemic.

HIT,  COSCO-HIT and  ACT  organised  a  virtual  sports  day  for  the elderly during the COVID-19 pandemic

<!-- image -->

HPH Trust also acknowledged the sacrifices and hardship employees have faced during the pandemic. On 8 March, International Women's Day, female colleagues based in YANTIAN visited the port operations to  present  gifts  to  over  2,000  staff  and  contract  workers,  including those  living  under  closed-loop  management.  This  event  celebrated female representation within YANTIAN and showed appreciation for the efforts of frontline team members.

YANTIAN  female  staff  expressed  appreciation  for  the  frontline team's efforts

<!-- image -->

When  the  fifth  wave  of  coronavirus  hit  Hong  Kong  in  February, cross-border  trucking  between  the  city  and  Shenzhen  was  halted, affecting  a  wide  range  of  daily  supplies.  HPH  T rust  responded  by swiftly  providing  an  alternative  route  for  cross-border  logistics  via water transport. Kwai T sing T erminals teamed up with YANTIAN to open the Y antian-Hong Kong shuttle service to ensure a smooth and stable  supply  of  fresh  vegetables,  meat,  daily  necessities  and  antiepidemic supplies from mainland China to Hong Kong.

The launch of Yantian-Hong Kong shuttle service maintained a stable supply of goods from the mainland to Hong Kong during the fifth wave of coronavirus in Hong Kong

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT CHANNELS

Proactive and continuous engagement with our diverse stakeholders is crucial in understanding their changing concerns and expectations, to better align the T rust's sustainability strategy with market and industry trends.

## Stakeholder Groups

<!-- image -->

## Investors

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Customers

<!-- image -->

communities

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Media

## Engagement Channels

-  Investor	 meetings	 and	 calls	 ·	 Conference days	 ·	 Port	 visits	 ·	 Annual	 General	 Meeting
-  Dedicated	 email	 communications
-  Announcements	 and	 publications	 via corporate website
- Port	visits	·	In-house	magazines	·	Company intranet	·	Notices	and	bulletins	·	Performance appraisals	·	LINK	Committee	·	Mobile	app
- Meetings	•	Calls	•	Discussions	and	responses
- Port	visits
-  Induction	and	safety	training	·	Compliance with  Code  of  Conduct  and  Anti  Fraud  and Anti-Bribery (' AFAB') Policy · Supplier evaluation
-  Mobile	 app	 ·	 Customer	 meetings	 ·	 Port visits	 ·	 T erminal	 news	 releases	 ·	 Exhibitions
- Webinar	•	Brochures
-  Recycling	 and	 waste	 reduction	 initiatives
-  Visits	 to	 elderly	 homes	 •	 Online	 greetings

and events

for the

elderly

•

Port visits

- Internship	programmes
- 	 Mobile	 communication	 platform
-  Safety	 information	 sharing	 ·	 Help	 desk hotline	·	Meetings	with	trade	associations
- Press	releases	·	Press	briefings	·	Corporate website

## Key Areas of Concern

-  Sustainability	 and	 environment	 at	 ports	 •	 Unit	 price
-  Financial	 performance	 •	 Latest	 terminal	 development
-  Throughput	 trends	 ·	 HKSPA	 ·	 COVID-19	 confirmed cases at the terminals and its impact on the business
- Financial	performance	•	Key	initiatives	•	Career	prospects
-  Personal	development	•	Well-being	•	Health	and	safety
- HKSPA	·	COVID-19	preventive	measures	and	confirmed cases at the terminals
-  Key	 government	 maritime	 policies	 ·	 Competitiveness of	 port	 of	 Hong	 Kong	 and	 YANTIAN	 ·	 HKSPA ·	 Sustainability	 and	 environment	 at	 ports	 ·	 COVID-19
- preventive measures and confirmed cases at the terminals
-  Workplace	 safety	 ·	 Service	 performance	 ·	 T endering process	 and	 results	 ·	 HKSPA	 ·	 COVID-19	 preventive measures and confirmed cases at the terminals
- Sustainability · Performance of terminals · Shore power	 implementation	 ·	 Updates	 to	 customs	 processes and local regulations · Digitalisation and automation ·	Cargo	coverage	and	connectivity	·	HKSPA	·	COVID-19
- preventive	measures	•	Market	updates
- Introducing	the	port	industry	·	Building	relationships	with the	 local	 community	 ·	 Sustainability	 and	 environment	 at ports	·	COVID-19	community	support
-  T urnaround	 time	 at	 ports	 •	 Berth	 availability	 and	 arrangements
-  Operational	 safety	 •	 Customs	 declarations	 •	 HKSPA
- COVID-19	preventive	measures	and	confirmed	cases	at the terminals
- Latest	terminal	developments	·	Competitiveness	of	port of	Hong	Kong	and	YANTIAN	·	Service-related	concerns ·	HKSPA	·	COVID-19	confirmed	cases	at	the	terminals

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

HPH Trust's sustainability  priorities  are  those  issues  that  best  reflect  its  significant  economic,  environmental  and  social  impacts,  including those that substantially influence the perception and decision-making of stakeholders. In identifying these material issues, HPH T rust regularly assesses materiality and strategises an approach to effectively manage these topics, and in prior years management has been continuously assessing the materiality of each sustainability topic via surveys and interviews with stakeholders and by benchmarking study. In 2021, the T rust completed a comprehensive materiality assessment through engagement with external and internal stakeholders and an industry landscape review to evaluate the most significant ESG topics to the business.

The assessment conducted in 2021 covered diverse ESG-related topics that impact or are affected by the business, industry, operations and key stakeholders. This assessment identified 23 relevant sustainability topics, grouped them into four strategic pillars (Responsible Business; Environment; Our People; and Safety and Security), and prioritised them into three tiers (high, moderate and low priorities), which form the basis for the T rust's sustainability commitments and disclosures.  A sustainability materiality matrix ('Sustainability Materiality Matrix') was set up.

In  2022, the T rust revisited the material topics through desk-based research and a benchmarking exercise to identify relevant industry trends and sustainability issues, to ensure that this report is relevant to the topics most important to our business and stakeholders. At the conclusion of the materiality refresher process, the T rust made two updates to the Sustainability Materiality Matrix:

- upgrading 'Corporate Governance' to Tier 2 from Tier 3
- changing 'Recruitment and Retention' to 'Employment Practices and Labour Rights' to include labour rights-related issues

Using a tiered  approach,  the  Sustainability  Materiality  Matrix  shows  how  the  23  Material  Sustainability  T opics  were  categorised  from  low to  high  priority  according  to  their  level  of  importance  and  urgency,  which  was  derived  through  the  frequency  of  disclosure  by  peers  in  the benchmarking study and senior management interviews (presented in the X axis) and their level of importance to stakeholders (presented in the Y axis).

<!-- image -->

Tier 1 topics are considered high priority by the business and stakeholders, as associated risks may need to be addressed with increased urgency. Tier 2 topics are considered moderate priority with issues of relatively high importance and urgency. Tier 3 topics are prioritised as relatively lower priority, as the associated risks are relatively less pressing and urgent under the sustainability governance framework.

To best reflect  the  differences  in  materiality  levels,  the  T rust  implemented  different  disclosure  approaches  for  each  materiality  tier.  Tier  1 topics are disclosed in this Sustainability Report in a more extensive manner, with more illustrations and case studies, in accordance with GRI Standards. Disclosure of Tier 2 and Tier 3 topics are also made in accordance with the GRI Standards, with less extensive detail.

HPH Trust would like to emphasise that all 23 Material Sustainability T opics contained within the Sustainability Materiality Matrix are considered material to the business and operations of the T rust. The categorisation into Tiers 1 to 3 is based on how each issue ranks in relation to the business.

Moreover,  besides  setting  up  the  Sustainability  Materiality  Matrix,  to  align  the  T rust's  corporate  efforts  with  the  international  objectives for  global  sustainable  development,  HPH  T rust  also  mapped  the  Material  Sustainability  T opics  against  the  United  Nations  Sustainable Development Goals ('SDGs').

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Sustainability Materiality Matrix

<!-- image -->

The chart below summarises the Material Sustainability T opics and their related boundaries.

The boundaries describe which stakeholder groups determine the topics to be significantly important and urgent.

<!-- image -->

| Pillar  Tier  Material Sustainability T opics  Impacts and Boundaries  RESPONSIBLE  BUSINESS  1  Anti-fraud and anti-bribery  •  •  •  •  •  Customer service  •  •  •  •  •  Technology and operational efficiency  •  •  •  •  •  •  2  External contractor worker management  •  •  •  •  Community engagement  •  •  •  •  Compliance  •  •  •  •  •  •  Corporate governance  •  •  •  •  Supply chain management  •  •  •  •  •  3  Contingency planning  •  •  •  •  ENVIRONMENT  1  Climate change  •  •  •  •  •  GHG emissions  •  •  •  •  •  •  Waste management  •  •  •  •  •  Water management  •  •  •  •  2  Energy consumption  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  3  Ambient air quality  •  •  •  •  Biodiversity  •  •  •  OUR PEOPLE  1  Employee engagement and well-being  •  •  •  •  •  Knowledge empowerment  •  •  •  •  2  Diversity and inclusion  •  •  •  Employment practices and labour rights #  •  •  •  •  •  SAFETY AND  SECURITY  1  IT systems and data security  •  •  •  •  •  Occupational health and safety  •  •  •  •  •  •  •  2  Safety risk management  •  •  •  •  Investors  Employees  Government  External  contractors and  suppliers  Customers  People and  communities  Port users  Media   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#   Recruitment and Retention is renamed as Employment Practices and Labour Rights

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS

The approach of HPH Trust to how it conducts its business is as important to it as the quality of the services it provides. The T rust upholds the highest standards of integrity, ethical behaviour and business conduct. The success of the business depends on the trust it has built up with customers, employees, and all other stakeholders. Its organisational integrity is the responsibility of every member of the management team and individual employees at all levels.

## WHY IT MATTERS

Beyond compliance with business standards and  regulations,  conducting  operations  in an  ethical  manner  is  a  fundamental  driver of  operational  excellence  and  growth.  The responsibility  to  uphold  stringent  ethical standards  falls  upon  all  employees  of  the Trust  and  has  the  potential  to  impact  all areas  of  the  business  and  its  relationships with  customers,  business  partner  and  the communities in which it operates.

## ANTI-FRAUD AND ANTI-BRIBERY

HPH Trust understands the importance of anti-fraud and anti-bribery (' AFAB') measures in ensuring that it conducts its business with integrity and is free from all kinds of corruption and unethical behaviour. Operating as a service provider and a key hub for the global shipping industry, how it manages its operations, and its ethical conduct, have potentially wide-ranging implications for its stakeholders and business partners. From top to bottom of the entire business, it takes a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption in any form and is committed to strict professionalism.

The AFAB Policy 1 , Code of Conduct and Staff Handbook clearly outline the guidelines and industry standards that all employees must follow. All  newcomers  into  the  organisation  must  complete  an  orientation  programme  that  includes  modules  on  relevant  AFAB  policies  and procedures.  HIT  also  launched  e-orientation  programme  for  part-time  staff  since  2021.  Moreover,  besides  AFAB  communications  to  our employees, at the board level of HPH T rust, all board of directors received AFAB-related communications and training in 2022. 100% of our suppliers have also received AFAB-related communications in 2022.

In 2022, the T rust continued to enforce its longstanding requirement that all staff undergo compliance refresher training every year. Moreover, both HIT and YANTIAN required all employees, including full-time and part-time staff, to declare their compliance with the AFAB Policy via the company's mobile app.

The Trust also provides staff with interactive channels and communication platforms to facilitate greater understanding of the expectations for ethical behaviour. For instance, all Managing Directors are regularly briefed and tasked with reminding their respective teams about company guidelines on the appropriate handling of seasonal gifts during their team briefing sessions. The T rust also arranges for guest speakers from the Independent Commission Against Corruption of HKSAR ('ICAC') to give training seminars for HIT colleagues, at least once every two years, with the next talk scheduled in 2023.

At YANTIAN, the Trust has also developed a specific Integrity Management Policy, which stipulates that all staff must attend training and familiarise themselves with relevant course materials via the online E-learning Portal.

1 For details regarding the HPH T rust AFAB Policy, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.

## HOW HPH TRUST RESPONDS

HPH  Trust  has  robust  compliance,  due diligence and monitoring mechanisms in  place  across  the  business  to  ensure  it operates  according  to  the  highest  ethical standards.  The  policies  and  procedures in  place  guide  the  long-term  sustainable growth of the organisation. The T rust fosters a  culture  of  employee  accountability  and excellence,  in  line  with  its  commitment  to improve the quality of its customer service.

To amplify the effect of being a responsible business  and  corporate  citizen,  the  T rust ensures  that  its  suppliers  and  external contractors uphold the same values of ethical, environmental and social responsibility.

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholder Group

<!-- image -->

Suppliers

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## AFAB Approach

- Providing AFAB training once every two years
- Communicating the AFAB Policy to employees through regular briefings and email reminders to reinforce the importance of ethics and integrity
- Incorporating AFAB information into the new joiner orientation programme and the digital e-orientation programme for part-time staff
- Ensuring all employees have a clear and practical understanding of the AFAB Policy through online reading materials
- Requiring  all  staff  to  make  self-declaration  annually  to  confirm  they  understand and agree to comply with the T rust's policies. Chinese version is also provided for colleagues in HIT and YANTIAN
- Sending reminders to staff stressing the importance of AFAB during major festivals, especially when receiving gifts in a socially distanced COVID-19 environment
- Monitoring  effective  dissemination  of  training  and  policy  information  through checking policy self-declarations and training attendance records
- Communicating the AFAB Policy to all suppliers at HIT and YANTIAN, emphasising zero tolerance for fraud and bribery
- Sending  email  reminders  to  suppliers  stressing  the  importance  of  AFAB  during major festivals
- In 2022, 100% of our suppliers received AFAB-related communications

The Trust has a Whistleblowing Policy 1 in  place  to  provide  a  confidential  channel for staff and other stakeholders to file complaint or report fraudulent  acts,  unethical  acts,  or  actual  or  potential  non-compliance  with  laws  and  regulations  without  fear  of  reprisal,  discrimination, retribution  or  disadvantage.  It  strongly  encourages  all  staff  and  stakeholders  to  report  any  suspected  cases  of  misconduct  or  malpractice. Besides its Whistleblowing Policy, it also conducts regular evaluations to identify any potential cases of fraud or bribery within its workforce and across its supply chain. Under the stipulations of the T rust's Code of Conduct, any cases of non-compliance are directly reported to the head of finance.

In 2022, there were no reported cases of fraud or bribery. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain its record of zero reported cases. This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term (5 years) and in the long run (as long as business continues).

1 For details regarding the HPH T rust Whistleblowing Policy, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY

<!-- image -->

Within  our  terminal  premises,  given  the  presence  of heavy machinery and time sensitivity of our operations, reliable  information  and  clear  communication  are paramount to the safety of all frontline workers, vessel crews, and facilities operators. In May 2022, we launched a Quay Crane Vehicle Mounted T erminal ('QC-VMT') system,  which  provides  our  quay  crane  operators ('QCO') real-time information on a vessel's profile, live updates on operations progress, and the vessel profiles including  container  type,  weight,  and  working  bays information. This means QCOs are less dependent on communication with the signalman on-board, improving workflow and, most importantly, worker safety.

<!-- image -->

In a fast-paced industry, operational efficiency is one of the most crucial drivers of business growth and operational stability. The T rust's heads of Operations, the Process Excellence team at HIT and the Operations department at YANTIAN, are dedicated to overseeing and measuring operational performance to optimise future systems.

HPH Trust facilitates continuous, consistent flow of cargoes in an innovative, simple and efficient manner, which benefits customers and business growth, has wide-ranging implications for environmental performance and eases the workload of employees. The T rust continues to enhance workflow processes, including by introducing paperless documentation filing. This protects frontline workers from COVID-19 by minimising close contacts. With seamless communication technologies, cargo handover processing times could also be reduced.

For example, as part of the T rust's campaign to digitalise the export cargo workflow, HIT has implemented Electronic Booking Confirmation Note ('eBCN'). 1 With eBCN, drivers now simply scan an eBCN QR code using a mobile app at an automated kiosk at the terminal entry gate to begin the gate process and the empty-pick and laden-return cycles. T ogether with the Electronic Release Order ('eRO') 2 for the inbound cycle, which was implemented in 2021, both inbound and outbound gate process could now be fully paperless.

The Trust has also digitalised the quayside process for damage container reports ('DCRs'), meaning frontline workers no longer need to physically  board  vessels  for  documentation  sign-off;  rather,  an  electronic  copy  is  received  by  the  chief  officer  and  the  liner  office  for acknowledgment. This allows the T rust to build robust synergies between its operations and customers that reduce processing times, enabling HPH Trust to evolve into a smart port operator for future generations.

<!-- image -->

HPH Trust  always  looks  to  the  future.  HIT  and  YANTIAN  are  pioneers  of  5G  applications  that increase  efficiency  and  improve  safety  performance  in  the  container  terminal  industry.  Examples include:

- Remote rubber-tyred gantry crane with 5G control -  With  5G,  crane  operation  can  be performed from the remote centre via a stable, highly reliable network with low latency.
- Intrusion  Detection -  The  CCTV  system  uses  artificial  intelligence  ('AI')  for  terminal surveillance, transmitting real-time signals and alarms via 5G to the Safety and Security control room, enhancing security standards.

Future deployment in 5G integration among communication, sensing, imaging and radar, starting with autonomous  driving  in  container  yard,  workplace  video analytics  and  surveillance  to  enhance  safety  and  logistic efficiency.

<!-- image -->

The Trust assesses the success of its initiatives based on key performance indicators for cargo movement within the terminal.

A full review of HPH T rust's operational achievements is available on pages 21 to 22. In the coming year, medium term and long run, HPH T rust will aim to continuously apply applicable latest technology such as 5G at our terminals to improve the efficiency of terminal operation.

## CUSTOMER SERVICE

Port operators serve a crucial role as a cargo transfer hub, representing a key node within the vast global networks of international shipping. The quality of services we provide to our customers directly impact both our internal business performance as well as the cargo movement efficiency and vessel scheduling of our value chain partners. HPH T rust strives to ensure that customers are treated appropriately and that contracts are respected. Its commercial department, headed by the Head of Commecial, has dedicated communications with the shipping line customers to ensure reasonable concerns and requests are appropriately addressed. Over the years, HPH T rust has become a well-respected and trusted member of the industry, and through its commitments to excellence, wins several annual business industry awards for its strong focus on customer service and on improving support systems.

HPH Trust proactively  addresses  customer  concerns  and  emerging  market  trends.  T o  catch  the  e-commerce  boom,  in  2022,  YANTIAN became the Honorary President Organisation of the Shenzhen Cross-Border E-Commerce Association Y antian Branch. Moreover, to build connectivity and increase the sources of cargoes, YANTIAN further improved the multimodal transport service network in 2022, establishing inland ports in Longchuan, Y ueyang, Jiangmen, Nanchang and Chenzhou, and launched a new port alliance with Dongguan.

There were no reported fines or non-monetary sanctions due to non-compliance with laws or regulations concerning products or services in the reporting year. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain its record of zero reported cases, fines or sanctions. This target also applies to HPH Trust in medium term and in the long run.

During the year, the T rust discussed the following major topics with customers 1 .

## 'How can we tackle the rising demand in frozen cargo imports?'

HPH  Trust  set  up  a  task  force  to  co-ordinate  related government  bodies  and  stakeholders  to  address  the difficulties prevalent in cold chains. Kwai T sing T erminals have reefer plug capacity of more than 4,700 reefer points that allow direct pick-up of containers after discharge. This is  the  port of choice for customers making cross-border fruit shipments, particularly of cherries. Meanwhile, YANTIAN currently  handles  about  95%  of  the  province's  imported frozen meat. With its abundant shipping services, efficient terminal  operations  and  customs  clearance,  integrated warehousing and cold chain facilities, YANTIAN endeavours  to  provide  high-quality  reefer  services  that meet the needs of customers importing goods.

## 'How can HPH Trust improve its efficiency?'

HPH Trust is constantly digitalising its operating process to increase productivity and create more value for its customers. In 2022, with the aim of digitalising the gate process, the T rust launched eBCN (this followed the launch of eRO in 2021), significantly reducing processing times and enhancing the efficiency for all parties involved. The AI technology used at the entry gate for Remote Container Inspections enables a reliable and faster inspection process for customers. The digitalisation of DCRs strengthens the quayside process and reduces processing times, which is a priority for customers.

1 In the reporting year, the T rust received 0 complaints and 2 compliments.

## 'How can HPH Trust grasp the upcoming opportunities of the Greater Bay Area and inner cities in mainland China?'

In 2022, YANTIAN further expanded its inland port portfolio to 11 ports by adding Longchuan, Yueyang, Jiangmen, Nanchang and Chenzhou.  These  inland  ports  further  improve  the  multimodal transport service network in the Greater Bay Area and hinterland of  China.  YANTIAN  also  launched  the  YANTIAN-Dongguan Port  Alliance  in  2022  to  help  accommodate  customer  volumes from multiple ports. In January 2022, the Ministry of T ransport and the National Development and Reform Commission jointly announced  that Yantian Port's Asia-Pacific Pan-Pearl River Delta-Europe International Multimodal Service Project has been recognised  as  a  'National  Multimodal  Service  Demonstration Project'. YANTIAN is the only port in Shenzhen to receive this distinction.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT

As a responsible corporate citizen,  the  T rust  aspires  to  have  a  positive  impact  in  the  communities  in  which  it  operates,  and  to  engage  with community members to understand where its aid would be most deeply felt. It has developed three core pillars: Elderly Care, Y outh Education and Awareness for the Environment. In 2022, HPH T rust donated approximately HK$5.3 million through both monetary and in-kind contributions to community programmes, charitable foundations, local social programmes and non-governmental organisations.

## CARING FOR ELDERLY CITIZENS CARING FOR ELDERLY CITIZENS

The Community Caring Group (including summer interns) of HIT arranged a home visit for the elderly from Y an Chai Hospital Fong Y ock Y ee Neighbourhood Elderly Centre in T suen Wan in July. The Community Caring Group (including summer interns) of HIT arranged a home visit for the elderly from Y an Chai Hospital Fong Y ock Y ee Neighbourhood Elderly Centre in T suen Wan in July.

A team of HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT volunteers organised a visit to the Hong Kong Maritime Museum and the Hong Kong Observation Wheel for the elderly from Y an Chai Hospital Fong Y ock Y ee Neighbourhood Elderly Centre. A guided tour led to different galleries to narrate heritage maritime stories at the museum before enjoying the fascinating harbour and city view from the ferris wheel. A team of HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT volunteers organised a visit to the Hong Kong Maritime Museum and the Hong Kong Observation Wheel for the elderly from Y an Chai Hospital Fong Y ock Y ee Neighbourhood Elderly Centre. A guided tour led to different galleries to narrate heritage maritime stories at the museum before enjoying the fascinating harbour and city view from the ferris wheel.

YANTIAN celebrated the Double Ninth (Chongyang) Festival by delivering greetings and gifts to the elderly of the Yantian District Social Welfare Centre. YANTIAN celebrated the Double Ninth (Chongyang) Festival by delivering greetings and gifts to the elderly of the Yantian District Social Welfare Centre.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SUPPORTING EDUCATION SUPPORTING EDUCATION

HIT Summer Internship Programme provided a platform for undergraduate students to enrich their learning through job attachment, volunteer service, communication skills workshop and action learning projects. HIT Summer Internship Programme provided a platform for undergraduate students to enrich their learning through job attachment, volunteer service, communication skills workshop and action learning projects.

<!-- image -->

The YANTIAN and HIT Scholarship Award for Children of Employees recognised the outstanding academic performance of 442 employees' children. The YANTIAN and HIT Scholarship Award for Children of Employees recognised the outstanding academic performance of 442 employees' children.

<!-- image -->

HIT hosted visits for students from Hang Seng University and Ampower Talent Institute, a non-profit making educational organisation, whom were introduced to HIT terminal operations. HIT's management trainees also shared experiences to stimulate younger generations interest in the career in container port business. HIT hosted visits for students from Hang Seng University and Ampower Talent Institute, a non-profit making educational organisation, whom were introduced to HIT terminal operations. HIT's management trainees also shared experiences to stimulate younger generations interest in the career in container port business.

<!-- image -->

## RAISING ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS RAISING ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS

To educate its staff and external contractor workers on environmental protection, HIT organised quarterly activities and providing environmental protection tips. HIT also joined the Earth Hour 2022 initiative of the World Wide Fund for Nature, and organised various activities such as charity sales to collect good-quality unwanted items from staff for sale, red packet recycle and mooncake box recycle activity. To educate its staff and external contractor workers on environmental protection, HIT organised quarterly activities and providing environmental protection tips. HIT also joined the Earth Hour 2022 initiative of the World Wide Fund for Nature, and organised various activities such as charity sales to collect good-quality unwanted items from staff for sale, red packet recycle and mooncake box recycle activity.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To enhance children's awareness of environmental protection and develop their creativity, YANTIAN organised 'online summer camp' for employees' children, which provides a series of engaging handicraft competition and exhibition, and exchange of used books and stationery, to promote the importance of recycling. To enhance children's awareness of environmental protection and develop their creativity, YANTIAN organised 'online summer camp' for employees' children, which provides a series of engaging handicraft competition and exhibition, and exchange of used books and stationery, to promote the importance of recycling.

<!-- image -->

Go Green Campaign: HIT employees took part in the Country Parks Plantation Enrichment Programme and planted 110 trees in local country parks to enhance biodiversity. Go Green Campaign: HIT employees took part in the Country Parks Plantation Enrichment Programme and planted 110 trees in local country parks to enhance biodiversity.

<!-- image -->

YANTIAN donated e-teaching materials and 20 used computers to its dock schools in Southwest China's Yunnan province to support the development of electronic education. YANTIAN donated e-teaching materials and 20 used computers to its dock schools in Southwest China's Yunnan province to support the development of electronic education.

<!-- image -->

In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to develop and continue various community engagement programmes to bring positive impact to the communities. This aim also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## SUPPLY CHAIN AND EXTERNAL CONTRACTOR WORKER MANAGEMENT

There are growing expectations placed upon responsible businesses to consider their role in their respective supply chains. As a responsible business, HPH T rust works closely with suppliers to achieve sustainable practices. Its Supplier Code of Conduct 1 ensures the highest standards for human and labour rights, supply chain management and ethical business practices are met.

Meanwhile,  external  subcontractor  worker  management  is  another  important  area  for  the port business and HPH T rust.  This relates to the significant outsourced labour force for port operations, which includes frontline workers such as equipment operators, stevedores, truck drivers,  maintenance  technicians  and  security  personnel.  The  T rust  has  a  comprehensive contractor service system, which is stipulated in the T rust's employment and labour standards.

<!-- image -->

This system, which is responsible for staff supervision, performance management, engagement and support, also covers applicable external contractor workers.  It is also responsible for ensuring that fair labour practices apply to external workers.

Environmental and social criteria are increasingly important considerations when screening potential suppliers and contractors.  HPH T rust has implemented an Environmental Management System that conforms to the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System standard. HPH Trust requires all suppliers and contractors to observe and implement sound environmental practices including, but not limited to:

- complying with all applicable environmental legal requirements
- conserving of natural resources and energies as far as possible
- controlling of pollutants being discharged to the environment
- using of environmentally friendly technology
- using of environmentally friendly, recycled and/or sustainably forested products in operations
- recycling waste and complying with legislation on the handling or disposal of hazardous materials
- mitigating the risk of climate change as far as possible
- engaging in local communities.

If the T rust identifies any significant social or environmental risks, it will terminate or withhold the contract. In the reporting year, 100% of new suppliers were screened for environmental and social issues. Furthermore, the T rust regularly monitors its suppliers to address potential risks and ensure that their business aligns with the T rust's policies and management systems.  Moreover, HPH T rust did not identify any new or existing suppliers with significant environmental or social risks in 2022.

Meanwhile, in the child and forced labour aspects, while this is not a common issue in the port industry and is relatively indirect to HPH T rust's business, the T rust strictly  prohibits  any  forms  of  child  and  forced  labour  for  its  suppliers  and  contractors.    Currently,  the  Supplier  Code  of Conduct, Work Order and Standard T erms and Conditions ('T&amp;Cs') of Agreement for Works/Services contain clauses that prohibit all forms of child and forced labour. Moreover, HPH T rust has a robust screening process on suppliers' and contractors' efforts to prevent the use of forced, prison, bonded or child labour. In 2022, the T rust did not identify any suppliers and contractors with significant child or forced labour risks.

1 For details regarding HPH T rust Supplier Code of Conduct, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/sustainability\_policies.html.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In  2022, the T rust bolstered its vendor registration, purchase order and vendor evaluation criteria with additional clauses to ensure its business partners provide a fair and equitable workplace that is free from any form of harassment or discrimination based on but not limited to age, race or ethnic origin, disability, gender, nationality, marital status, sexual orientation, political convictions or union affiliation. The T rust also conducted reference checks in areas such as code of conduct and financial status when engaging new vendors for contract of over HK$10 million.

Moving forward, HPH T rust will continue to place high importance and standards for supply chain and external contractor worker management. All  suppliers  that  sign  an  agreement  and  have turnover of HK$500,000 or more per annum will be assessed under the Supplier Evaluation Programme. HPH Trust is also implementing a Supplier Sustainability Self-Assessment Questionnaire, which will be sent to its top 50 suppliers annually, starting in January 2023. The aim of this questionnaire is to understand the transparency of HPH T rust's suppliers and contractors in relation to sustainability, and their conformance with the T rust Supplier Code of Conduct. Areas covered include governance, promoting ethical standards and the rights of all employees and protecting the environment. HPH T rust will aim to continuously enhance the screening process on its suppliers and external contractor workers and keep its 100% new supplier screening for environment and social issues.  This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

An effective corporate governance framework promotes and safeguards the interests of unitholders and other stakeholders. 1 The  T rust  is committed to implementing best practices to uphold high standards of corporate governance. It enforces appropriate controls and practices, which emphasise effective risk management, transparency and accountability. Every year, the T rust reviews any new or emerging regulations to make sure it is compliant with future changes. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain compliance prescribed by the SGX-ST Listing Manual. This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

A full review of HPH T rust's corporate governance is available in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 96 to 126 of this Annual Report.

## CONTINGENCY PLANNING

To maintain operational efficiency and minimise the adverse effects of disruptions and crises, the T rust implements contingency plans and measures that guide the T rust and its employees to swiftly respond and recover. In the next reporting year, HPH T rust will aim to further update and upgrade contingency plans in preparation for existing and potential new risks. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## COMPLIANCE

Compliance with laws and regulations relevant to HIT and YANTIAN is integrated into all decision-making and the T rust's operations across markets. This not only prevents remediation obligations and other costly liabilities resulting from non-compliance, but also recognises the T rust's ability to operate in a responsible and ethical way. In the reporting period, there were no cases of non-compliance with laws or regulations in the environmental, social or economic areas. In the coming year, the T rust will aim to maintain compliance in its business operations. This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## GOING FORWARD

The Trust will continue to prioritise conducting its business responsibility while maintaining its perpetual target of zero incidents of corruption and no material breaches of laws and regulations.

HPH Trust will also focus on upholding its world-class service quality and efficiency to better support its customers and other stakeholders. The T rust, through its innovative mindset, will remain vigilant to new technologies and upgrades as it navigates the evolving expectations of the market.

In  the  coming  year,  it  will  also  continue  to  introduce  technologies  such  as  automated  trucks  into  its  operations.  Moreover,  for technologies such as AI and 5G, it will continue to integrate them into its existing processes.

1 For details regarding the corporate governance policies of HPH T rust, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.

## ENVIRONMENT

HPH Trust is  acting  on  the  environmental  impacts  arising  from  its  operations  and  has  instilled  environmental  stewardship  in  its  strategy. Through this process, it is building the business based on a sustainable growth model to conserve the earth's environment and natural resources for  the  next  generation. The T rust takes a holistic view of the environmental impacts that could be associated with it. T o cultivate a greener future for everyone, HPH T rust aims to drive environmental resilience beyond its operations and actively manage its footprints.

## WHY IT MATTERS

## HOW HPH TRUST RESPONDS

The  Trust  acknowledges  the  effects  of climate  change  and  that  environmental degradation could have profound implications  for  its  operations  and  future business  performance.  As  the  effects  of climate change are becoming more severe and  frequent,  the  port  industry  will  face growing  challenges  to  decarbonise  rapidly and develop resiliency.

The Trust strongly encourages all departments  and  staff  to  internalise  an environmentally  sustainable  mindset  in conducting their  everyday  work.  From  top to bottom, it has implemented sustainability strategies that are paired with  sound environmental  management  systems.  The Trust  monitors  these  systems  using  key data  metrics  to  ensure  a  united  approach to  driving  positive  change  and  building  a better future. HPH T rust also sets emission reduction  target  to  drive  its  road  towards decarbonisation.

In  line  with  its  internal  culture  of  excellence  and  commitment  to safeguarding  the  environment,  HPH  Trust  has  adopted  various internationally  recognised standard and best practice. For instance, HIT  and  YANTIAN  have  adopted  the  ISO  14001  Environmental Management System standard, while YANTIAN has also adopted the ISO 50001 Energy Management standard.

In the reporting year, there were no non-compliances with applicable laws and regulations that may have major environmental impacts on its operations and stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

lessons  and  knowledge  of  environmental  development,  besides  the board level Sustainability Committee and the Sustainability Working Group  at  the  T rust  level  which  regularly  track  the  environmental performance against environmental targets and conduct semi-annual reviews, HIT and YANTIAN have each established an Environmental Awareness  Committee  to  create  awareness  of  the  importance  of environmental sustainability among employees and external contractor workers through special events, activities and social media platforms.

HPH  Trust's  Environmental  Policy 1 outlines  the  strategy  and management approach used to manage its key Material Sustainability Topics, covering climate change, energy use and waste management. In  addition  to  the  group  policy  at  the  T rust  level,  each  of  HIT 2 and YANTIAN 3   has  taken  the  initiative  to  further  cement  its  efforts to  deliver  on  commitments  to  build  a  green  port  to  minimise  their environmental impacts at each specific port through additional policies on environmental protection. Moreover, to disseminate the important

<!-- image -->

HIT has been recognised as a Hong Kong Green Organisation by the Environmental Campaign Committee since 2016.

The Trust is kept well informed on the relevant emerging trends. The Trust reviews its Environmental Policy regularly and implements updates when  necessary.  Its  performance  is  monitored  through  established targets and respective action plans to effectively drive change and hold responsible departments accountable for achieving its sustainability goals together. Following each review, HPH T rust strategises improvement plans and adjusts current strategies to achieve its targets.

In  recognition  of  their  efforts  to  promote  environmental  stewardship, HIT and YANTIAN have received the awards in 2022 as shown below.

<!-- image -->

YANTIAN was named 'Best Green Container Terminal' for the third time in four years at the AFLAS Awards. This is a testimony to YANTIAN's ongoing effort to create a green port by utilising industry-leading technologies.

1 For details regarding the HPH T rust Environmental Policy, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/sustainability\_policies.html.

2 For details regarding HIT's Environmental Protection Policy, please refer to https://www.hit.com.hk/en/Corporate-Social-Responsibility/Sustainability/Hit-Environmental-Policy.html.

3 For details regarding YANTIAN's green port policy, please refer to https://www.yict.com.cn/page/green\_port.html.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## CLIMATE CHANGE

Given the growing severity and frequency of the negative impacts of climate change on communities around the world, the business sector can no longer be a passive observer of the fight against climate change. In recent years, the T rust has been a vocal proponent of the need for strong mitigating measures within the port industry. T o best address the climate challenge, it is necessary to first identify the potential climate risks and opportunities facing the industry in the short-, medium- and long-term before it can proactively strategise, manage and mitigate the risks and take advantage of the opportunities.

<!-- image -->

| Address climate change risks as part of the T rust's risk management process  Set  up  targets  to  reduce  carbon  emissions  and monitor the T rust's carbon footprint to lessen its impacts on climate change  Incorporate climate change considerations into its business strategies  Establish  appropriate  procedures  to  prevent  or minimise  the  damage  that  climate  change  may cause and seize the opportunities that may arise  Reduce, where feasible, the production of GHG, ozone depleting emissions and other air pollutants within the T rust's operations  Increase the use of innovative and energy- efficient technologies in the Trust's operations to reduce energy consumption arising from day-to-day operations  Track and monitor the use of  energy  and  emissions in the T rust's operations  ## HPH Trust's position on managing the direct impacts of climate change   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Given the nature and location of port service operations, the most direct climate-related risks identified are closely associated with extreme weather conditions as brought on by shifting climate patterns. Management of HPH T rust reviews these risks periodically to assess whether they need to be integrated into the environmental resources management framework.

Moreover,  HPH  Trust  acknowledges  and  recognises  internationally  recognised  models  towards  climate  change.  It  has  prescribed  the recommendations of the T ask Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ('TCFD') established by the Financial Stability Board as its climate assessment and reporting, and will implement the TCFD recommendation by phases in the coming 2 years. The T rust recognises that aligning operations with this framework will take time and dedicated effort. As climate change is an ongoing and evolving issue, in the coming year,  HPH Trust will aim to further update and upgrade its plans and procedures towards any material existing and potential new climate change risks with reference to TCFD recommendations. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

The table below outlines the major climate-related risks, the impacts on HPH T rust's operation and the T rust's action plan to mitigate the risks:-

## Impacts Brought by Climate-Related Risks

## Severe and more frequent typhoon events

- Potential damage to cranes
- Temporary  closure  of  ports  due  to severe typhoons

## Severe and more frequent rainstorms

- Potential blockage of on-site rainwater drainage systems

## Lightning

- An  increase  in  lightning  damage  to facilities

## Foggy condition

- Foggy  condition  may  affect  visibility, reducing  operational efficiency  and safety

## Increasing temperature

- More  energy is consumed  for air conditioning  as  a  result  of  increasing number of hot days
- Increased pressure on water supplies
- Workers  working  outdoors  may  be exposed to heat-related illness

## Increasing tidal waves and sea level

- Stronger  waves  may  damage  the facilities along quay decks

<!-- image -->

## HPH Trust's Actions in Place/to be T aken

- HPH  Trust  has  in  place  standard  operating  procedures  to ensure operation safety during typhoon and swift resumption in operation post-typhoon
- Higher-capacity tie-down systems will be installed
- More  frequent  check-ups  are  conducted  prior  to  the  rainy seasons to rectify problems as needed
- Drainage systems are designed to withstand once-in-50-year rainstorms, at a minimum
- More frequent check-ups are conducted to rectify problems as needed
- HPH Trust  has  in  place  standard  operating  procedures  for foggy conditions to ensure operational safety
- On-site features with solar insulation and passive cooling are installed
- HPH Trust  is  extending  the  coverage  of  remote-controlled equipment  to  gradually  allow  operators  working  in  indoor environment with air-conditioning
- Conduct air conditioning efficiency replacement programme
- In  new projects such as YANTIAN East Port Phase I, HPH Trust will take climate change factors into consideration during the early design phases to build constructions to a higher level to reduce the risk of future damage

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Efficient and responsible energy consumption is, and will continue to be, an important consideration for the industry. Smart investments in green renewable energy technologies represent an opportunity for  HPH Trust to mitigate these risks while improving its environmental performance and gaining economic benefits such as reduced operating expenditures.

At  HIT,  129  solar  photovoltaic  ('PV')  panels  above  the  T erminal  4  gatehouse  help  to  power  the canopy floodlights, gatehouse office lighting and Security Office equipment.

To  further  demonstrate  its  commitment  to  renewable  technologies  and  responsible  energy consumption, in 2022 HIT began an extensive solar PV panel installation programme. This includes plans  to  cover  substations  and  suitable  areas  on  car  parks  to  increase  its  solar  energy  generation capabilities.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS, ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND AMBIENT AIR QUALITY

The  Trust's  commitments  to  environmentally  responsible  climate-related  action  extends across  all  its  divisions.  It  continually  looks  for  new  ways  to  reduce  GHG  emissions  and energy  consumption  while  improving  the  ambient  air  quality.  Efficient  energy  use,  including the  consumption  of  electricity  and  fuel,  directly  contributes  to  lower  emissions,  which  in turn  improves  the  ambient  air  quality  of  the  ports  and  their  surrounding  areas.  These  are significant  impacts  for  HPH  T rust  and  the  port  industry  as  a  whole.  That  is  why,  through management  deliberation  and  commissioned  studies,  the  T rust  has  established  a  trust-level emissions intensity target, which is a milestone step in its sustainability journey. The effort to reach the target - to reduce emissions intensity by 5% by 2026, compared to a 2021 baseline level - will encourage the T rust to continue to implement new energy-efficiency measures while growing the business. It will also reinforce the need to monitor its environmental performance metrics.

The  key  direct  emission  sources  of  the  T rust  arise  from  diesel-powered  machinery  such as  cranes  and  tractors,  and  certain  systems  aboard  docked  vessels  during  loading  and unloading idle periods. T o address this unique challenge within the port industry, HPH T rust has pioneered green technologies, championing shore power 1 and  clean  fuels  to  lower  port emissions. YANTIAN's shore power systems cover 17 berths. From 2019 to 2022, 19,750 tons of  carbon  dioxide  emissions  from  vessels  were  reduced  by  adopting  shore  power  supply.

<!-- image -->

YANTIAN has also established a 5-year plan to replace internal diesel tractors with electric-powered vehicles. In 2022, there were no reported cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations regarding emissions generated by HPH T rust. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain its record of zero reported cases. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

Management is heavily invested in the success of emissions reduction efforts, and as such, is keen to be updated on progress. With the gracious support of operational staff, fuel consumption is systematically recorded monthly and used to calculate carbon dioxide emissions quarterly. With this information, the Sustainability Working Group of HPH T rust and the management teams at HIT and YANTIAN (including the Head of Engineering) (through the Environmental Steering Committee) review performance semi-annually and quarterly respectively to ensure the business is on track to achieve its emissions reduction goals.

## KEY INITIATIVES IN 2022

## HIT

Established a three-year plan to convert hybrid rubber-tyred  gantry  cranes  ('hRTGC')  to electric  rubber-tyred  gantry  cranes  ('eRTGC'), starting in 2023

Installed solar photovoltaic system of substations and car parking areas at roof top

Increased  eRTGC  online  rate 2 to 95.09% ,  to reduce emissions

Deployed 10 electric  vehicles to  help  reduce emissions

## YANTIAN

Expanded the reefer cargo facilities by installing an  additional 288 reefer  plugs  and  cutting  out the use of mobile genset

Installed LED lights on 22 light towers and three quay cranes

Increased eRTGC online rate 2 to 84% , to reduce diesel consumption

Deployed 46 electric  forklifts  and 5 electric vehicles, to help reduce emissions

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The Trust has developed a dataset comprising energy usage and emissions indicators to evaluate the effectiveness of sustainability measures and review its performance against targets. For sake of clarification, the HIT throughput used in calculating the per TEU metrics represents total throughput handled at HIT terminals instead of the allocated throughput from HKSPA presented in the rest of the Annual Report.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

It  is  pleased  to  announce  that  in  2022,  HPH  T rust  has  already  achieved  its  emission  reduction  target  set  in  2021,  which  is  to  reduce  overall emissions intensity by 5% by 2026 compared to 2021.  In 2022, HPH T rust reported emission intensity of 11.790 kg CO 2 e per TEU, representing a decrease of 17% compared to the restated figure of 2021 of 14.176 kg CO 2 e per TEU. This could not be done without support from everyone at  HPH T rust and various stakeholders.  Key drivers contributed to emission reductions include pioneering green technologies, championing clean  fuels  to  lower  port  emissions,  electrification  of  other  facilities  such  as  forklifts  and  patrol  vehicles,  enhancing  eRTGC  online  rate, exhancing the reefer cargo facilities, replacing conventional lighting with more efficient LED lighting system, and promoting the efficient use of electricity consumption.

The road towards decarbonisation will not stop here.  In the near future, HPH T rust will explore various initiatives towards decarbonisation and emission reduction.  More details, including but not limited to a net zero strategic roadmap, will be unfolded in the future.

1 Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources controlled by HPH T rust, including natural gas, LNG, petrol, diesel and liquid petroleum gas used on-site.

2 Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions generated from electricity purchased by HPH T rust.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The 27 th United  Nations  Climate  Change  Conference (COP27)  was  inaugurated  on  6  November  2022  in Egypt.  As  a  member  of  the  Shenzhen  delegation, YANTIAN  participated  in  side  events  in  the  'China Corner' to share its experiences of addressing climate change issues and protecting the beauty of China.

YANTIAN has been increasing its efforts to save energy and reduce emissions. Through a number of important initiatives,  it  is  striving  to  build  an  international  leading green and low-carbon port. It has won the 'Best Green Container  T erminal'  award  three  times  in  four  years. Promoting the application of shore power, electrifying diesel-driven  RTGCs and introducing liquefied natural gas ('LNG') tractors are its three most important and contributing measures.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Please scan the QR code or visit https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_video.html to watch the video on how YANTIAN is building an international leading green and low-carbon port.

The  operating  engines  of  vessels  at berth  create  air  and  noise  pollution in  the  ports  and  surrounding  areas. HPH  Trust  is  a  pioneer  in  deploying green  shore  power  technology  that connects  vessels  to  the  power  grid system.  Through  the  application  of shore  power,  the  T rust  reduces  GHG emissions  such  as  carbon  dioxide  and sulphur dioxide.

The  Trust  is  the  largest  coastal  port operator  in  China  in  terms  of  shore power  electricity  supply  and  number of  berths.  In  2022,  six  sets  of  mobile shore power systems were deployed at YANTIAN,  covering  17  mega  berths that  provide  energy  for  the  world's largest  container  vessels.  From  2019 to  2022,  19,750  tons  of  carbon  dioxide emissions from vessels were reduced by adopting shore power supply.

<!-- image -->

## WATER AND WASTE MANAGEMENT

HPH Trust is committed to managing its environmental footprint throughout the value chain. Water and resource use are both identified as key inputs for its value chain activities; furthermore, they also directly correlate to water discharge and waste generation. Upstream and downstream activities related to water, such as withdrawal, consumption and discharge, as well as activities related to material sourcing, waste generation and recovery, are actively monitored by the T rust.

As a responsible business, the T rust ensures it has a holistic picture of the potential impacts its approach to water and waste-related risks and opportunities could have on its value chain and strategises mitigation actions accordingly. In addition to optimisations for efficient water use, HPH Trust is also dedicated to minimising waste generation from its operations and aims to extend material lifecycles as much as is feasible. Materials or resources that can't be repurposed or extended are recycled or properly disposed of through licensed contractors. In light of its effort in environmental protection through waste reduction and/or recycling, HIT was awarded the Wastewi$e Certificate (Excellence Level) in the Hong Kong Green Organisation Certification Scheme.

In 2022, there were no reported cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations regarding water discharge or waste handling. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain zero reported cases. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## Water

- HPH Trust places a high emphasis on effective management of water quality and efficiency by closely monitoring water consumption and discharge
- The  T rust  follows  all  regulatory  laws  and  guidelines  set  by  local authorities for the quality of effluent and water discharge. Its internal standards and procedures are set in line with such local requirements, including  the  Water  Pollution  Control  Ordinance  (CAP.  358)  as specified by the HKSAR Environmental Protection Department
- Water  is  mainly  consumed  in  building  premises,  washrooms  and equipment maintenance areas
- The Trust sources water from municipal supplies, which face relatively low water risk. However, the cost of water may increase in the long term in view of the increasing water stress at a global scale
- Sewage is generated by maintenance facilities and kitchens
- Discharging  untreated  sewage  may  pollute  the  surrounding environment and lead to fines due to non-compliance cases brought against the T rust
- The Trust carries out various measures to optimise and reduce water use, including performing maintenance on water supply pipelines as a precaution to prevent water leakage
- The  water  treatment  system  at  YANTIAN  collected  280  tonnes  of rainwater in 2022 for cleaning and irrigation use
- Underground oil interceptors collect effluent from the maintenance and  kitchen  areas  and  separate  oil  from  water.  The  oil  is  specially stored  and  is  periodically  collected  by  a  licensed  contractor.  The separated effluent from the kitchen areas is treated by a Dissolved Air Floatation system up to local discharge standard before it is directly discharged into the public piping systems
- In  line  with  the  T rust's  commitment  to  excellence,  water  use  data  is collected  periodically  and  reviewed  by  the  Environmental  Steering Committee of HIT and YANTIAN to ensure consumption reduction initiatives are well implemented

## Waste

- HPH Trust  supports  the  business  sector  in its  journey  towards  a  circular  economy.  As a first  step,  the  T rust  is  improving  its  waste management system by implementing sorting and classification for all waste produced
- Recyclable  non-hazardous  and  hazardous materials  include  rubber  tyres,  waste  oil, scrap metal, wire rope, oil rugs, waste wood and lead acid batteries
- If  not  handled  properly,  waste  can  cause environmental pollution and place a burden on landfill facilities
- Irresponsible or improper handling and management of waste can lead to fines due to  non-compliance  cases  brought  against the T rust
- To  mitigate  environmental  pollution,  HPH Trust appoints qualified companies to collect its  waste,  including  chemical  or  hazardous materials, to ensure they are handled properly
- In line with the Trust's  commitment  to excellence, waste generation data is collected  periodically  and  reviewed  by  the Environmental Steering Committee of HIT and YANTIAN to ensure its waste reduction initiatives are well implemented
- To  reduce  the  amount  of  waste  going  to landfill, HPH T rust adopts the 3R principles (Reducing, Repurposing and Recycling). Details are illustrated in page 62.

## Strategy

<!-- image -->

Uses and associated impacts

<!-- image -->

## Corresponding actions

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

To support the transition to a circular economy, HPH T rust adopts the 3R principles to ensure materials are repurposed as much as possible before they are recycled for reuse.

## REDUCING

## Reducing  the  amount  of  waste generated

Examples included:

- Bale  compressors  reduce  the volume of solid hazardous wastes
- Single-use plastic straw  have been eliminated in staff canteens, where feasible

<!-- image -->

## REPURPOSING

## Repurposing materials when possible

Examples included:

- To  enhance  children's  awareness  of  environmental  protection and  develop  their  creativity,  YANTIAN  organised  an  'online summer camp' for employees' children, which provided a series of  engaging  handicraft  competitions  and  an  exhibition,  and enabled the exchange of used books and stationery, to promote the importance of resources repurposing
- HIT organised a charity sales to collect good-quality unwanted items  from  staff  for  sale.  All  proceeds  are  being  donated  to Environmental  Association  and  the  unsold  items  are  being donated to the Salvation Army

## RECYCLING

## Diverting waste from landfill through recycling

Examples included:

- Waste materials, including paper, ink jet cartridges, metals  and  waste  oil,  are  sorted  and  collected  by licensed contractors for recycling
- HIT organised staff activities  such  as  recycling  of mooncake boxes and red packets

## BIODIVERSITY

Given that biodiversity foundationally supports the health of the earth, HPH T rust aims to avoid and minimise any adverse environmental impacts associated with its operations and development. Through proactive and regular environmental monitoring and implementation of initiatives, the T rust strives to continue to protect biodiversity.

As a port operator, the T rust aims to preserve the aquatic environment and stringently manages its environmental impact on the surrounding sea area by controlling air, light, noise and water pollution, while actively minimising waste generation, cultivating native plant species and protecting local biodiversity. T o achieve this, the T rust is committed to reducing the relevant nuisances, noise, continuous lighting, and waste and water pollutions, ensuring compliance with environmental regulations and standards, implementing biodiversity-related port measures as well as rolling out staff activities to enhance environmental awareness and employee engagement. During the year, there were no complaints from residents about local pollution (nuisances, noise, continuous lighting, and landscape aesthetics). In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain zero complaints. This also applies to HPH T rust in the medium term and in the long run.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Category  Initiatives T aken  Air  •  Installed and commissioned eRTGCs, and continuous enhancing eRTGC online rate 1  •  Deployed electric service vehicles and forklifts  •  Replaced conventional lights with more energy efficient LED varieties on cranes and yard  •  Launched an LNG truck project in 2009 to reduce emissions  •  Established shore power systems to reduce emissions  Light  •  Replaced conventional lights with LED varieties on cranes and in yards  •  Turned off the unnecessary lightings to control the overall brightness of the terminals especially at night time  Noise  •  Installed and commissioned eRTGCs, to reduce engine noise  •  Turned down the sound on the RTGC siren  Waste  •  Appointed qualified companies to collect waste for proper recycling and disposal treatment, to reduce the  chances of harming biodiversity through landfill  •  Adopted the 3R principles (Reducing, Repurposing and Recycling) with details illustrated in page 62  Water  •  Installed oil interceptors at maintenance areas to prevent direct discharge of waste oil to the sewer  •  Pre-treated kitchen effluent before discharging it into the public sewer  •  Cleaned up the ocean to protect the sea environment  •  Established shore power systems to reduce vessel's pollution to sea water  Trees and plants  •  Planted diverse species of native trees and plants to support biodiversity  •  In 2022, HIT planted over 110 saplings to preserve the environment   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The percentage of operations powered by electricity rather than the traditional fuel for eRTGC fleet.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In  2022,  HIT  and  YANTIAN  organised  staff  activities  to  increase  knowledge  of  environmental  issues  and  awareness  of  the  impacts  of biodiversity. Activities included joining the World Wide Fund for Nature's 2022 Earth Hour initiative, providing quarterly email communications on environmental tips, and undertaking coastal clean-up activities at Lung Ha Wan. Other activities included running charity sales to collect good-quality unwanted items from staff for sale; organising the recycling of mooncake boxes and red packets; donating used computers to  schools  in  south-west  China's  Y unnan  provinces;  conducting waste sorting games for colleagues and their families; organising a mini pot planting workshop; and holding a tree-planting event. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to further enhance the environment at the terminals and protect biodiversity around with appropriate initiatives. This aim also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## East Port Biodiversity and Community Assessments

Pursuant to the joint venture agreement signed with Shenzhen Y antian Port Group Company Limited in June 2021, YANTIAN is set to extend its capacity to develop East Port Phase I.  With an approximate size of 120 hectares located in the eastern side of YANTIAN, East Port Phase I is proposed to be a greenfield-automated terminal with three container berths.

Safeguarding biodiversity and minimising impact to community are two important objectives in this development project to both YANTIAN and the Shenzhen government.  During 2022, YANTIAN conducted thorough assessments on the impact of developing East Port Phase I on biodiversity and the surrounding community.  The biodiversity assessment covered various areas for both the construction period and the port operation, such as impact on the ocean and marine ecosystem and animals species and plants on the land to be developed, and measures towards air, noise and waste pollution.  Meanwhile, the community assessment covered various topics on social, economic and environmental. Public consultation was also conducted during the assessments.

After completion of the aforementioned assessments and various other approvals and/or process requested by governmental authorities, in August 2022, YANTIAN East Port Phase I development project achieved major milestone by getting official environmental impact assessment and project approval from the Shenzhen Municipal Ecology and Environmental Bureau and Shenzhen Municipal Development and Reform Commission respectively.   YANTIAN is determined to minimise any adverse environmental and community impacts associated with the East Port Phase I development, and details of the green initiatives to be applied in East Port Phase I is fully underway and will be unfolded in the near future.

## GOING FORWARD

The Trust is fully committed to protecting the environment and building climate resilience across the entire organisation. As the impacts of climate change are becoming more evident around the world, stakeholders' expectations for climate action will steadily increase. HPH T rust will continue to integrate environment and climate aspects into its business strategy and decision frameworks to best mitigate risks and capture opportunities.

HPH Trust  will  focus  on  reaching  its  target  to  reduce  overall  emissions  intensity  by  5%  by  2026,  compared  with  the  2021 level.  Emissions  intensity  in  2022  was  17%  lower  than  in  2021,  creating  optimism  that  this  is  possible.  The  T rust  will  continue  its environmental monitoring and oil spill prevention exercises for the benefit of biodiversity in surrounding areas.

## OUR PEOPLE

HPH Trust strives to be a leader in the port industry through its dedication to being a people-oriented employer. It empowers people through investment in knowledge, well-being, equal opportunities and decent work.  It also pursues best employment practices that ensure employees can be their best selves, achieve their best work, and grow professionally and personally.

## WHY IT MATTERS

Port operation is a labour-intensive industry  that  requires  skilled,  engaged  and committed  employees.  It  is  fundamental that  HPH T rust provides its workforce with the  knowledge,  opportunities  and  working environment  that  are required for all stakeholders to expand their capabilities and navigate future challenges.

## HOW HPH TRUST RESPONDS

The  Trust  constantly  strives  to  strengthen its  workforce  through  engagement  and well-being  initiatives,  training  programmes and  fair  employment  practices.  The  T rust assesses,  manages  and  prevents  potential employment  risks  within  its  operations  by implementing robust management systems, maintaining  high  standards  and  enhancing its ways of working.

<!-- image -->

Policies and procedures to protect the T rust's employees are rooted in the everyday running of operations. The Employment and Workplace Policy,  Code of Conduct 1 and  Human Rights Policy 2 provide  a  framework for safeguarding HPH T rust's employees and external contractor workers, creating an environment where workforce is treated fairly and equally. The HR departments are responsible to ensure that all actions are consistent with international labour standards, applicable laws and regulations, and HPH T rust's policies. Additionally, the T rust maintains that all employees have a duty to uphold the T rust's high standards.

Management  delivered  iced  herbal  tea  to workers on the 'Great Heat' day.

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND WELL-BEING

Port operations are labour intensive and it is essential that the business fosters employees' sense of cohesiveness and belonging. T o promote awareness of wellbeing, HPH Trust has signed  the  Mental  Health  Workplace  Charter  initiated  by  the  Department  of  Health,  the Labour Department and the Occupational Safety and Health Council in Hong Kong. The Trust also builds employee wellness and engagement through organising and rolling out its activities and initiatives.

In  the  reporting  year,  both  HIT  and  YANTIAN  committed  to  Hutchison  Port's  global BEWELL  campaign  that  prioritised  employees'  emotional  and  physical  well-being.  The Trust  also  provided  a  support  system  for  employees  during  the  ongoing  pandemic.  For YANTIAN, this included a review and upgrade of the annual health check programme and group medical insurance scheme. From 2022, all YANTIAN staff now receive health checks once a year rather than every two years. The hospitalisation allowance has also been increased and supplementary medical insurance for major diseases will be renewed annually. At HIT, the company arranged health talks, basic health assessments and BMI challenges with over 500 participants to raise awareness of health management.

The Trust's core values centre on 'UNITY' (unrivalled standards, network strength, informed decisions, trusted and honest, your partners). We instill  this  ethos  to  create  employees'  senses  of  belonging  and  inclusivity.  HPH  T rust  makes  sure  to  celebrate  different  festivals  with  its employees. In 2022, YANTIAN management hosted an online gathering to celebrate Chinese New Y ear, inviting all employees to receive a wellness gift, such as a neck massager or foot bath, and enter a lucky draw with over 800 prizes. Meanwhile, HIT hosted a series of festivities with an overall 1,464 attendance of employees, including Lantern Festival, Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Mid-Autumn Festival and Winter Solstice.

1   For details regarding the HPH T rust Code of Conduct, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html.

2   For details regarding the HPH T rust Human Rights Policy, please refer to https://www.hphtrust.com/sustainability\_policies.html.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As the T rust values ongoing team building, staff engagement does not halt during the busy peak months. In May, ahead of peak season, a YANTIAN project team was formed to plan a caring scheme for frontline staff in the peak summer months. Starting in June, management took part in a series of frontline visits to deliver refreshments to workers daily during the hot summer months. Additionally, between July and August, over 99% YANTIAN employees and external contractor workers took part in various team activities, such as dance video, and received gifts including energising food and sports towel. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to build various employee wellness programmes to foster employees' sense of cohesiveness and belonging. This aim also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## CASE STUDY: SHOWING SUPPORT FOR THE GLOBAL BEWELL CAMPAIGN

In the reporting year, HPH T rust showed its commitment to the BEWELL campaign. This campaign was first  launched by Hutchison Ports across its international network in 2021. HIT and YANTIAN organised  different  activities  and  learning  opportunities  to  encourage  staff  to  embrace  a  healthy lifestyle, take care of themselves and express gratitude to colleagues.

## Raising awareness of a healthy lifestyle

<!-- image -->

- HIT  organised  'Trio  of  Health'  a  series  of  activities  and  talks between  June  and  August  2022  aimed  at  encouraging  staff  to adopt a healthy lifestyle and diet.
- 178  YANTIAN  colleagues  had  completed  the  health  awareness e-Learning course held in February 2022.
- HIT  organised  the  'HIT  the  Trail Together' activity to promote employee  well-being  while  raising funds  for  Food  Angel,  a  non-profit organisation. More than 190 employees participated in the activity, collectively walking  over  41  million  steps  in  14 days  to  raise  HK$148,000  to  provide nutritional meals to the needy.

## Building a foundation of well-being knowledge

- 183  HIT  colleagues  completed  e-Learning  courses and  took  part  in  webinars  held  during  the  period from  December  2021  to  February  2022  discussing the  science  of  happiness,  mindfulness  practices, stress  reduction  and  how to enhance confidence at work.
- YANTIAN  introduced the 'Wonderful Life Experience' in which colleagues shared their positive feelings and life experiences with each other.

## Learning to reflect and practise gratitude

- HPH Trust employees were encouraged to post a 'thank you' note on a virtual notice board to express their appreciation and gratitude to others.
- At  YANTIAN,  colleagues  were  invited  to  enjoy  the  benefits  of  connectivity  by  completing exercises in groups focusing on the five love languages.

Feedback is valuable to us, and employee insights were gathered on BEWELL to further strengthen the Trust's  supportive and positive working environment in the future. Feedback was very positive, and participants demonstrated a desire to practice what they had learnt in their personal lives and daily work.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## KNOWLEDGE EMPOWERMENT

The Trust's sustainable growth is made possible with a committed workforce equipped with the necessary skills to tackle current and future challenges  head  on.  The  T rust  prioritises  training  and  personal  development  by  offering  comprehensive  learning  and  development opportunities in four main categories: orientation, compliance, technical and leadership.

| HPH Trust's position on learning and development  Orientation  Encourages confidence from the start and helps new employees to adapt faster and perform their jobs to a  high standard.  Compliance  Protects HPH T rust's values, policies and commitment to the law. Helps employees to flourish as they  understand their responsibilities. See pages 48-49 for AFAB-related training.  Technical and Safety  Equips employees with the necessary knowledge and hard skills to facilitate growth, accomplish company  goals, and more importantly to prevent accidents and workplace injuries.  Leadership  Empowers employees to succeed in challenging situations and implement effective business strategies.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

HR departments manage all employees' training opportunities. The Staff Handbook and training policies provide guiding principles in offering job-related training and educational provisions to the employees. T o ensure training is valuable and effective, the T rust regularly conducts training-needs analysis. This identifies the development needs of its employees to enable them to perform their jobs to a high standard in a changing work environment.

Additionally,  all  employees  are  required  to  conduct  performance  review  twice  a  year  to  support  personal  career  development  and  enable the T rust  to  better  understand their needs and concerns. The performance review includes several important components such as appraisal criterion,  appraisal  interview,  performance improvement plans, career development and training plans. Clear communication of expectations and  feedback  is  crucial  for  understanding  strengths  and  improvement  areas  for  all  staff.  In  2022,  100%  of  full-time  employees  received performance and career development review. In the coming year, HPH T rust targets to maintain 100% completion of performance and career development review of full-time employees. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

In  the  reporting  year,  the  T rust  continued  to  drive  programmes  and  initiatives  for  upgrading  employee  skills.  HIT  organised  a  series  of 'Manager Essentials' training sessions focused on teamwork and performance management for managers. YANTIAN conducted a series of 'sandplay' courses to enhance leadership and problem-solving skills, and encourage staff to practically apply their learned skills. Soft skills are an important component of professional growth and YANTIAN provided employees with online training including becoming assertive in a complex working environment.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Sustainability T rainings at HPH T rust

To foster a culture of sustainability within HPH T rust and to support its management and employees in its sustainability journey, HPH T rust strived to provide various trainings and courses to its board of directors, management, and employees.

At Board level, the T rustee-Manager arranged and provided continuous professional development training to its Directors.  For instance, during the reporting year, the T rustee-Manager provided sustainability trainings to its directors prescribed by SGX-ST.  All directors attended one of the eight sustainability courses offered, for example, the Sustainability E- T raining for Directors provided by the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants, the ESG-Environmental, Social and Governance Essentials delivered by the Singapore Institute of Directors, and the CambridgeEoB  Online  Sustainability  Programme  for  Directors  in  Singapore  provided  by  the  University  of  Cambridge  Institute  for  Sustainability Leadership (in partnership with Earth On Board).

Besides, HPH T rust also encouraged its relevant colleagues to obtain better understanding on the latest trend on climate change.  It offered the  sectoral  workshop  (T ransportation)  in  the  SGX-GCNS  Workshop  on  T ask  Force  on  Climate-Related  Financial  Disclosures  (TCFD) coordinated by SGX and Global Compact Network Singapore, which covered climate-related risks and opportunities and guidance that are unique and tailored specifically to the industry of HPH T rust.

HPH Trust also encouraged relevant colleagues to participate in the Global Connect Summit 'Sustainability: Building A Smart And Sustainable Port'  organised  by  Hutchison  Ports  to  gain  insights  from  external  and  internal  thought  leaders  and  to  raise  employees'  awareness  on sustainability.    T wo  sessions  with  various  virtual  seminars  and  talks  were  held  in  June  and  November,  which  covered  various  topics  including sustainability  financing,  climate  change,  measuring  GHG emissions through scope categorisation, emerging green technologies and social influence in the community. This serves to encourage employees to contribute in shaping a green future.

Besides trainings, HPH T rust also raised staff awareness on sustainability through various activities.  For instance, HIT used a card game on SDGs, simulating the world by 2030 with an aim to explore ways to create a prosperous, fair and sustainable world, as a team building activity for  the  LINK Committee. T o celebrate World Book Day and to raise awareness on sustainability, YANTIAN organised quiz competition to employees and workers featuring questions on various sustainability topics including green environmental protection, biodiversity and mental well-being.

## Other Skills Development Programmes at HPH Trust

<!-- image -->

| YANTIAN's development initiative to  enhance the leadership and management  skills of second-tier frontline supervisors.  Enriches employees with cross-functional  skills as they experience job roles across  different sectors and geographical  locations.  Enhances the development of internal  trainers and ultimately improves the  collective wisdom of HPH T rust.  YANTIAN carried out the programme  in May. So far, 17 attendees have  passed the certification examination  and designed 36 online courses.  Helmsman Programme  Job Rotation  ## Online Trainer Programme   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES AND LABOUR RIGHTS

It  is  the  T rust's  aim  to  provide  equal  opportunities  and promote human rights within its workplace and the communities in which it operates. By implementing stringent standards for human and labour rights, the T rust fulfils its obligation to provide a decent and fair workplace for its internal and external workforce. With a large external contractor workforce, the T rust ensures its business partners and suppliers uphold these principles and urges them adopt similar policies within their own businesses.

The Trust's Employment and Work Place Policy defines common policies on human resources practices. It represents the basis for all other human resources policies, procedures and guidelines. Such policies and guidelines can be found in the Staff Handbook, accessible through the company's intranet and PORT able (a mobile app for staff).

In  recent  years,  HPH T rust has shifted its focus to emerging best practices for sustainable development, including the promotion of human rights.  The group-wide Human Rights Policy is guided by international human rights principles encompassed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Bill of Human Rights and the International Labour Organisation's 1998 Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The Trust also draws from the international human rights principles under the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. The Modern Slavery and Human T rafficking Statement demonstrates the T rust's commitment to a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery and human trafficking. HIT and YANTIAN do not pose a significant risk for incidents of child or forced labour, and can continue to attest that there is no slavery or human trafficking in any part of their operations. During 2022, there were no reported cases of labour rights violations or non-compliance with labour laws or regulations and zero reported cases for child or forced labour. In the coming year, HPH T rust will aim to maintain its record of zero reported cases. This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

The Trust is committed to assessing, managing and preventing employment practices and labour rights risks within its operations and supply chains. In addition to regular audits, HR departments are responsible for ensuring that such risks are managed adequately and that all actions are consistent with the T rust's policies, procedures and standards. Moreover, external audits are conducted annually by an independent third party and cover the T rust's policies, procedures, AFAB and other relevant risk controls.

## HPH TRUST'S POSITION ON FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING

The  Trust  respects  its  employees'  right  to  join  or  form  a  labour  union  without  fear  of  reprisal,  intimidation  or  harassment.  Where employees are represented by a legally recognised union, HPH T rust is committed to establishing a constructive dialogue with their chosen representatives and to bargaining in good faith with such representatives.

Currently, 100% of local staff at YANTIAN are covered by collective negotiation. In the last quarter of each year, YANTIAN takes part in the collective bargaining process with union representatives. Collective bargaining agreements are not applicable to HIT as there is no collective negotiation process with staff or union representatives.

The Trust  promotes  equitable  employment  practices  during  the  recruitment  process.  It  attracts  potential  candidates  through  recruitment channels  such  as  external  job  boards,  a  staff  referral  programme,  university  and  government-organised  job  fairs,  and  summer  internship programmes. HIT also places internal job bid positions on PORT able, which provides staff with career advancement opportunities and has attracted more applications and referrals from internal staff alongside the referral bonus scheme. HIT joined the work learning assessment of the Vocational T raining Council and implemented the 'earn-and-learn' scheme to attract young talent and build a strong talent pool.

To attract talent and enhance employee retention rates, HPH T rust continues to review and improve its remuneration and benefits packages. The Trust offers competitive remuneration packages and benefits to employees according to their category, local regulatory requirements and market practices. Appropriate fringe benefits are also provided to applicable employee groups; for example, health insurance is offered to fulltime HPH Trust employees. On the other hand, HIT offers other well-being perks to full- and part-time employees, including access to the sports centre and different sports facilities.

The Trust believes that it is important to understand and evaluate its approach to human resources management through tracking voluntary employee turnover and conducting interviews on why people leave the T rust. In 2022, the overall turnover rate was 7.7% 1 ,  this  has  increased compared to 7.2% in 2021.

1 The percentages presented represent the number of new hires/employee turnover in each category divided by the total number of employees in the respective categories.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

HPH Trust values the diversity and inclusion of the individuals with whom it works and is intent on providing equal opportunity to all employees. It strives for a positive work environment that is free from all forms of discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, creed, religion, age, disability,  title  or  sexual  preference.  Such  a  workplace  is  key  to  sustainable  development  and  fosters  individual  growth  to  ultimately  achieve business goals.

Under its Human Rights Policy, the T rust commits to equality, diversity and inclusion, while the Code of Conduct sets standards and outlines procedures  for  employees  to  follow  within  the  workplace.  HPH  T rust  does  not  tolerate  any  form  of  discrimination  or  harassment  from employees, customers or suppliers. Individuals who believe they have been subjected to discrimination or harassment are encouraged to report the incident immediately to their supervisors and respective HR departments. It upholds that all complaints will be promptly and thoroughly investigated. Employees can raise concerns without fear of reprisal and offenders will be subject to severe disciplinary action, including possible termination of employment. In the coming year, the T rust will aim to maintain compliance with laws and regulations relating to workplace discrimination. This also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

The Trust aims to incorporate different perspectives into its business by recruiting a range of people, regardless of age, ethnic origin and gender. Gender imbalance is inherent in the port industry and the operational workforces for both HIT and YANTIAN are predominantly male. Through technology, innovation and digitalisation, HPH T rust commits to create equal opportunities that address gender imbalance. For  example,  remote-control  automated  technology  for  crane  operations,  allows  the  increased  training  and  recruitment  of  more  female equipment operators within a traditionally male-dominated field, and HPH T rust strives to attract women workforce for operations team in the long run. Similarly, the T rust promotes equal opportunities and diversity at management level, and approximately one fourth of the middle and senior management are female.

## GOING FORWARD

The Trust will continue to devise new well-being and engagement initiatives to improve employees' physical and mental health. New interactive  learning  opportunities  are  a  priority  for  developing  employees'  skills  and  knowledge.  The  company  will  also continue reviewing and evolving its recruitment processes to align with international best practice.

HPH Trust looks forward to maintaining its standards of zero reported cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to employee well-being, safety, employment practices, labour rights and workplace discrimination.

## SAFETY AND SECURITY

Employees' safety and security remains HPH T rust's top priority. Given the nature of work and the presence of heavy machinery (such as quay cranes and yard cranes), heavy loaded tractors, container boxes and hazardous materials at container terminals, HPH T rust's employees, external contractor workers, and port users could be exposed to certain safety hazards. These hazards are prevalent within HIT and YANTIAN's operations. HPH T rust undertakes reviews of potential hazards through regular, internal safety inspections and audits. The Safety and Health Committees at both HIT and YANTIAN are represented by senior executives and frontline supervisors. They conduct assessments on any potential hazards, and review and implement actions to handle them. Through a hierarchy of controls, the T rust always prioritises eliminating hazards above all else. For instance, traffic incidents have the potential to cause high-consequence injuries given the large machinery and industrial vehicles working in the ports. As a result, the T rust placed controls to restrict personal vehicle and pedestrian access in certain highvolume areas to eliminate such incidents from occuring.

The innovative mindset of HPH T rust has fundamentally changed operations to minimise negative health and safety risks. Digitalisation efforts and cutting-edge, new technologies continue to provide a safer work environment for workers by preventing critical incidents such as data leaks and cyber-security issues. The T rust remains committed to enacting the proper safeguards, standards, policies and procedures to mitigate physical and virtual risks.

## WHY IT MATTERS

Cyber-security threats and confidential data leaks  may  result  in  reputational  damage, fines  and  financial  loss,  and  loss  of  trust from stakeholders.

On-site  accidents  from  underlying  health and safety hazards may lead to injuries and damage to the wellbeing of workers and the communities in which HPH T rust operates.

Safety and security therefore remain foundational aspects at HPH T rust, allaying negative impacts that affect stakeholders or hinder business operations.

<!-- image -->

The Trust upholds high standards for health, safety and data security. HIT and YANTIAN obtained their ISO 27001 Information Security Management certifications, and HIT also obtained the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Certification. The Safety and Health Policy and Safety Management Plan set out the T rust's strategy to provide safe and healthy working conditions. The aim of the policy is to prevent work-related injuries or ill  health,  and  conduct  business  activities  that  will  not  compromise  human  safety  or  health.  Additionally,  the  T rust's Incident Response Playbook aims to provide a consistent strategy and approach to recover terminal operations from an emergency or disaster.

## HOW HPH TRUST RESPONDS

The  Trust  works  diligently  to  minimise the  potential  risks  to  health  and  safety.  In addition  to  robust  safety  standards  and policies,  a  health  and  safety  management system  ensures  relevant  stakeholders  are well  informed  and  the  company's  safety performance and awareness are continually enhanced.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## HEALTH AND SAFETY FRAMEWORK

<!-- image -->

## OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY

Employees will always be the greatest asset of HPT T rust; without their hard work and dedication, the T rust would not be able to achieve its goals and create value for its stakeholders. The T rust follows and enacts its Safety and Health Policy and Safety Management Plan to safeguard employees' health and provide a safe work environment. These policies address possible on-site risks and prevent work-related injuries or ill health, and ensure operations never compromise human safety or health.

HIT and YANTIAN ensure that their employees and external contractor workers understand the occupational health and safety standards and systems in place. Employees can refuse to work in unsafe or unhealthy environments that endanger their personal safety, as well as evacuate a workspace after taking emergency measures. HPH T rust strictly prohibits dismissal due to employees providing evidence and information in any proceedings or inquiries related to work accidents and work safety regulations.

The Trust continually reviews the work conducted daily at its port terminals and follows international best practices in occupational health and safety to protect stakeholders' interests. YANTIAN was certified with the Grade 1 Standardization in Safety Production Certification issued by the Ministry of T ransport of the People's Republic of China. 'Occupational Health' and 'Safety Management' are the most important assessment indicators in this certification. HIT was certified with ISO 45001:2018, the world's first international standard for Occupational Health and Safety Management System ('OHSMS'). The OHSMS at HIT is aligned with stringent standards specifically designed for work environments similar to port terminals, namely the the Factories and Industrial Undertakings (Safety Management) Regulation. T o ensure the effectiveness of the OHSMS, HIT employed a team of professional Registered Safety Officers and Registered Safety Auditors to monitor the implementation of the OHSMS. Moreover, the OHSMS is audited annually by External Registered Safety Auditors and International Registered Certified Auditors. HIT's OHSMS protects interest of various stakeholders, including external contractor workers, self-employed persons, suppliers, customers and agency workers.

With ongoing monitoring, HIT seeks affirmation that all safety precautions are properly implemented and utilised as designed. Meetings and committees are arranged on a regular basis to ensure the effectiveness of safety and control measures. These include weekly Operations Managers  meetings,  monthly  Safety  and  Health  Committee  meetings,  quarterly  Safety  and  Health  Steering  Committee  meetings,  and quarterly Safety and Security meetings at HPH T rust level.

<!-- image -->

The  Trust  takes  pride  in  its  innovation  and  efficiency  mindset  that  extends  throughout  its operations. A clear demonstration of this commendable thinking is the HIT's reinforcement support  wire  attached  to  RMGCs.  This  is  an  innovative  safety  design  which  blocks  the containers from falling onto the yards, avoiding a potentially significant safety risk.

<!-- image -->

## FOLLOW-UP ON ACCIDENTAL FATAL CASE IN 2021

Regretfully, there was one fatality involving an external contractor worker at YANTIAN in  2021.  An  investigation  found  the  fatality  was  accidental,  and  unrelated  to  any  noncompliance of HPH T rust to its safety procedures and local regulations.

While  the  accident  was  purely  accidental,  the  Trust  further  improved  its  safety management and promote safety awareness to prevent re-occurrence of similar events, including: -

- improving traffic signs, road markings and intersection visibility to benefit drivers and pedestrians
- rezoning  specific  port-area  usage  to  better  regulate  traffic  flow  and  designate specific vehicle exit points
- installing  CCTVs  at  especially  busy  intersections  to  monitor  and  strictly  enforce driver traffic infractions.

After such improvements, there was no employee or external contractor worker fatalities arising out of or in the course of work at HIT or YANTIAN in 2022.

Zero  fatalities  must  always  be  the  target that  the  T rust  dedicates  its  full  efforts  to achieve  for  the  coming  year,  medium  and long  term.  At  the  same  time,  HPH  T rust strives  to  reduce  and  minimise  number  of injuries  and  occupational  disease  for  both employees and external contractor workers. Both HIT and YANTIAN assess all relevant departments at the end of each year against accident  indicators,  safety  and  hygiene metrics,  and  several  different  inspections. If any department  is not performing up  to  stringent  expectations  across  any category, the T rust is promptly notified, and appropriate follow-up actions are taken.

In  2022,  there  was  zero  employee  or external  contractor  worker  fatalities  arising out of or in the course of work at HIT and YANTIAN.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

<!-- image -->

HPH Trust continues to invest in and enhance its automated and remote operations technology. These  not  only  increase  productivity  but  also  reduce  the  overall  incident  rate  involving  RTGC operations. Remote-controlled crane fleets deliver far-reaching benefits, including a better working environment  for  crane  operators,  enhanced  occupational  safety  and  health,  improved  yard productivity and greater competitiveness.

## Remote control to enhance industry safety

- All remote crane operators have to receive proper training and obtain a licence for operating remotecontrolled cranes.
- The cabin and spreader in each remote-controlled crane are equipped with more than 20 monitoring cameras  and  more  than  30  sensors  to  improve visibility and handling precision during operations.
- Crane  operators  use  real-time  video  in  Remote Operation Centres to load and unload containers.
- No injuries  from  accidents  have  been  caused  by the remote RTGC since its introduction in 2018.

## Load Positioning System - Magic Eye

Developed  in  Japan,  the  Magic  Eye  system  is  specially  designed  for  RTGCs  and  automated container stacking systems. With the Magic Eye, cranes with remote-controlled function can ground and stack containers accurately and neatly.

- The  Magic  Eye  system  consists  of  two  cameras  ('mark'  and  'laser'  cameras),  a  laser  light source,  an  infrared-ray  LED  light,  an  operating  system  and  communication  equipment.

When  the  spreader  lowers  a  container,  the  Magic  Eye  detects  reference  markers  on  the ground (when grounding a container) or the corners of grounded containers (when stacking containers). The Magic Eye then collects and sends data to the central computer system, which then controls the cranes and the movement of spreaders to accurately lower the containers.

The following examples are the major port-specific training and initiatives delivered to workers to enhance their awareness on workplace health and safety:

- worker  safety  awareness  during  general  introductions  and  high-risk,  work-specific  training  (for  example,  for  crane  operators)  with examinations before receiving a work assignment. A safety handbook and standard operating procedures were also distributed. The safety team also hosted knowledge-sharing sessions during monthly meetings with subsequent company representatives
- for  hazard  identification,  safety  risk  assessment  for  high-risk  activities  (for  example,  RTGC  operations,  QC  lift  maintenance,  crane structure inspection) with corresponding work procedures laid down and residual risks measured
- licenses are pre-requisite for workers operating container handling equipment at the terminals. HPH T rust maintains a worker database and their license details to keep track of the licences' validity periods
- follow-up guidance after an incident on working premises. Safety refresher training will be delivered to employees and external contractor workers to reinforce safety requirements

<!-- image -->

## KEY HEALTH AND SAFETY INITIATIVES IN 2022

## HIT

Invited  a  local  non-government  organisation  partner,  being Kwai T sing Safe Community and Healthy City Association, to provide  a  health  seminar.  Basic  health  check-ups  were  made available to all employees.

HIT launched a Safety Month in July, promoting the prevention of tripping and slipping accidents. Please refer to page 76 for details.

Besides,  HIT  also  launched  videos  series  with  quizzes  and prizes,  of  which  the  videos  detailed  accidents  and  fatal  cases that have occurred in port terminals and the mitigating actions  . These include:

- ground staff struck by a front-loader
- a quay-side checker struck by a tractor
- a stevedore falling from a vessel during lashing work
- a stevedore being killed by a container that fell from a vessel
- a stevedore falling from a vessel when stepping on top of a spreader

The  videos  were  broadcasted  in  prominent  locations  on  the pier for employees and external contractors' awareness. Besides, HIT  launched a quiz on stevedore fatality, over 370 employees and  external  contractor  workers  participated  with  more  than 94% getting full marks.

<!-- image -->

To promote well-being awareness, HPH  Trust  signed  the  Mental Health Workplace Charter initiated  by  the  Department  of Health,  the  Labour  Department and the Occupational Safety and Health  Council  in  Hong  Kong. HIT also organised mental health workshops  to  raise  employees' awareness  on  the  importance  of mental well-being.

Continually  promoted  employee  and  contractor  safety awareness  through  mandatory  training  modules  from  general induction to port-specialised training, such as crane operations. Employees and contractors were also given examinations and work assignments to ensure they had a clear understanding.

## YANTIAN

Developed  the  'Y antian  International  Safety  Education  and Training System', which stipulates mandatory training times and several forms of port-specific safety education.

Launched  a  series  of  physical  classroom  training  and  online safety  courses  and  learning  materials  through  its  mobile application  for  training  and  development  of  employees  and contract workers.

<!-- image -->

Taking a holistic approach to health and safety, YANTIAN set up a dedicated departmental Safety Production Management Committee to coordinate YANTIAN's safety risk classification management  and  control  matters.  It  also  formulated  and implemented  various  systems  and  measures  to  coordinate and monitor the safety performance, ensuring its compliance with  relevant  laws  and  regulations.  This  includes  the  Y antian International  Accident  Reporting  and  Investigation  Measures, the Y antian  International  Safety  Production  Work Conference System, and the Y antian International Security Risk Hierarchical Control System.

In  2022,  there  were  approximately  11,500  participations  by employees  and  external  contractor  workers  in  YANTIAN's safety training and education programmes.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

To  reinforce  the  continuous  improvement culture, HIT's  'CHANGE'  programme is  an  effective  feedback  mechanism  to encourage  staff  and  external  contractor workers  to  contribute  feasible  suggestions or  recommendations  for  improving  business practices. In 2022, one staff  member received  an  award  for  his  suggestions  on adjusting  the  positioning  of  idling  cranes  to enhance yard traffic safety. HIT will continue this  'CHANGE'  programme  in  2023  to proactively seek constructive feedback.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In  July,  over  200  employees  and  external  contractors participated  in  HIT's  Safety  Month  that  promoted  the prevention  of  tripping  and  slipping  accidents.  Event activities included indoor and outdoor workplace inspections,  safety  exhibitions,  game  booths  and  lucky draws.

In  addition  to  this  HIT's  Safety  Month,  to  raise  safety awareness,  HIT  also  launched  an  online  quiz,  tailoring questions to remind and educate employees and external contractors  of  ways  to  reduce  serious  injuries  from  trips and  slips  in  the  workplace.  Over  330  employees  and external  contractors  participated  in  the  quiz,  with  more than 75% receiving full marks.

## SAFETY RISK MANAGEMENT

To prioritise the health and safety of its workforce, the T rust implements a robust management system with rigorous oversight from management.

<!-- image -->

HPH Trust continuously reviews potential health and safety risks related to port operations to eliminate relevant impacts on its staff members, external contractor workers and terminal users. The T rust's Incident Response Playbook provides clear and consistent guidelines to ensure quick recovery of terminal operations from an emergency or disaster in the safest possible manner. Meanwhile, HIT obtained the ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety certification, demonstrating their high commitment to incorporating health and safety consideration into management approaches and preventive measures.

In the event of an incident, the Crisis Management T eam is responsible for handling the situation and resuming operations as safely and quickly as possible. The Crisis Management T eam is guided by our Business Continuity Management plan, which was established in accordance with ISO 22301. The plan stipulates specific responses and recovery actions to be co-ordinated.

In terms of risk identification and assessment, at the operational level, department and section managers are responsible for ensuring that risk assessment programmes are developed for all routine and non-routine activities. The Safety and Security department provides advice and guidance as necessary. For more comprehensive or high-impact risk assessment programmes, Safety and Security department from HIT and YANTIAN solicit expert opinions of relevant professors from their respective local universities. At HIT, risk assessments are also conducted in accordance with the guidebook from the Hong Kong Labour Department and the requirements of ISO 45001.

To coordinate the unique safety risk management needs of YANTIAN, the T rust developed a Production Safety Accident Emergency Plan. This plan manages response procedures in various emergency situations and clearly lays out the responsibilities of personnel at all department levels in the case of different emergency scenarios. In 2022, the Production Safety Accident Emergency Plan was updated to include greater comprehensive details for nine different emergency situations.

The following illustrates some examples on safety risk management initiatives at YANTIAN:

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

<!-- image -->

To ensure employees were adequately prepared and familiar with emergency responses during crisis situations. In 2022, HIT conducted 62 drills in total:

- 24 fire fighting drills: Security teams conducted an exercise using on-site fire-fighting equipment
- 24 emergency rescue equipment drills: Security teams practiced using first-aid equipment
- 2 LPG leakage drills: Simulation of an LPG container leak scenario
- 9 fire evacuation drills: Workers evacuated from offices or different workplaces and observed the efficiency and effectiveness of the drill
- Additionally,  HPH  T rust  arranged  2  drills  with  the  Hong  Kong  Fire  Service  Department  and Hong Kong Police Force on 14 and 27 October respectively. The joint exercises allowed both departments  to  test  and  enhance  workers'  co-ordination  and  establish  swift  and  effective responses from government authorities during an emergency
- 1 cyber security drill

Likewise, YANTIAN conducted 41 drills simulating different emergency situations, to improve teams' emergency response capabilities. The drills conducted were:

- 6 emergency drills for dangerous goods in the port area
- 9 fire drills for every building in the port area
- 9 special equipment emergency drills
- 4 emergency drills for oil and gas stations in the port area
- 3 emergency drills for bad weather (e.g. typhoon, rainstorm)
- 9 emergency drills on other areas including COVID-19 response plan.
- 1 cyber security drill

<!-- image -->

During the reporting year, there were no reported incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services. In the coming year, HPH T rust aims to maintain its record of zero reported cases of non-compliance. This target also applies to HPH Trust in medium term and in the long run.

## IT SYSTEM AND DATA SECURITY

HPH Trust continues to innovate and integrate  new  technologies  into  daily  operations,  combatting  the  increasing  risks  of  cyber-security dangers.  Such  efforts  mitigate  negative  impacts  such  as  prolonged  cessation  of  operations  and  reputational  loss.  The  T rust  focuses  on protecting its critical IT systems and networks from potential cyber-attacks and securing the confidentiality of all business and customer data. The Trust aims to prevent critical IT infrastructure from being compromised leading to the loss of or unauthorised access to any data or sensitive information.

The Trust upholds high standards for data security and have implemented policies and guidelines in compliance with local laws and regulations and in line with industry best practice. HIT and YANTIAN obtained ISO 27001 Information Security Management certification and conducted an annual external audit in 2022.

Policies  and  guidelines,  such  as  the  Information  Security  Policy,  Operational  T echnology  Policy  and  Code  of  Conduct  are  implemented to align with best industry practice, as well as to comply with local laws and regulations. They outline the procedures for employees, partners and suppliers to follow to keep IT infrastructure and customer data secure. HPH T rust ensures effective implementation and management of cyber security by conducting annual data recovery tests and regular internal and external audits.

The business is enhanced by digital protection capabilities with multi-layered security strategies. Collaborations with local law enforcement agencies to conduct information security incident drills increase employee awareness and reinforce company responses to potential cyber security incidents. Moreover, HIT also conducted a phishing simulation and awareness training to reduce susceptibility to common forms of cyber-attack. HIT and YANTIAN organised cyber security drills to increase employee awareness and capabilities when responding to privacy issues and cyber security emergencies.

The Trust has also made provisions for possible breaches to operational technologies. HIT expanded its cyber security protocols to cover remote-controlled cranes, with the application of the International Electrotechnical Commission ('IEC') 62443 standard. 1

As a result of such preventive measures, there were no reported cases of unauthorised data leakage or compromised IT infrastructure in 2022. In the coming year, HPH T rust aims to maintain its record of zero reported cases of non-compliance. This target also applies to HPH T rust in medium term and in the long run.

## GOING FORWARD

The  proper  management  and  mitigation  of  safety  and  security  risks  in  both  the  physical  and  digital  world  is  paramount  for the Trust's  continued long-term prosperity. The business is staunchly devoted to a commitment to zero fatalities and incidents of  health  and  safety  non-compliance,  and  reducing  the  overall  injury  rate  of  employees  and  external  contract  workers. HPH Trust  is  diligently  working  to  constantly  enhance  and  adapt  its  safety  and  security  frameworks  to  align  with  industry best practices.

1 The IEC 62443 standard secures industrial automation and control systems best practices throughout their lifecycle. The standard takes a holistic and risk-based approach to IT security, as it not only addresses technology but also work processes, countermeasures and employee practices.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## MEMBERSHIPS AND ASSOCIATIONS

## HIT

British Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong

Business Environment Council

Employers' Federation of Hong Kong

Hong Kong Computer Society

Hong Kong Container T erminal Operators Association

Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce

Hong Kong Logistics Association

Hong Kong Maritime and Port Board

Hong Kong Maritime Museum Trust

The Sailors Home and Mission to Seafarers

## YANTIAN

China Communications and T ransportation Association

China Port Association

China Water T ransportation Construction Association

Guangdong Port &amp; Harbours Association

Industry Association, Guangdong Shenzhen Customs Brokers Association

Refrigeration Logistics Special Interest Committee of Guangdong Logistics

Shenzhen Association for Friendship with Foreign Countries

Shenzhen Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment

Shenzhen Container Y ard Association

Shenzhen Entry &amp; Exit Inspection and Quarantine Association

Shenzhen Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese

Shenzhen Ports Association

Shenzhen Port Facility Security Association

Shenzhen Publishers Association

Shenzhen Society of Macroeconomics

Shenzhen Cross-border E-Commerce Association

Standardization Administration of the People's Republic of China (SAC)

## PERFORMANCE METRICS 1,2

## Environment - Key Performance Indicators 3

| 2022  2021  2020  Energy consumption  By type  Natural gas  199,438,000  litre  223,089,000  litre  212,242,000  litre  Liquefied natural gas  2,548,642  kg  4,302,742  kg  6,157,988  kg  Petrol  380,727  litre  384,895  litre  301,948  litre  Diesel  38,895,444  litre  44,855,117  litre  34,871,466  litre  Liquefied petroleum gas  151,459  kg  170,640  kg  231,102  kg  Purchased electricity  3e  222,401,855  kWh  241,345,010  kWh  229,212,678  kWh  By scope  Direct energy consumption  1,576,438  GJ  1,875,799  GJ  1,602,159  GJ  Indirect energy consumption  800,647  GJ  868,842  GJ  825,166  GJ  Total energy consumption  2,377,085  GJ  2,744,641  GJ  2,427,325  GJ  Energy consumption intensity 3f  0.123  GJ/TEU  0.135  GJ/TEU  0.122  GJ/TEU  GHG emissions  Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1) 3c  113,994  tonnes CO2e  132,585  tonnes CO2e  111,213  tonnes CO2e  Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2) 3d  113,774  tonnes CO2e  155,270  tonnes CO2e  177,852  tonnes CO2e  Total GHG emissions  227,768  tonnes CO2e  287,855  tonnes CO2e  289,065  tonnes CO2e  Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)(%) 3c  50.0  %  46.1  %  38.5  %  Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)(%) 3d  50.0  %  53.9  %  61.5  %  Emission intensity 3f  11.790  kg CO2e/TEU  14.176  kg CO2e/TEU  14.515  kg CO2e/TEU  Water consumption  Total  766,514  '000 litre  653,610  '000 litre  570,061  '000 litre   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| 2022  2021  2020  Waste generation 3g  Solid chemical waste  Rags contaminated with waste oil [D]  210.4  tonnes  153.7  tonnes  169.4  tonnes  Waste wire rope [R]  1,531.8  tonnes  1,428.6  tonnes  1,722.0  tonnes  Scrap metal [R]  580.1  tonnes  610.4  tonnes  389.5  tonnes  Waste oil drums, paint buckets [R]  4.6  tonnes  6.6  tonnes  6.2  tonnes  Other chemical waste  Waste lead acid battery*  4.0  tonnes  6.9  tonnes  4.9  tonnes  Waste oil [R]  132.9  tonnes  165.6  tonnes  147.1  tonnes  Waste oil sludge [D]  -  tonnes  -  tonnes  5.3  tonnes  Light bulbs / fluorescent lights [D]  0.2  tonnes  0.4  tonnes  0.4  tonnes  Spent non-halogen solvent*  9.6  tonnes  -  tonnes  -  tonnes  Waste oil filter / oil pipe [D]  49.5  tonnes  14.0  tonnes  3.6  tonnes  Other waste  Office paper usage*  27.0  tonnes  31.0  tonnes  33.5  tonnes  Tyres [R]  355.4  tonnes  285.3  tonnes  296.4  tonnes  Waste generated  2,905.6  tonnes  2,702.5  tonnes  2,778.2  tonnes  Waste diverted (recycled)*  2,604.9  tonnes  New disclosure in 2022  Waste directed to disposal*  260.1  tonnes   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Our People - Key Performance Indicators 4

| No. of  employees  % of total  employees  No. of  employees  % of total  employees  No. of  employees  % of total  employees  Employee profile  By employment type  Permanent  3,312  97.9%  New disclosure in 2022  Temporary  72  2.1%  Non-guaranteed  0  0.0%  By employment mode  Full-time  3,357  99.2%  3,343  98.0%  3,402  98.0%  Part-time  27  0.8%  68  2.0%  70  2.0%  By gender  Male  3,007  88.9%  3,024  88.7%  3,072  88.5%  Female  377  11.1%  387  11.3%  400  11.5%  By age  Below 30  296  8.7%  210  6.2%  196  5.7%  30-50  2,129  62.9%  2,227  65.3%  2,397  69.0%  Above 50  959  28.4%  974  28.5%  879  25.3%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  2020  No.  % of total  No.  % of total  No.  % of total  By employee category  Senior management  32  0.9%  34  1.0%  33  0.9%  Middle management  188  5.6%  191  5.6%  197  5.7%  Functional areas  4c  3,164  93.5%  3,186  93.4%  3,242  93.4%  By region  HIT  1,234  36.5%  New disclosure in 2022  YANTIAN  2,150  63.5%  Total employees  3,384  100%  3,411  100%  3,472  100%  Board diversity 4b  By gender  Male  6  66.7%  6  66.7%  New disclosure in 2021  Female  3  33.3%  3  33.3%  By age  Below 30  0  0.0%  0  0.0%  New disclosure in 2021  30-50  0  0.0%  0  0.0%  Above 50  9  100.0%  9  100.0%  Total  9  100%  9  100%  Management  diversity  By gender  Male  171  77.7%  171  76.0%  New disclosure in 2021  Female  49  22.3%  54  24.0%  By age  Below 30  3  1.4%  2  0.9%  New disclosure in 2021  30-50  129  58.6%  129  57.3%  Above 50  88  40.0%  94  41.8%  Total  220  100%  225  100%  Functional areas diversity  4c  By gender  Male  2,836  89.6%  2,853  89.6%  New disclosure in 2021  Female  328  10.4%  333  10.4%  By age  Below 30  293  9.3%  208  6.5%  New disclosure in 2021  30-50  2,000  63.2%  2,098  65.9%  Above 50  871  27.5%  880  27.6%  Total  3,164  100%  3,186  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

<!-- image -->

| 2022  2021  2020  No.  No.  No.  External contractor workers  Total  5,674  New disclosure in 2022  No. of  employees  Hiring  rate  No. of  employees  Hiring  rate  No. of  employees  Hiring  rate  New hires 4d  By gender  Male  233  7.7%  138  4.6%  71  2.3%  Female  51  13.5%  30  7.8%  32  8.0%  By age  Below 30  181  61.2%  107  51.0%  73  37.2%  30-50  82  3.9%  45  2.0%  18  0.8%  Above 50  21  2.2%  16  1.6%  12  1.4%  By region  HIT  141  11.4%  New disclosure in 2022  YANTIAN  143  6.7%  Total  284  8.4%  168  4.9%  103  3.0%  No. of  employees  Turnover  rate  No. of  employees  Turnover  rate  No. of  employees  Turnover  rate  Turnover 4d  By gender  Male  205  6.8%  193  6.4%  131  4.3%  Female  55  14.6%  54  14.0%  28  7.0%  By age  Below 30  82  27.7%  89  42.4%  38  19.4%  30-50  75  3.5%  77  3.5%  53  2.2%  Above 50  103  10.7%  81  8.3%  68  7.7%  By region  HIT  175  14.2%  New disclosure in 2022  YANTIAN  85  4.0%  Total  260  7.7%  247  7.2%  159  4.6%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  2020  Training  Average  training hours  Average  training hours  Average  training hours  By gender  Male  16.4  15.5  17.9  Female  10.0  17.6  19.6  By employee category  Senior management  34.0  37.0  32.3  Middle management  25.3  32.5  29.6  Functional areas  4c  15.0  14.5  17.3  Total average training hours  15.7  15.7  18.1  No. of hours  No. of hours  No. of hours  Total training hours  53,210  53,664  62,980   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Performance reviews  % of total employees  % of total employees  % of total employees  % of employees received  performance review  100%  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (Additional GRI-related T able on Employee Profile By Region in 2022)

| HIT  YANTIAN  Total  No. of  employees  % of total  employees  No. of  employees  % of total  employees  No. of  employees  % of total  employees  By employment type  Permanent  1,163  94.3%  2,149  100.0%  3,312  97.9%  Temporary  71  5.7%  1  0.0%  72  2.1%  Non-guaranteed  0  0.0%  0  0.0%  0  0.0%  By employment mode  Full-time  1,207  97.8%  2,150  100.0%  3,357  99.2%  Part-time  27  2.2%  0  0.0%  27  0.8%  By gender  Male  1,083  87.8%  1,924  89.5%  3,007  88.9%  Female  151  12.2%  226  10.5%  377  11.1%  By age  Below 30  112  9.1%  184  8.6%  296  8.7%  30-50  490  39.7%  1,639  76.2%  2,129  62.9%  Above 50  632  51.2%  327  15.2%  959  28.4%  By employee category  Senior management  10  0.8%  22  1.0%  32  0.9%  Middle management  113  9.2%  75  3.5%  188  5.6%  Functional areas  4c  1,111  90.0%  2,053  95.5%  3,164  93.5%  Total employees  1,234  2,150  3,384   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Safety and Security - Key Performance Indicators 5

| 2022  2021  2020  No. of cases  Fatality/  injury rate  (per 1 million  working  hours)  No. of cases  Fatality/  injury rate  (per 1 million  working  hours)  No. of cases  Fatality/  injury rate  (per 1 million  working  hours)  Fatalities  Employees  0  0.00  0  0.00  0  0.00  External contractor workers  0  0.00  1  0.08  0  0.00  Total  0  0.00  1  0.05  0  0.00  High-consequence work-related injuries 5a  Employees  0  0.00  0  0.00  1  0.13  External contractor workers  2  0.17  6  0.45  2  0.16  Total  2  0.11  6  0.29  3  0.15  Recordable work-related injuries 5b  Employees  14  1.98  19  2.62  15  2.01  External contractor workers  32  2.69  34  2.55  35  2.71  Total  46  2.42  53  2.57  50  2.46  No. of hours  No. of hours  No. of hours  Number of hours worked  Employees  7,086,056  7,255,314  7,465,764  External contractor workers  11,885,032  13,343,958  12,900,268  Total  18,971,088  20,599,272  20,366,032  No.  No.  No.  Emergency drills conducted  Total  103  100  91   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Responsible Business - Key Performance Indicators

| 2022  2021  2020  No. of  employees  % of  employee  category  No. of  employees  % of  employee  category  No. of  employees  % of  employee  category  AFAB-related communications to employees  By employee category  Senior management  32  100.0%  34  100.0%  33  100.0%  Middle management  188  100.0%  191  100.0%  197  100.0%  Functional areas  3,164  100.0%  3,183  99.9%  3,242  100.0%  By region  HIT  1,234  New disclosure in 2022  YANTIAN  2,150  AFAB-related training to employees  By employee category  Senior management  32  100.0%  34  100.0%  23  69.7%  Middle management  188  100.0%  191  100.0%  85  43.1%  Functional areas  3,164  100.0%  3,183  99.9%  2,037  62.8%  By region  HIT  1,234  New disclosure in 2022  YANTIAN  2,150  HK$'m  HK$'m  HK$'m  Community contributions  Monetary donations  5.3  1.2  New disclosure in 2021  In-kind contribution  0.0  0.0  Total contributions  5.3  1.2  %  %  %  New supplier screening  % of new suppliers screened for  environmental and social issues  100%  100%  New disclosure in 2021   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Notes:-

1. Figures shown include HIT and YANTIAN as per the reporting scope
2. Due to updated guidance and methodology from relevant agencies, some figures from 2021 and 2020 have been restated
3. For Environment Key Performance Indicators
- a. kg = kilogram, kWh = kilowatt hour, GJ = gigajoule, CO 2 e = carbon dioxide equivalent
- b.  The following standards were adopted:
- Hong Kong: Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong (2010 Edition)
- Shenzhen:  (for  2022)  Notice  on  Doing  a  Good  Job  in  the  Management  of  Corporate  Greenhouse  Gas  Emissions  Reporting  in  2022 published by the General Office of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of China on 10 March 2022; (for 2021 and 2020) Guidance for Quantification and Reporting of the Organisation's Greenhouse Gas Emissions (SZDB/Z 69-2018) and Baseline emission factors for China's regional power grid emission reduction projects in 2019
- c. Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources controlled by HPH T rust, including natural gas, liquefied natural gas, petrol, diesel and liquified petroleum gas used on-site. HPH T rust's GHG emissions inventory includes CO2, CH4, N2O, and HFCs.
- d.  Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions generated from electricity purchased by HPH T rust. HPH T rust's Scope 2 GHG emissions are majority as a result of electricity use, and as such we refer to our electricity providers for the GHG inventory coverage.
- e. Due to guidance from local government authorities, shore power used by berthed vessels is not considered as HPH T rust's Scope 2 emissions.
- f. The HIT throughput used in generating the per TEU metrics represented total handling throughput at HIT terminals instead of the allocated throughput from HKSPA presented in the rest of the Annual Report.
- g.  All waste materials are handled by licensed contractors and properly treated offsite: Materials are marked [D] = Disposed; [R] = Recycled. (Note for *: Certain waste categories are handled by licensed contractors and are required where appropriate, but total diversion from landfill is currently not possible. Due to data collection difficulties, HPH T rust is not able to provide a detailed breakdown of the generated totals by recycled or disposed)
4. For Our People Key Performance Indicators
- a. Figures under all tables (except Board diversity) do not include the Board of Directors of the T rustee-Manager of HPH T rust
- b. Figures under Board diversity relate to the Board of Directors of the T rustee-Manager of HPH T rust
- c. Functional areas include administration, technical, production, etc.
- d.  The percentage presented under New hires and T urnover represent the number of new hires/employee turnover in each category divided by the total number of employees in the respective categories
5. For Safety and Security Key Performance Indicators
- a. High-consequence work-related injury represents work-related injury arising out of or in the course of work that results in an injury from which the worker cannot, does not, or is not expected to recover fully to pre-injury health status with 6 months.  This excludes fatalities
- b. Recordable work-related injury represents work-related injury or ill health arising out of or in the course of work that results in any of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness; or significant injury or ill health diagnosed by a physician or other licensed healthcare professional, even if it does not result in death, days away from work, restricted work or job transfer, medical treatment beyond first aid, or loss of consciousness

<!-- image -->

## General Disclosures

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021  The organisation and its reporting practices  2-1  Organisational details  Pages 2 to 7  2-2  Entities included in the organisation's  sustainability reporting  Page 36  (Reporting Scope)  HIT and YANTIAN are included in HPH T rust's sustainability reporting.  2-3  Reporting period, frequency and contact  point  Page 36  (About this Report &amp; Contact us)  HPH Trust published its 2022 annual report in April 2023.  2-4  Restatements of information  Pages 81 to 88  Due to updated guidance and methodology from relevant agencies, some  figures from the reporting period ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December  2020 have been restated.  2-5  External assurance  No external assurance was sought for this sustainability report.  Activities and workers  2-6  Activities, value chain and other business  relationships  Pages 2 to 7, 44, 53 to 54  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain  And External Contractor Worker Management)  2-7  Employees  Pages 82 to 85  (Our People - Key Performance Indicators)  In 2022, there were no significant fluctuations in the number of employees  compared with the previous year. Similarly, the number of employees remains  consistent throughout the year.  2-8  Workers who are not employees  Pages 53 to 54, 82 to 85  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker  Management &amp; Our People - Key Performance Indicators)  Governance  2-9  Governance structure and composition  Pages 26 to 30, 37 to 39, 82 to 85  (Sustainability governance &amp; Our People -  Key Performance Indicators)  2-10  Nomination and selection of the highest  governance body  Pages 106 to 107  (Corporate Governance Report - Board Membership section)  2-11  Chair of the highest governance body  Page 26  (Board of Directors)  2-12  Role of the highest governance body in  overseeing the management of impacts  Pages 37 to 39  (Sustainability Governance)  2-13  Delegation of responsibility for managing  impacts  Pages 37 to 39  (Sustainability Governance)  2-14  Role of the highest governance body in  sustainability reporting  Pages 37 to 39  (Sustainability Governance)  2-15  Conflicts of interest  Pages 122 to 125  (Corporate Governance Report)  2-16  Communication of critical concerns  Pages 48 to 49, 87  (Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery &amp; Responsible Business -  Key Performance Indicators)  In 2022, there were no critical concerns reported through HPH T rust's  Whistleblowing mechanism.  2-17  Collective knowledge of the highest  governance body  Pages 68, 87  (Sustainability T rainings at HPH T rust &amp; Responsible Business -  Key Performance Indicators)  2-18  Evaluation of the performance of the  highest governance body  Pages 106 to 108  (Corporate Governance Report)  Management of HPH Trust's sustainability-related impacts is included as  performance criteria in the Board evaluation questionnaires.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI INDEX

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  2-19  Remuneration policies  Pages 108 to 112  (Corporate Governance Report)  Link to HPH T rust's Renumeration Committee - T erms of Reference:  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html  2-20  Process to determine remuneration  Pages 108 to 112  (Corporate Governance Report)  Link to HPH T rust's Renumeration Committee - T erms of Reference:  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html  2-21  Annual total compensation ratio  Due to confidentiality constraints, HPH T rust is unable to disclose information  regarding annual total compensation ratios.  Strategy, policies and practices  2-22  Statement on sustainable development strategy  Page 37  (Board Statement)  2-23  Policy commitments  Pages 39, 48 to 49, 53 to 54, 55, 65, 69, 72, 77 to 78, 79  (Sustainability  Governance set of policies &amp; Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery &amp; Supply Chain And  External Contractor Worker Management &amp; Environment &amp; Our People &amp;  Employment Practices And Labour Rights &amp; Occupational Health and Safety &amp;  Safety Risk Management &amp; IT System and Data Security)  Link to HPH T rust's Sustainability Policies:  https://www.hphtrust.com/sustainability\_policies.html  Link to HPH T rust's Corporate Governance Policies:  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html  2-24  Embedding policy commitments  Pages 39, 48 to 49, 53 to 54, 55, 65, 69, 72, 77 to 78, 79  (Sustainability  Governance set of policies &amp; Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery &amp; Supply Chain And  External Contractor Worker Management &amp; Environment &amp; Our People &amp;  Employment Practices And Labour Rights &amp; Occupational Health and Safety &amp;  Safety Risk Management &amp; IT System and Data Security)  While the Board has ultimate accountability for the management and implementation of  policy commitments, HPH T rust emphasises that everyone has a duty to contribute to  its sustainability performance. Heads of business units and departments are responsible  to ensure that all day-to-day actions are consistent with HPH T rust's policies, while  function employees are accountable to uphold HPH T rust's commitments.  2-25  Processes to remediate negative impacts  Page 49  2-26  Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising  concerns  Pages 48 to 49  (Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery)  For details regarding the HPH T rust Whistleblowing Policy, please refer to  https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html  2-27  Compliance with laws and regulations  Page 54  (Compliance)  In 2022, there were no cases of non-compliance with laws or regulations in the  environmental, social and economic areas.  2-28  Membership associations  Page 80  (Memberships and Associations)  Stakeholder engagement  2-29  Approach to stakeholder engagement  Page 44  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels)  2-30  Collective bargaining agreements  Page 69  (Employment Practices And Labour Rights)  Approximately 63% of total employees (100% of local staff at YANTIAN) are  covered by collective negotiation. Collective bargaining agreements are not  applicable to HIT as there is no collective negotiation process with staff or  union representatives.  GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS 2021  3-1  Process to determine material topics  Pages 44 to 47  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Materiality Assessment)  3-2  List of material topics  Pages 45 to 47  (Materiality Assessment)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Specific Disclosures

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55 to 57  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment &amp;  Climate Change)  201-2  Financial Implications and other risks and  opportunities due to climate change  Pages 56 to 57  (Climate Change)  GRI 205: ANTI-CORRUPTION 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 48 to 49  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Responsible Business &amp;  Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery)  205-2  Communication and training about anti-  corruption policies and procedures  Pages 49, 87  (T able in Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery section &amp; Responsible Business  - Key Performance Indicators)  205-3  Confirmed incidents of corruption and  actions taken  Pages 48 to 49  (Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery)  In 2022, there were no reported cases of fraud or bribery.  GRI 302: ENERGY 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55, 58 to 60  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment  &amp; Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption, and Ambient Air Quality)  302-1  Energy consumption within the organisation  Direct GHG emissions from sources controlled by HPH Trust, include  fuels such as natural gas, liquefied natural gas, petrol, diesel and liquefied  petroleum gas used on-site.  Pages 59, 81 to 82  (Data table in Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption,  and Ambient Air Quality &amp; Environment - Key Performance Indicators)  302-2  Energy consumption outside of the  organisation  302-3  Energy intensity  302-4  Reduction of energy consumption  Page 58  (Key initiatives table in Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption,  and Ambient Air Quality)  GRI 303: WATER AND EFFLUENTS 2018  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55, 61 to 62  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment &amp;  Water and Waste Management)  303-1  Interactions with water as a shared resource  Pages 61 to 62  (Water and Waste Management)  303-2  Management of water discharge-related  impacts  Pages 61 to 62  (Water and Waste Management)  303-5  Water consumption  Pages 81 to 82  (Environment - Key Performance Indicators)  GRI 304: BIODIVERSITY 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55, 63 to 64  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment &amp;  Biodiversity)  304-2  Significant impacts of activities, products  and services on biodiversity  Pages 63 to 64  (Biodiversity)  GRI 305: EMISSIONS 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55, 58 to 60  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment  &amp; Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption, and Ambient Air Quality)  305-1  Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions  Pages 58 to 60, 81 to 82  (Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption, and  Ambient Air Quality &amp; Environment - Key Performance Indicators)  Emissions are consolidated based on operational control.  305-2  Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions  305-4  GHG emissions intensity  305-5  Reduction of GHG emissions  Page 58  (Key initiatives table in Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Energy Consumption,  and Ambient Air Quality)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI INDEX

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  GRI 306: WASTE 2020  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 55, 61 to 62  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Environment &amp;  Water and Waste Management)  306-1  Waste generation and significant waste-  related impacts  Pages 61 to 62  (Water and Waste Management)  306-2  Management of significant waste-related  impacts  Pages 53 to 54, 61 to 62  (Supply Chain and External Contractor Worker  Management &amp; T able and 3R infographic in Water and Waste Management)  306-3  Waste generated  Pages 53 to 54, 61 to 62, 81 to 82  (Supply Chain and External Contractor Worker  Management &amp; Water and Waste Management &amp; Environment -  Key Performance Indicators)  306-4  Waste diverted from disposal  Pages 53 to 54, 61 to 62, 81 to 82  (Supply Chain and External Contractor Worker  Management &amp; Water and Waste Management &amp; Environment -  Key Performance Indicators)  306-5  Waste directed to disposal  GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 53 to 54  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain And  External Contractor Worker Management)  308-1  New suppliers that were screened using  environmental criteria  Pages 53 to 54, 87 (  Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management  &amp; Responsible Business - Key Performance Indicators)  308-2  Negative environmental impacts in the  supply chain and actions taken  Pages 53 to 54  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management)  HPH Trust did not identify any new or existing suppliers with significant  environmental risks in 2022.  GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 65, 69  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Our People  &amp; Employment Practices And Labour Rights)  401-1  New employee hires and employee turnover  Pages 82 to 85 (  Our People - Key Performance Indicators)  401-2  Benefits provided to full-time employees  that are not provided to temporary or part-  time employees  Pages 65, 69  (Employee Engagement and Well-being &amp; Employment Practices  And Labour Rights)  Employment benefits standard to YANTIAN full-time employees but are not  provided to temporary or part-time employees include: life insurance, medical  benefits, disability coverage, parental leave, or retirement provisions.  Employment benefits standard to HIT full-time employees but are not provided  to temporary or part-time employees include: life insurance, medical benefits, or  supplemental leave such as paid parental, marriage, or compassionate leave.  GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 2018  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 71 to 78  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Safety and Security &amp;  Occupational Health and Safety &amp; Safety Risk Management)  403-1  Occupational health and safety  management system  Pages 72 to 76  (Occupational Health and Safety)  403-2  Hazard identification, risk assessment, and  incident investigation  Pages 71 to 78  (Safety and Security &amp; Occupational Health and Safety &amp; Safety  Risk Management)  403-3  Occupational health services  Pages 72 to 78  (Occupational Health and Safety &amp; Safety Risk Management)  403-4  Worker participation, consultation, and  communication on occupational health and  safety  Pages 71 to 78  (Safety and Security &amp; Occupational Health and Safety &amp; Safety  Risk Management)  403-5  Worker training on occupational health and  safety  Pages 75, 78  (Key health and safety initiatives table in Occupational Health and  Safety &amp; emergency drill case studies in Safety Risk Management)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  403-6  Promotion of worker health  Pages 65 to 66, 75  (Health check programmes in Employee Engagement and  Well-being &amp; key health and safety initiatives table in Occupational Health and  Safety. Note: mental health)  403-7  Prevention and mitigation of occupational  health and safety impacts directly linked by  business relationships  Pages 72 to 78  (Occupational Health and Safety &amp; Safety Risk Management)  403-9  Work-related injuries  Pages 71 to 78, 86  (Safety and Security &amp; Occupational Health and Safety &amp;  Safety Risk Management &amp; Safety and Security - Key Performance Indicators)  GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 65 to 68  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Our People &amp;  Knowledge Empowerment &amp; Sustainability T raining at HPH T rust)  404-1  Average hours of training per year per  employee  Pages 82 to 85  (Our People - Key Performance Indicators)  404-2  Programmes for upgrading employee skills  and transition assistance programmes  Pages 67 to 68  (Knowledge Empowerment)  HPH Trust provides training to develop the skills and knowledge of our  employees which are industry specific and improve the carrying out of their  duties. At this time, the T rust does not provide any training specific to transition  or pre-retirement assistance.  404-3  Percentage of employees receiving regular  performance and career development  reviews  Pages 67 to 68, 82 to 85  (Knowledge Empowerment &amp; Our People - Key  Performance Indicators)  GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 65, 69 to 70  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Our People &amp;  Employment Practices And Labour Rights &amp; Diversity and Inclusion)  405-1  Diversity of governance bodies and  employees  Pages 82 to 85  (Our People - Key Performance Indicators)  GRI 406: NON-DISCRIMINATION 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 65, 70  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Our People &amp; Diversity  and Inclusion)  406-1  Incidents of discrimination and corrective  actions taken  Pages 65, 70  (Our People &amp; Diversity and Inclusion)  There were no reported cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations  relating to workplace discrimination in 2022.  GRI 407: FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 53 to 54, 65, 69  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain  And External Contractor Worker Management &amp; Our People &amp; Employment  Practices And Labour Rights)  407-1  Operations and suppliers in which the right  to freedom of association and collective  bargaining may be at risk  Pages 53 to 54, 69  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management  &amp; Employment Practices And Labour Rights)  HPH Trust did not identify any new or existing operations and suppliers with  significant social risks in 2022.  GRI 408: CHILD LABOR 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 53 to 54, 65, 69  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain  And External Contractor Worker Management &amp; Our People &amp; Employment  Practices And Labour Rights)  408-1  Operations and suppliers at significant risk  for incidents of child labor  Pages 53 to 54, 69  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management  &amp; Employment Practices And Labour Rights)  HPH Trust did not identify any new or existing operations and suppliers with  significant social risks in 2022.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GRI INDEX

| GRI Topic  Disclosure  Description  Page, reference or additional comment  GRI 409: FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 53 to 54, 65, 69  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain  And External Contractor Worker Management &amp; Our People &amp; Employment  Practices And Labour Rights)  409-1  Operations and suppliers at significant risk  for incidents of forced or compulsory labor  Pages 53 to 54, 69  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management  &amp; Employment Practices And Labour Rights)  HPH Trust did not identify any new or existing operations and suppliers with  significant social risks in 2022.  GRI 413: LOCAL COMMUNITIES 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 48, 52  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Responsible Business &amp;  Community Engagement)  413-1  Operations with local community  engagement, impact assessments, and  development programmes  Pages 52, 87  (Community Engagement &amp; Responsible Business - Key  Performance Indicators)  100% of our reporting scope of HIT and YANTIAN conducts community  engagement initiatives. During 2022, YANTIAN conducted thorough  assessments on the impact of developing East Port Phase I on biodiversity  and community. The community assessment covered various topics on social,  economic and environmental. Public consultation was also conducted during the  assessments  GRI 414: SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 53 to 54  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Supply Chain And  External Contractor Worker Management)  414-1  New suppliers that were screened using  social criteria  Pages 53 to 54, 87  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management  &amp; Responsible Business - Key Performance Indicators)  414-2  Negative social impacts in the supply chain  and actions taken  Pages 53 to 54  (Supply Chain And External Contractor Worker Management)  HPH Trust did not identify any new or existing suppliers with significant social  risks in 2022.  GRI 416: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 51, 71, 77 to 78  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Customer  Service &amp; Safety and Security &amp; Safety Risk Management)  416-1  Assessment of the health and safety impacts  of product and service categories  Pages 51, 77 to 78  (Customer Service &amp; Safety Risk Management)  Due to the nature of our port business, all aspects of health and safety within our  port premises are monitored and assessed for improvement as per our relevant  policies and procedures.  416-2  Incidents of non-compliance concerning the  health and safety impacts of products and  services  Pages 51, 77 to 78  (Customer Service &amp; Safety Risk Management)  There were no reported incidents of non-compliance of HIT and YANTIAN  concerning the health and safety impacts of products and services in 2022.  GRI 418: CUSTOMER PRIVACY 2016  3-3  Management of material topics  Pages 44, 71, 79  (Stakeholder Engagement Channels &amp; Safety and Security &amp; IT  System and Data Security)  418-1  Substantiated complaints concerning  breaches of customer privacy and losses of  customer data  Page 79  (IT System and Data Security)  There was no reported cases of unauthorised data leakage or compromised IT  infrastructure in 2022.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CORPORATE LITERATURE

HPH  Trust  recognises the importance of releasing material information in a timely manner. The Investor Relations team ensures all  announcements  relating  to  financial  performance  and  strategic corporate  developments  are  promptly  disseminated  via  multiple channels, including hphtrust.com and the SGX online portal, SGXNet.

HPH Trust published  its  2022  annual  report  in  April  2023.  Besides posting it on SGXNet and our corporate website, hphtrust.com, the Trust also provided printed copies on request.

Investors  and  stakeholders  are  encouraged  to  refer  to  HPH  T rust's corporate  website,  hphtrust.com,  as  their  first  point  of  reference. HPH  Trust  regularly  updates  the  Investor  Centre  section  of  the website.  It  is  an  online  repository  for  a  wide  range  of  information such  as  news  releases,  SGXNet  announcements,  financial  results, presentation materials, annual report (including sustainability report), annual  general  meeting  materials  (including  notices  and  minutes), historical  unit  prices  and  related  charts,  and  other  relevant  corporate information.  Interested  parties  can  register  for  email  alerts,  so  they receive  newly  posted  announcements.  In  addition,  unitholders can  direct  their  enquiries  and  concerns  to  the  HPH  T rust  Investor Relations  team  via  the  contact  methods  listed  on  hphtrust.com, especially the dedicated investor relations email or telephone line.

The  Trustee-Manager  periodically  organises  briefings  for  analysts, fund managers, equity stakeholder representatives and various other investor  groups.  The  management  team  holds  its  Annual  General Meeting  following  the  release  of  its  full-year  results.  In  2022,  as  a result of the physical distancing measures due to COVID-19, briefings and meetings were mostly conducted via electronic means.

The Annual General Meeting held on 26 April 2022 ('AGM') was conducted via 'live' audio-visual webcast and 'live' audio feed. The management team addressed all substantial and relevant questions received  from  unitholders  prior  to  the  meeting  both  directly  at the AGM via SGXNet announcement one week before the AGM.

HPH Trust is committed to engaging with its investors by delivering open, accurate and up-todate communications. This is the cornerstone of the Trust's investor relations philosophy. Notwithstanding the physical distancing measures brought by the COVID-19 pandemic, HPH Trust strives to provide unitholders, potential investors and investment communities with adequate, accurate and timely disclosures on material corporate developments.

Management believes that annual general meetings and other general meetings provide an excellent opportunity to interact with unitholders to  share  in-depth business developments and prospects. Unitholders are  encouraged to join these meetings. T o enhance communication and transparency, HPH T rust also posted the AGM materials on the corporate website, including AGM notices, responses to substantial and relevant questions received from unitholders, CFO presentation, poll results and minutes in a timely fashion.

## CONFERENCES, BRIEFINGS AND ROADSHOWS

Nurturing and sustaining strong, long-term relationships with investors is  central  to  the  corporate  strategy  of  HPH  T rust.  Members  of  the management  team  regularly  participate  in  investor  conferences, small-group and one-on-one meetings, conference calls and non-deal roadshows,  to  cultivate  and  maintain  an  open  dialogue  with  global investor and financial analyst communities.

In 2022, notwithstanding the COVID-19 pandemic, the management team  continued  to  engage  with  different  stakeholders,  and  there were  around  160  engagements  from  analysts  and  investors  around the  world  in  individual  discussions  and  larger  group  events  such  as investor conferences. Most roadshows and key investor conferences were conducted online during the year, and the management team participated  in  events  such  as  the  UBS  Virtual  Asia  Industrials  and Infrastructure Day , the Goldman Sachs China Conference, the HSBC 16th Annual T ransport and Logistics Conference and SGX Corporate Days.

## RESEARCH COVERAGE

As  part  of  its  ongoing  efforts  to  maintain  a  high  level  of  investor engagement, the Trustee-Manager proactively  engages  analysts  to extend  its  research  coverage,  intensifying  its  communications  with analysts and cementing its relationships with investors. Investors can use regular research and analysts' reports to remain up to date on the Trust's operational progress and financial position.

During the financial year,  five  research  houses  covered  HPH  T rust, including DBS, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, OCBC and UBS.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

HPH Trust is a business trust constituted under the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore ('BTA'). Hutchison Port Holdings  Management  Pte.  Limited  ('Trustee-Manager')  as  the  trustee-manager  of  HPH  Trust  is  responsible  for managing the business of HPH Trust as de fi ned in the deed of trust dated 25 February 2011 and as amended and supplemented by the fi rst supplemental deed dated 28 April 2014 and the second supplemental deed dated 8 June 2020 (collectively, 'Trust Deed').

The  Trustee-Manager  strives  to  attain  and  maintain  high  standards  of  corporate  governance  best  suited  to  the needs and interests of HPH Trust group of companies ('Group') as it believes that an e ff ective corporate governance framework  is  fundamental  to  promoting  and  safeguarding  interests  of  unitholders  and  other  stakeholders  and enhancing  unitholder  value.  Accordingly,  the  Trustee-Manager  has  adopted  and  applied  corporate  governance principles and practices that emphasise a quality Board of Directors ('Board'), e ff ective risk management and internal control systems, stringent disclosure practices, transparency and accountability as well as e ff ective communication and engagement with unitholders and other stakeholders. It is, in addition, committed to continuously enhancing these standards and practices and inculcating a robust culture of compliance and ethical governance underlying the business operations and practices across the Group.

The Board sets out in this report the corporate governance principles and practices put in place for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 with reference to the BTA, the Business Trusts Regulations ('BTR'), the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 ('Code') and the Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST Listing Manual').

HPH Trust has complied throughout the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 with all the principles and provisions of  the  Code,  where  applicable.  The  reasons  for  deviations  from  the  provisions  of  the  Code  are  explained  in  this report.

## BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of A ff airs

Principle 1

## Principal duties of the Board

The Board, which is accountable to unitholders for the long-term sustainable success of HPH Trust, is responsible for  shaping  and  overseeing  the  corporate  culture,  setting  and  guiding  the  long-term  strategic  objectives  of  HPH Trust  with  appropriate  focus  on  value  creation  and  risk  management,  directing,  supervising  and  monitoring  the managerial performance and operating practices of the Group to ensure they align with the desired culture. It also ensures ongoing e ff ective  communication with unitholders and engagement with key stakeholders as it develops the purpose and values of HPH Trust. Directors are fi duciaries and are charged with the task of promoting the long term sustainable success of HPH Trust and making decisions in the best interests of HPH Trust with due regard to sustainability considerations. The Board has established a framework for the management of HPH Trust, putting in place all relevant risk management and internal control systems review assessment and reporting processes.

The Board, led by the Chairman and Non-executive Director, Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning, fosters and oversees the culture, determines and monitors Group-wide strategies and policies, annual budgets and business plans, evaluates the  performance  of  HPH  Trust,  and  supervises  the  management  of  HPH  Trust  ('Management').  Management  is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of Mr. Ivor Chow, the Chief Executive O ffi cer ('CEO'), and putting in place mechanisms for ensuring that the desired culture of HPH Trust is understood and shared at all levels of the Group.

HPH Trust has in place, among others, an Internal Control Manual which includes a code of conduct that sets the tone for the Group in respect of ethics, values, the desired organisational culture and the proper accountability with the Group, the Finance Manual and the Legal and Regulatory Compliance Manual.

To enable Directors to fully discharge their duties and obligations, each Director has been furnished with the Legal and Regulatory Compliance Manual, the Internal Control Manual and Finance Manual setting forth comprehensive internal guidelines on matters relating to internal control and fi nance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Procedures are instituted to deal with con fl icts  of  interest  issues.  Except  for  those  circumstances permitted by the constitution of the Trustee-Manager, the Trust Deed and the SGX-ST Listing Manual, a Director would abstain from voting on resolutions approving any contract, transaction, arrangement or any other kind of proposal put forward to the Board in which he/she or any of his/her close associates is materially interested, and such Director is not counted for quorum determination purposes.

The  Board  is  supported  by  four  board  committees:  Audit  Committee  ('AC'),  Nominating  Committee  ('NC'), Remuneration Committee ('RC') and Sustainability  Committee  ('SC'),  details  of  which  are  described  later  in  this report. The terms of reference for these committees, which have been adopted by the Board, are available on the websites of the Group. Other board committees are established by the Board as and when warranted to take charge of speci fi c tasks.

The Board meets at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals, with all Board and board committee meetings and the Annual General Meeting dates scheduled well in advance, in consultation with the Board. Among other things, the Board approves the half-yearly and full year fi nancial results for release to Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST') and material transactions requiring announcements under the SGX-ST Listing Manual  and  notes  perceptions  of  the  key  stakeholder  groups  on  HPH  Trust.  Whenever  warranted,  additional meetings are held. Board meetings are also supplemented by resolutions circulated to Directors for decisions as and when necessary.

The Trustee-Manager has adopted and documented internal guidelines setting forth matters reserved for Board approval ('Reserved Matters'). The Reserved Matters include:

- (a) matters in relation to the overall strategy and management of the Group;
- (b) material changes to the Group's capital or corporate structure;
- (c) matters involving fi nancial reporting and distributions;
- (d) major investments, major capital projects, material transactions and transactions not in the ordinary course of business;
- (e) transactions between the Trustee-Manager for and on behalf of HPH Trust and any of its related parties; and
- (f) matters which require Board approval as speci fi ed under the SGX-ST Listing Manual, BTA or other relevant laws and regulations.

In 2022, the Board held four Board meetings with 100% Director attendance. The Company Secretary and the Deputy Company Secretary attended all Board meetings held in 2022.

| NAME OF DIRECTOR  ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Chairman and Non-executive Director  Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning  4/4  Executive Director  Mr. Ip Sing Chi  4/4  Non-executive Directors  Ms. Edith Shih  4/4  Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana  4/4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| ## NAME OF DIRECTOR  ## ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert  4/4  Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex  4/4  Mr. Graeme Allan Jack  4/4  Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)  4/4  Mr. Wong Kwai Lam  4/4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The constitution of the Trustee-Manager allows directors to participate in the Board and board committee meeting by telephone conference or video-conference whereby all persons participating in the meeting are able to communicate as a group.

The Board does not set the maximum number of board representations which a Director may hold but con fi rmation is received from each Director that he or she has provided su ffi cient time and attention to the a ff airs of HPH Trust. In  addition, Directors disclose to the Trustee-Manager in a timely manner their other principal commitments, such as directorships in other public listed companies and major appointments as well as update the Trustee-Manager on any subsequent changes. The Board and the NC, on the basis of the foregoing, is satis fi ed that the Directors have given su ffi cient time and attention to the a ff airs of the Trustee-Manager and HPH Trust. Further details on the basis of such determination are set out under the section 'Board Membership' below.

## Access to information

Management recognises the importance of complete, adequate and timely information fl ow  to  the  Board.  With respect to regular meetings of the Board, Directors receive written notice of the meeting generally about a month in  advance and an agenda with supporting Board papers no less than three days prior to the meeting. For other meetings, Directors are given as much notice as is reasonable and practicable in the circumstances.

At every AC meeting, the Chief Financial O ffi cer ('CFO') briefs the AC members on developments in accounting and governance standards.

At  every  quarterly  Board  meeting,  the  CEO  and/or  CFO  provide  business  updates  and  highlights  of  HPH  Trust's quarterly accounts. The scope of such update includes general economic conditions and how it a ff ects HPH Trust's business, overview of industry trends and developments, and developing trends.

Between  scheduled  meetings  of  the  Board,  Management  provides  to  Directors,  on  a  regular  basis,  financial performance reports of  key  operating  entities  of  the  Group  and  other  relevant  information  with  respect  to  the performance, business  activities  and  development  of  the  Group.  Throughout  the  year,  in  addition  to  the  Board meetings, Directors participate in the deliberation and approval of routine and operational matters of the TrusteeManager, on behalf of HPH Trust, by way of written resolutions with supporting explanatory materials, supplemented by  additional  verbal  and/or  written  information  from  the  CEO,  CFO  or  other  executives  as  and  when  required. Details of material or notable transactions of subsidiaries and associated companies are provided to the Directors as appropriate. Whenever warranted, additional Board meetings are held.

In addition, Directors have unrestricted access to Management, the Company Secretary, Deputy Company Secretary and independent professional advisers at the expense of HPH Trust at all times whenever deemed necessary by Directors. They are at liberty to propose appropriate matters for inclusion in Board agendas.

Directors are provided with updates and brie fi ngs  from time to time by Management, professional advisers and auditors  on  relevant  practices,  new  laws,  rules  and  regulations,  directors'  duties  and  responsibilities,  corporate governance, changes in accounting standards and risk management issues applicable or relevant to the performance of their duties and responsibilities as Directors.

## Directors' induction and training

Upon appointment to the Board, Directors receive a formal letter of appointment setting out directors' duties and a comprehensive and tailored induction to the Group's businesses, strategic direction and governance practice by senior executives. A pack of orientation materials which include detailed information of the Trustee-Manager and the Group, duties as a director and/or board committee member (as the case may be) as well as internal governance and substainability policies of the Group are also provided to the Directors. Every new director is taken through such orientation materials at an induction session, including attending site visits.

The Trustee-Manager arranges and provides continuous professional development ('CPD') training such as seminars, webcasts and relevant reading materials to Directors to help them keep abreast of the current trends and issues facing the Group, including the latest changes in the commercial (including industry-speci fi c and innovative changes), legal and regulatory environment in which the Group conducts its businesses and to refresh their knowledge and skills on the roles, functions and duties of a listed entity director. In addition, CPD may take the form of attendance at external forums or brie fi ng sessions (including delivery of speeches) on relevant topics. CPD training of approximately 34 hours had been provided to the Directors during the year.

The Directors are required to provide the Trustee-Manager with details of the CPD training undertaken by them from time to time. Based on the details so provided, the CPD training undertaken by the Directors in 2022 is summarised as follows, representing an average of approximately 13 hours undertaken by each Director during the year:

| AREAS  NAME OF DIRECTOR  LEGAL AND  REGULATORY  CORPORATE  GOVERNANCE /  SUSTAINABILITY  PRACTICES  FINANCIAL  REPORTING  / RISK  MANAGEMENT  GROUP'S  BUSINESSES  / DIRECTORS'  DUTIES  Chairman and Non-executive Director  Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning          Executive Director  Mr. Ip Sing Chi          Non-executive Directors  Ms. Edith Shih          Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana          Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert          Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex          Mr. Graeme Allan Jack          Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)          Mr. Wong Kwai Lam           |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All the directors of the Trustee-Manager attended the mandatory sustainability training prescribed by SGX-ST in 2022.

The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is subject to Board approval.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company Secretary, Ms. Wong Yoen Har and the Deputy Company Secretary, Ms. Edith Shih, are accountable to  the  Board  for  ensuring  that  Board  procedures  are  followed  and  Board  activities  are  e ffi ciently  and  e ff ectively conducted. These objectives are achieved through adherence to proper Board processes and timely preparation and dissemination to Directors comprehensive Board meeting papers. Minutes of all meetings of the Board and Board Committees are prepared and maintained by the Company Secretary or Deputy Company Secretary to record in su ffi cient details the matters considered and decisions reached by the Board or board committees, including any concerns raised or dissenting views voiced by any Director. All draft and fi nal  minutes of the Board meetings and meetings of board committees are sent to Directors or board committee members as appropriate for comments, approval and records. Board records are available for inspection by any Director upon request.

## Board Composition and Guidance

## Principle 2

The Trustee-Manager recognises that Board independence and diversity of thoughts and background would enable the Board to make decisions in the Group's best interest.

The current composition of the Board (comprising a majority of independent and non-executive directors) and the AC (comprising all Independent Non-executive Directors) comply with the requirements of the Code. Board appointment has been, and will continue to be, made based on merit and the contribution such appointment can bring to the Board as a whole, taking into account the following principles:

- (a) The majority of Board members should be non-executive and independent Directors;
- (b) The chairman of the Board should be a non-executive Director;
- (c) At least a majority of the Directors should be independent from management and business relationships with the Trustee-Manager and from every substantial shareholder of the Trustee-Manager; and
- (d) The Board should comprise Directors with a wide range of commercial and management experience, which provides an appropriate balance of diversity of skills, experience, gender and industry knowledge.

The Board and the NC considered the structure, size and composition as appropriate for the current scope and nature of the Group's operations, requirement of the business and facilitates e ff ective decision making. Throughout the year, the number of Independent Non-executive Directors on the Board ful fi lled  the  minimum requirement of the BTA. The Board has the appropriate balance of Independent Directors and the fi ve Independent Directors are particularly aware of their responsibility to constantly place the interests of unitholders as a whole foremost in the consideration of all relevant matters.

The  Board  and  the  NC  have  set  qualitative  and  quantitative  targets  (where  appropriate)  for  achieving  board diversity,  which are explained in further detail below. In particular, the Board and the NC seeks to have Directors selected based on the merit and the contribution such Director can bring to the Board to complement and expand the competencies, experience and perspective of the Board as a whole, taking into account the corporate strategy of  the  Group and the bene fi ts  of  various  aspects  of  diversity,  including  gender,  age,  culture,  ethnicity,  educational background, professional experience and other factors that the NC may consider relevant from time to time towards achieving a diversi fi ed board.

As  shown  in  the  Board  Skills  Matrix  on  page  101  of  this  Report,  (i)  all  Directors  have  experience  in  business management, strategic  planning  and  risk  management  and  are  able  to  apply  their  expertise  and  experience  to further  the  interests  of  HPH  Trust,  (ii)  more  than  half  of  the  Directors  have fi nancial  reporting,  banking,  related industry knowledge and experience, and (iii) one-third of the Directors have other experience in legal/regulatory/ sustainability. These are in line with the targets set by the Board and the NC in relation to the skills, experience, values and background necessary to support the long-term strategic objectives of the Trust.

Additionally, the Directors come from diverse backgrounds with various expertise in the container terminal industry and fi nance, business, legal and management fi elds, which are the targets set by the Board and the NC in relation to the professional experience required.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As such, the qualitative board diversity targets relating to the experience, skills, expertise, values and background required of the Board have been met.

For  gender  diversity,  the  target  is  to  have  the  Board  comprise  at  least  30%  female  directors,  which  has  been achieved by HPH Trust. Out of the nine Directors, three are female, which also exceeds the target to be met by 2030 recommended by the Council for Board Diversity of Singapore. Female representation at the Board stands at a relatively high level (33%, three out of nine Directors) amongst companies listed on the SGX-ST. 1  In 2022, Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana, previously, the CFO of the Trustee-Manager was elevated to become a Non-executive Director. HPH Trust targets the Board to have at least 30% female Directors in the coming years. For other diversity criteria based on ethnicity and age, please refer to the diversity pro fi le chart set out on page 102 of this Report.

The Board has long viewed diversity as a core consideration for Board composition to strengthen the versatility and resilience of the Trust. b b To incorporate diversity aspects into its decision-making and strategy formulation, the Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy in 2019 followed by the set-up of the NC in April 2022. b During the year,  the  Board  has  revised  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  upon  the  recommendation  of  the  NC  to  encapsulate  the additional disclosure requirements under the SGX-ST Listing Manual and any other relevant aspects of diversity. The revised Board Diversity Policy, which addresses gender, skills and experience, and any other relevant aspects of diversity, recognises the bene fi ts of a Board that possesses a balance of skill set, experience, expertise and diversity of  perspectives appropriate for the strategies of HPH Trust. The Board Diversity Policy is available on HPH Trust's corporate website (https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html).

The  Trustee-Manager  believes  that  board  diversity  enhances  decision-making  capability  and  thus  the  overall e ff ectiveness  of  the  Board  in  achieving  sustainable  business  operation  and  enhancing  shareholder  value.  HPH Trust will continue to assess the Trustee-Manager's Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis to see if the existing policy remains relevant to the diversity strategies of the Trustee-Manager using a holistic approach and taking into consideration the evolving changes to the environment, society and the business needs of HPH Trust. If the need arises, the NC will come up with relevant measurable targets and objectives, the accompanying plans and timelines for achieving the targets for consideration and approval by the Board.

The following Board Skills Matrix shows a breakdown of the diverse skills set of Directors:

<!-- image -->

Note: The Board comprises 9 Directors.

1  The Diversity Action Committee (now known as the Council for Board Diversity of Singapore) set a triple tier target of 20% by 2020, 25% by 2025 and 30% by 2030 for the largest 100 primary-listed companies on SGX. PwC's study suggests that there has been a 57% increase in women board directors between 2015 to 2020, with 14.17% of board directors being females.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The following chart shows the diversity pro fi le of the Board as at 31 December 2022:

<!-- image -->

Mrs.  Sng  Sow-Mei  (alias  Poon  Sow  Mei)  is  appointed  as  the  Lead  Independent  Director.  The  Lead  Independent Director provides feedback to the Chairman as appropriate should there be any issue coming to her attention from the periodic meetings among the Independent Non-executive Directors without the presence of the other Directors or Management.

## Directors' Independence

HPH Trust recognises that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. As part of the established governance framework, the Group has in place e ff ective  mechanisms that underpin a strong independent Board and that independent views and input from Directors are conveyed to the Board. The governance framework and mechanisms are kept under regular review to align with international best practice, ensuring their e ff ectiveness.

The  Board  and  the  NC  have  assessed  the  independence  of  all  the  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  having regard to the independence criteria as set out in the SGX-ST Listing Manual, the BTR and the Code. Declarations of independence were provided by the Directors.

The Board considers all of them to be independent in accordance with Rule 210(5) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual because none of them (i) have been employed by the Trustee-Manager or any of its related corporations for the current fi nancial year or any of the past three fi nancial years of the Trustee-Manager, and (ii) have an immediate family member who is or has been in any of the past three fi nancial years, employed by the Trustee-Manager or any of its related corporations and whose remuneration is determined by the Board.

A Director is considered to be independent in accordance with the provisions of the BTR if he or she is independent from management and business relationships with the Trustee-Manager and from every substantial shareholder of the Trustee-Manager.

Construed within the context of the BTR, Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert, Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex, Mr. Graeme Allan Jack,  Mrs.  Sng  Sow-Mei  (alias  Poon  Sow  Mei)  and  Mr.  Wong  Kwai  Lam  are  considered  to  be  independent  from management  and  business  relationships  with  the  Trustee-Manager,  but  not  independent  from  the  substantial shareholder of the Trustee-Manager. With respect to Mr. Chan, Dr. Fong, Mr. Jack, Mrs. Sng and Mr. Wong, the Board has in its review taken the following into consideration:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In the case of Mrs. Sng, notwithstanding that she is currently an independent non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited ('CKI'), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  ('HKEx'),  the  Directors  noted  that  these  roles  should  not  interfere with her ability to exercise independent judgment in the interests of the unitholders of HPH Trust for the following reasons:

- (i) Mrs. Sng does not have any relationship with the chief executive o ffi cer, members of the management team, board of directors or substantial shareholder(s) of CKI;
- (ii) she is not involved in the day-to-day management and operation of CKI;
- (iii) she does not own any shares in CKI;
- (iv) she  exercises  independent  judgment  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  CKI,  in  particular  on interested person transactions and on internal audit control and management; and
- (v) CKI is in di ff erent businesses from HPH Trust.

As such, given her extensive experience and quali fi cations, she is able to contribute as an Independent Director on the Board.

In  the  case  of  Mr.  Jack,  notwithstanding  that  he  is  currently  an  independent  non-executive  director,  chairman  of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee and the nomination committee of HUTCHMED (China)  Limited  ('HUTCHMED'),  the  shares  of  which  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  HKEx  and  traded  on  the AIM, a market regulated by the London Stock Exchange, and in the form of American Depositary Shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the Directors noted that these roles should not interfere with his ability to exercise independent judgment in the interests of the unitholders of HPH Trust for the following reasons:

- (i) Mr. Jack does not have any relationship with the chief executive o ffi cer, members of the management team, board of directors or substantial shareholder(s) of HUTCHMED;
- (ii) he is not involved in the day-to-day management and operation of HUTCHMED;
- (iii) he has an aggregate (direct and indirect) interests in 101,695 ordinary shares in HUTCHMED, representing about 0.01% issued shares of HUTCHMED;
- (iv) he exercises independent judgment as an independent non-executive director of HUTCHMED, in particular on interested person transactions and on internal audit control and management; and
- (v) HUTCHMED is in di ff erent businesses from HPH Trust.

As such, given his extensive experience and quali fi cations, he is able to contribute as an Independent Director on the Board.

In the case of Dr. Fong, notwithstanding that he is currently an independent non-executive director, chairman of the remuneration committee and the audit committee and a member of the sustainability committee of TOM Group Limited ('TOM'), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of HKEx; an independent non-executive director, a member of the remuneration committee and the sustainability committee of HK Electric Investments Limited; an independent non-executive director of HK Electric Investments Manager Limited (as trustee-manager of HK Electric Investments);  a  director  of  The  Hongkong  Electric  Company,  Limited  (collectively,  the  'Companies'),  the  share stapled units jointly issued by HK Electric Investments Limited and HK Electric Investments are listed in Hong Kong, the Directors noted that these roles should not interfere with his ability to exercise independent judgment in the interests of the unitholders of HPH Trust for the following reasons:

- (i) Dr. Fong does not have any relationship with the chief executive o ffi cer, members of the management team, board of directors or substantial shareholder(s) of the Companies;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (ii) he is not involved in the day-to-day management and operation of the Companies;
- (iii) he does not own any shares in the Companies;
- (iv) he exercises independent judgment as an independent non-executive director/a director of the Companies, in particular on interested person transactions and on internal audit control and management; and
- (v) the Companies are in di ff erent businesses from HPH Trust.

As such, given his extensive experience and quali fi cations, he is able to contribute as an Independent Director on the Board.

In  the  case  of  Mr.  Chan,  notwithstanding that he is currently an independent non-executive director, a member of the audit committee, the nomination committee and the remuneration committee of TOM, the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of HKEx, the Directors noted that these roles should not interfere with his ability to exercise independent judgment in the interest of the unitholders of HPH Trust for the following reasons:

- (i) Mr. Chan does not have any relationship with the chief executive o ffi cer, members of the management team, board of directors or substantial shareholder(s) of TOM;
- (ii) he is not involved in the day-to-day management and operation of TOM;
- (iii) he does not own any shares in TOM;
- (iv) he  exercises  independent  judgment  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  TOM,  in  particular  on interested person transactions and on internal audit control and management; and
- (v) TOM is in di ff erent businesses from HPH Trust.

As such, given his extensive experience and quali fi cations, he is able to contribute as an Independent Director on the Board.

In  the  case  of  Mr.  Wong, notwithstanding that he is currently an independent non-executive director, chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration committee of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited ('CKHH'), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of HKEx, the Directors noted that these roles should not interfere with his ability to exercise independent judgment in the interest of the unitholders of HPH Trust for the following reasons:

- (i) Mr. Wong does not have any relationship with the managing director(s), members of the management team, board of directors or substantial shareholder(s) of CKHH;
- (ii) he is not involved in the day-to-day management and operation of CKHH;
- (iii) he does not own any shares in CKHH;
- (iv) he  exercises  independent  judgment  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  CKHH,  in  particular  on interested person transactions and on internal audit control and management; and
- (v) Hutchison  Port  Holdings  Limited  ('HPH'),  a  member  of  CKHH  group,  has  entered  into  a  Non-Compete Agreement  with  the  Trustee-Manager  pursuant  to  which  there  is  a  mutual  non-compete  undertaking between the two entities such that HPH undertakes not to invest in, develop, operate and manage deepwater container ports in the Guangdong Province, Hong Kong and Macau, and HPH Trust undertakes not to  invest  in,  develop,  operate  and  manage deep-water container ports in any part of the world outside of the  Guangdong Province, Hong Kong and Macau, save that HPH may pursue any investment opportunity (including undertaking green fi eld port development) declined by HPH Trust.

As such, given his extensive experience and quali fi cations, he is able to contribute as an Independent Director on the Board.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Having carried out the review, the Board and the NC are satis fi ed that the relationships described above will not interfere with the independent judgment and ability to act with regard to the interests of all the unitholders of HPH Trust as a whole of Mrs. Sng, Mr. Jack, Dr. Fong, Mr. Chan or Mr. Wong. Accordingly, the Board has, pursuant to Regulation 12(6) of the BTR, determined that Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei), Mr. Graeme Allan Jack, Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex, Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert and Mr. Wong Kwai Lam are independent.

None of the above independent non-executive directors participates nor will they participate in any discussion of the Board in relation to any transaction with a company of whom he/she is a director thereof or any matters that might give rise to a con fl ict of interests with such company and they shall abstain from voting on any such proposals at any meeting of the Board.

Under the letter of appointment, the Directors are required to report changes of circumstances at any time which may a ff ect their independence.

The Board is satis fi ed that the Independent Directors are considered to be independent.

## Chairman and CEO

## Principle 3

The  role  of  the  Chairman  is  separate  from  that  of  the  CEO  and  they  are  not  immediate  family  members.  The Chairman is a non-executive director and is not part of the management team. Such division of responsibilities reinforces the independence and increases accountability of the Board.

The Chairman, Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning is responsible for providing leadership to, and overseeing the functioning of, the Board to ensure that it acts in the best interests of the Group. He is also responsible for ensuring that Board meetings are planned and conducted e ff ectively,  including setting the agenda for each Board meeting, taking into account, where appropriate, matters proposed by the Directors, the Company Secretary and the Deputy Company Secretary. With the support of the Executive Director, the Company Secretary, the Deputy Company Secretary and Management, the Chairman seeks to ensure that all Directors are properly briefed on issues to be deliberated at Board meetings and are provided with adequate and accurate information in a timely manner.

The  Chairman  promotes  a  culture  of  openness  and  actively  encourages  Directors  to  voice  their  opinion  and be fully engaged in the Board's a ff airs  so  as  to  contribute  to  the  Board's  e ff ective functioning. The Board, under the  leadership  of  the  Chairman,  has  adopted  good  corporate  governance  practices  and  procedures  and  taken appropriate  steps  to  promote  e ff ective  communication  and  ongoing  engagement  with  unitholders  and  other stakeholders, as outlined later in this report.

Mrs.  Sng,  the  Lead  Independent  Director  is  appointed  to  provide  leadership  in  situations  where  the Chairman  has  a  con fl ict  of  interests.  She  is  accessible  to  the  unitholders  of  HPH  Trust  in  cases  where  they have  concerns  for  which  contact  through  normal  channels  of  the  Chairman,  the  CEO  or  the  CFO  has  failed to  resolve  the  issue  or  is  inappropriate.  Her  contact  details  are  available  on  HPH  Trust's  corporate  website (https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html).

The CEO is responsible for  managing the businesses of the Group, attending to the formulation and successful implementation of Group policies and assuming full accountability to the Board for all Group operations. Acting as the principal manager of the Group's businesses, the CEO attends to developing strategic operating plans that re fl ect the long-term objectives and priorities established by the Board and is directly responsible for overseeing and delivering operational performance of the Group.

Working with the CFO, and the executive management team of each core business division, the CEO presents annual budgets to the Board for consideration and approval, and ensures that the Board is fully apprised of the funding requirements of the Group. With the assistance of the CFO, the CEO ensures that the funding requirements of the businesses  are  met  and  monitors  the  operating  and fi nancial  performance  of  the  businesses  against  plans  and budgets. The CEO maintains an ongoing dialogue with the Chairman and all Directors to keep them fully informed of  all  major  business development and issues. In addition, he is also responsible for building and maintaining an e ff ective executive team to support him in his role.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Membership

## Principle 4

As at 31 December 2022, the Board comprised nine Directors, including the Chairman, one Executive Director, two Non-executive Directors and fi ve Independent Non-executive Directors. Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 26 to 30 of the Annual Report and on HPH Trust's corporate website.

The  Board,  with  the  support  of  the  NC,  has  a  formal  and  transparent  process  for  the  appointment  and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board. The NC, chaired by Mr. Wong Kwai Lam, an Independent Non-executive Director with Ms. Edith Shih, a Non-executive Director and Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei), an Independent Non-executive Director and the Lead Independent Director as members, meets the requirements of the Code.

The responsibilities of the NC are to review the structure, size, diversity pro fi le and skills set of members of the Board against its needs and make recommendation on the composition of the Board to achieve the Group's corporate strategy as well as promote unitholder value. It identi fi es suitable candidates and selects or makes recommendation to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of,  as  well  as  succession  planning  for  Directors  and  key management personnel, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of, without limitation, the Chairman, the CEO and the CFO. The NC also takes the lead on the development of a transparent process for evaluating the performance of the Board and Directors, including assessing whether directors are able to commit enough time to  discharge  their  responsibilities  and  the  maximum  number  of  listed  company  board  representations  which  a Director may hold. Periodically, the NC reviews the training and professional development programs for the Board including  training  on  sustainability  matters  as  prescribed  by  SGX-ST,  corporate  governance, fi nancial  reporting, risk  management as well as legal and regulatory updates. It also reviews orientation training materials provided to new director(s) to ensure he/she is aware of his/her duties and obligations and has an overview of the Trust and its business. Furthermore, it also assesses the independence of Independent Non-executive Directors having regard to the criteria under the SGX-ST Listing Manual and reviews the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy periodically and makes recommendations on any proposed revisions to the Board.

The NC (established in April 2022) held one meeting in 2022 with 100% attendance:

| NAME OF MEMBER  ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Mr. Wong Kwai Lam (Chairman)  1/1  Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)  1/1  Ms. Edith Shih  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Selection, appointment and re-appointment process

From time to time, new Directors may be identi fi ed by the NC for appointment or re-appointment, if necessary, by the Board. Under the Board Diversity Policy, Board candidates are selected based on merit and the contribution such candidate can bring to the Board to complement and expand the competencies, experience and perspectives of the Board as a whole, taking into account the corporate strategy of the Group and the bene fi ts of various aspects of  diversity,  including  gender,  age,  culture,  ethnicity,  educational  background,  professional  experience  and  other factors that the NC may consider relevant from time to time towards achieving a diversi fi ed Board. In determining suitability of a candidate, the Board will have due regard to the bene fi ts of various aspects of diversity in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy. If the NC determines that an additional or replacement Director is required, it will deploy multiple channels for identifying suitable director candidates, including referral from Directors, shareholders, management, advisors of the Trustee-Manager, unitholders of HPH Trust and external executive search fi rms.

The nomination process will be conducted in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, which are available on the website of HPH Trust. The Board will from time to time review these policies and monitor their implementation to ensure continued e ff ectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practices.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Pursuant to the Director Nomination Policy, the NC, in determining the suitability of a candidate, will consider the potential contributions a candidate can bring to the Board including the attributes complementary to the Board, the commitment, motivation and integrity of the candidate, having due consideration of the bene fi ts of a diversi fi ed Board.

The ultimate responsibility for the selection and appointment of directors rests with the Board as a whole.

No alternate director is appointed to the Board.

During 2022, the NC reviewed the structure, size and composition (in particular with regard to gender diversity) of the Board, ensuring that it has greater diversity and a balanced composition of skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the businesses of the Group and that appropriate individuals with relevant expertise and leadership qualities are appointed to the Board to complement the capabilities of existing Directors. In addition, the NC also reviewed the Director Nomination Policy, the amendments to the Board Diversity Policy and the process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the Board, board committee as well as contribution by the Chairman and the Directors for adoption by the Board.

At  its  meeting  in  February  2023,  the  NC  reviewed  again  the  structure,  skills  set,  expertise  and  competencies  of members of  the  Board,  a ffi rmed  the  independence  of  the  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  having  regard to  their  annual  independence  con fi rmation  and  the  assessment  of  their  independence  with  reference  to  the independence criteria set out in the SGX-ST Listing Manual, the BTR and the Code. In particular, the NC considered that  the  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  continue  to  provide  a  balanced  and  independent  view  to  the Board and play  a  leading  role  in  the  board  committees  and  bring  independent  and  external  dimension  as  well as  constructive  and  informed  comments  on  issues  of  the  Group's  strategy,  policy,  performance,  accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conduct. The Board endorsed the NC's view on the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors. Further details on the review of the directors' independence are set out under the section 'Directors' Independence' above.

At the same meeting, the NC also reviewed the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy as well as their implementation during 2022 and the training and professional development programmes provided to the Board during 2022. These are determined to be e ff ective.

## Multiple Directorships

As part of its functions, the NC also reviews the ability of each director to adequately carry out his/her duties as director of the Trustee-Manager taking into consideration all relevant facts, including annual declaration of director's time commitment from each Director to con fi rm to the Board his/her ability to devote su ffi cient time and attention to  the  a ff airs  of  the  Trust,  having  regard  to  his/her  directorship  and  other  principal  commitments  (and  related changes in such appointments or commitments during the year) outside the Group, attendance and contributions of the directors at meetings of the Board and/or, if applicable, its committees, level of commitment required of the director's other principal commitments, results of the assessment of the e ff ectiveness of the Board as a whole and its committees, and the respective directors' actual conduct and participation on the Board and its committees.

For the year 2022, the NC was of the view that each director has devoted su ffi cient time and attention to the a ff airs of the Trust and has been able to discharge his/her duties as director e ff ectively.  The NC noted that based on the attendance at meetings of the Board and its committees during the year, all directors were able to participate in all such meetings to carry out their duties. The NC is satis fi ed that all directors have been able to and had adequately carried out their duties notwithstanding, their multiple board representations, where applicable and other principal commitments.

## Succession planning

As  and  when  required,  the  NC  in  consultation  with  the  Chairman  (for  key  management  positions  only)  and/or external advisors, makes recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors, the CEO and key management personnel and succession planning for Directors (including Chairman of the Board), the CEO and key management personnel.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Performance

Principle 5

The NC implements an annual board evaluation process through the identi fi cation  of  the  objective  performance criteria and process for evaluation of the e ff ectiveness of the Board as a whole, and that of each of its committees separately, as well as the contributions by the Chairman and each individual director to the Board for the Board's approval.

Evaluation of the performance of the Board as a whole, each board committee, contribution by the Chairman and the Directors to the Board was conducted by evaluation questionnaires. The fi ndings of the questionnaires were evaluated and discussed by the Directors. The objective of such evaluation is to ensure that the Board, each board committee and the Directors continue to act e ff ectively in ful fi lling the duties and responsibilities expected of them. The  performance criteria  included  amongst  others,  the  composition,  expertise,  leadership  and  processes  of  the Board and its committees. The contribution and performance of the Chairman and individual directors are taken into account in their re-appointment. The Directors' attendance, participation in and out of meetings, his or her special skills  and  contributions  are  taken  into  consideration.  The  Trustee-Manager  believes  that  the  e ff ectiveness of the Directors' individual performance is best assessed by a qualitative assessment of a Director's contribution instead of focusing on the time committed to the Group. The Trustee-Manager considers that the existing practice is e ff ective.

The Board has reviewed and is satis fi ed that it has met its performance objectives and each Director has contributed positively to the overall e ff ectiveness of the Board.

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

## Principle 6

The RC was set up to oversee the design and implementation of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on remuneration for all Directors and key management personnel. It reviews the remuneration policy from time to time, considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, to ensure they are fair, and has the power to determine the framework for the remuneration and speci fi c remuneration packages of individual Directors and key management personnel including the CEO. The RC, where necessary, has access to independent professional advice on remuneration matters.

The RC comprises three members. During the year, Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning resigned as a member of the RC and Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana was appointed as a member of the RC. It is currently chaired by Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert, an Independent Non-executive Director, with Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana, a Non-executive Director, and Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei), an Independent Non-executive Director, as members. The composition of the RC meets the requirements of chairmanship and independence under the Code.

The RC held one meeting in 2022 with 100% attendance.

| NAME OF MEMBER  ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert (Chairman)  1/1  Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)  1/1  Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning *  1/1  Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana #  N.A./N.A.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* resigned with e ff ect from 15 December 2022

# appointed with e ff ect from 15 December 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The responsibilities of the RC are to assist the Board in achieving its objectives of attracting, retaining and motivating employees of the highest calibre and experience needed to shape and execute strategy across the Group's business operations.

During the year, the RC reviewed background information on market data (including economic indicators, statistics and the remuneration bulletin), the Group's business activities and human resources issues, and headcount and sta ff cost. It also reviewed and recommended the proposed 2023 directors' fees. The RC reviewed and approved the 2022 year end bonus and 2023 remuneration package of senior executives of the Group. No director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration. No remuneration consultant was engaged during the year.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

## Principle 7

The remuneration of key management personnel is determined with reference to their expertise and experience in  the  industry,  the  performance  and  pro fi tability  of  the  Group  as  well  as  remuneration  benchmarks  from  other local and international companies and prevailing market conditions. The level and structure of remuneration of key management personnel also have regard to the long-term interests and risk policies of the Group and comprise both fi xed and variable components for the purpose of achieving sustained performance and value creation of the Group, and to achieve its strategic objectives. The key management personnel participate in bonus arrangements which are determined in accordance with the performance of the Group and the individual's performance in order to promote the long-term success of the Group.

The remuneration of the Board is determined by the Trustee-Manager with reference to the contribution, taking into account e ff ort, time spent and responsibilities as well as remuneration benchmarks from other listed business trusts. The Directors are remunerated directly by the Trustee-Manager, not by HPH Trust.

The remuneration of the Trustee-Manager which is paid out of HPH Trust is provided for in the Trust Deed, fees paid to the Trustee-Manager for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 are set out on page 184 of the Annual Report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Disclosure on Remuneration

## Principle 8

Notwithstanding that the Directors are remunerated directly by the Trustee-Manager, and not the Trust, for the bene fi t of the unitholders, the table below sets out the remuneration of individual directors of the Trustee-Manager for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022:

| ## Name of Directors  Directors' fee (USD)  Executive or  Non-executive  director  Member or  chairperson  of AC  Member or  chairperson  of NC  Member or  chairperson  of RC  Member or  chairperson  of SC  Total  FOK Kin Ning, Canning  (i), (vii), &amp; (xi)  60,000.00  3,813.70*  63,813.70  Edith SHIH  (i), (v), (x) &amp; (xi)  60,000.00  2,739.73  4,109.59  66,849.32  IP Sing Chi  (ii) &amp; (xii)  60,000.00  60,000.00  LEE Tung Wan, Diana  (i), (vii), (ix) &amp; (xii)  60,000.00  186.30#  3,424.66  63,610.96  CHAN Tze Leung, Robert  (i), (iii) &amp; (viii)  60,000.00  20,000.00  5,000.00  85,000.00  FONG Chi Wai, Alex  (i) &amp; (ix)  60,000.00  3,424.66  63,424.66  Graeme Allan JACK  (i), (iv)  60,000.00  30,000.00  90,000.00  SNG Sow-Mei  (i), (iii), (v) &amp; (vii)  60,000.00  20,000.00  2,739.73  4,000.00  86,739.73  WONG Kwai Lam  (i) &amp; (vi)  60,000.00  3,424.66  63,424.66  Total  540,000.00  70,000.00  8,904.12  13,000.00  10,958.91  642,863.03   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- (i) Non-executive director
- (ii) Executive director
- (iii) Member of Audit Committee
- (iv) Chairperson of Audit Committee
- (v) Member of Nominating Committee
- (vi) Chairperson of Nominating Committee
- (vii) Member of Remuneration Committee
- (viii) Chairperson of Remuneration Committee
- (ix) Member of Sustainability Committee
- (x) Chairperson of Sustainability Committee
- (xi) such Directors' fees were paid to his/her employer, Hutchison International Limited, a subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited
- (xii) such Directors' fees were paid to his/her employer, Hutchison Ports Limited, a subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited
* resigned with e ff ect from 15 December 2022
- # appointed with e ff ect from 15 December 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The table below disclosed (a) the remuneration of the CEO and (b) in bands of S$250,000, the remuneration of the key management personnel (other than the CEO) for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022:

| Key management personnel  Salary  (%)  Variable  (%)  Bene  fi  ts  (%)  Total  (%)  S$1,000,001 to S$1,250,000  Mr. Ivor Chow  CEO  Managing Director, HIT  44  52  4  100 1  S$750,001 to S$1,000,000  Mr. Lawrence Shum  Managing Director, YANTIAN  49  46  5  100 3  S$500,001 to S$750,000  Mr. Jimmy Ng  CFO and Investor Relations O  ffi  cer  58  36  6  100 2  Ms. Ma Xiaoli  Managing Director, COSCO-HIT  54  41  5  100 3  Mr. Raymond Lam  Chief Operating O  ffi  cer of Hong Kong Seaport Alliance  Director - Operations, HIT  58  36  6  100 3  Mr. Raymond Chan  Director - Operations, YANTIAN  60  35  5  100 3  Less than S$250,000  Dr. Eric Su  Engineering Director  Director - Port Development &amp; Engineering, YANTIAN  (Resigned with e  ff  ect from 1 April 2022)  76  17  7  100 3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1 The total remuneration paid to Mr. Ivor Chow, the CEO, was S$1,106,000, most of which was paid by HIT to Mr. Ivor Chow in relation to his role as Managing Director of HIT and the remainder was paid by the Trustee-Manager (out of its own account).

- 2 Most of the total remuneration paid to Mr. Jimmy Ng, the CFO and Investor Relations O ffi cer, was paid by HPHT Limited and the remainder was paid by the Trustee-Manager (out of its own account).
- 3 Most  of  the  aggregate  compensation  of  the  relevant  key  management  personnel  was  paid  by  the  relevant  operating subsidiaries  of  the  Group  (i.e.  YANTIAN  to  Mr.  Lawrence  Shum  in  relation  to  his  role  as  Managing  Director  of  YANTIAN; Mr. Raymond Chan in relation to his role as Director - Operations of YANTIAN; Dr. Eric Su in relation to his role as Director -  Port  Development &amp; Engineering of YANTIAN; HIT to Mr. Raymond Lam in relation to his role as Chief Operating O ffi cer of  Hong  Kong  Seaport  Alliance  and  Director  -  Operations  of  HIT;  and  COSCO-HIT  to  Ms.  Ma  Xiaoli  in  relation  to  her role as Managing Director of COSCO-HIT), and the remainder of the aggregate compensation of each of the relevant key management personnel was paid by the Trustee-Manager (out of its own account). In 2022, the total remuneration paid to the above key executives (excluding the CEO) was S$3,285,000.
- 4 Remuneration  of  key  management  personnel  are  paid  in  Hong  Kong  dollar  ('HK$')  while  the  table  above  re fl ects  the remuneration  translated  in  Singapore  dollar  ('S$')  based  on  the  2022  average  HK$/S$  exchange  rate.  Therefore,  the remuneration set out in the table above are subject to currency exchange rates fl uctuations.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  remuneration  package  of  key  management  personnel  comprised  base  salaries,  variable  bonus,  long-term incentive award and bene fi ts.  Base  salaries  were determined based on the responsibilities of the job function and the market pay level of similar positions. The variable bonus and long-term incentive award were determined based on the Group's performance, the individual's overall work performance and achievement of the agreed performance targets. Long-term incentive awards are vested into cash over the vesting period of 3 years. Bene fi ts mainly refer to the provisions of retirement and medical bene fi ts which are in line with general market practice.

There  is  no  employee  of  the  Trustee-Manager  and  the  Group  who  is  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  TrusteeManager or a substantial unitholder of the Trust, an immediate family member of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Trustee-Manager or a substantial unitholder of the Trust, and whose remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

The Group currently does not have any compensation plan in the form of unit option scheme or arrangement to enable the key management personnel to acquire units in HPH Trust. There are no existing or proposed service agreements  with  the  CEO  and  the  key  management  personnel  of  HPH  Trust  that  provide  for  bene fi ts  upon termination of appointment, retirement or post-employment.

The remuneration of the Trustee-Manager is provided for in the Trust Deed. The Trustee-Manager is entitled under the  Trust  Deed  to  management fees,  acquisition  fee,  divestment  fee  and  development  fee  based  on  pre-agreed mechanisms set out in the Trust Deed. Fees paid to the Trustee-Manager for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 are set out on page 184 of the Annual Report.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

## Principle 9

The  Board  has  overall  responsibility  for  the  Group's  systems  of  risk  management  and  internal  controls  and,  to safeguard the interests of the Group and the unitholders.

In  meeting its responsibilities, the Board seeks to inculcate risk awareness across the Group's business operations and  has  put  in  place  policies  and  procedures,  including  parameters  of  delegated  authority,  which  provide  a framework for the identi fi cation, reporting and management of risks. The Board evaluates and determines the nature and extent of  the  risks  (including  environmental,  social  and  governance  related  risks)  that  the  Trustee-Manager is  willing  to  accept  in  pursuit  of  the  Group's  strategic  and  business  objectives.  It  also  reviews  and  monitors  the e ff ectiveness of the systems of risk management and internal control on an ongoing basis. The reporting and review processes include the review by the Executive Director and Board of the Group's budgets, strategic plans, detailed operational and fi nancial reports, budgets and plans provided by management of the business operations, actual results against the budget, review by the AC of the ongoing work of the Group's internal audit and risk management functions, as well as regular business reviews by the Executive Director, CEO, CFO and the executive management team of each core business division.

On behalf of the Board, the AC regularly reviews the corporate governance structure and practices within the Group and monitors compliance ful fi llment on an ongoing basis.

Whilst these procedures are designed to identify and manage risks that could adversely impact the achievement of the Group's business objectives, they do not provide absolute assurance against material mis-statement, errors, losses, fraud or non-compliance.

## Internal Control Environment and Systems

Group structures covering all subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures are maintained and updated on a timely and regular basis. Managing Directors or General Managers are appointed to the boards of all material operating  subsidiaries  and  associated  companies  for  overseeing  and  monitoring  those  companies,  including attendance at board meetings, review and approval of budgets and plans, and determination of business strategies with associated risks identi fi ed and key business performance targets set. The executive management team of each core business division is accountable for the conduct and performance of each business in the division within the agreed strategies, and similarly management of each business is accountable for its conduct and performance. The CEO monitors the performance and reviews the risk pro fi les of the Group companies on an on-going basis.

The internal  control  procedures  of  the  Group  include  a  comprehensive  system  for  reporting  information  to  the executive management teams of each core business units and the Executive Director.

Business plans and budgets are prepared annually by management of individual businesses and subject to review and approval by both the executive management team and the Executive Director as part of the Group's fi ve-year corporate planning cycle. Reforecasts for the current year are prepared on a quarterly basis, reviewed for variances to the budget and for approval. When setting budgets and reforecasts, management identi fi es, evaluates and reports on the likelihood and potential fi nancial impact of signi fi cant business risks.

The Executive Director reviews monthly management reports on the fi nancial results and key operating statistics of  each  business and holds monthly meetings with the executive management team and senior management of business operations to review these reports, business performance against budgets, forecasts, signi fi cant business risk sensitivities and strategies. In addition, fi nance directors and fi nancial controllers of each of the major businesses attend monthly meetings with the CFO to review monthly performance against budget and forecast, and to address accounting and fi nance related matters.

The Group maintains a centralised cash management system for its subsidiary operations. The Group's Finance Department oversees the Group's investment and lending activities and also evaluates and monitors fi nancial and operational risks, and makes recommendations to the Management to mitigate those risks. Treasury reports on the Group's cash and liquid investments, borrowings and movements thereof are distributed weekly.

The  Group  has  established  guidelines  and  procedures  for  the  approval  and  control  of  expenditures.  Operating expenditures are subject to overall budget control and are controlled within each business with approval levels set by reference to the level of responsibility of each executive and o ffi cer.  Capital expenditures are subject to overall control within the annual budget review and approval process, and more speci fi cally,  material  expenditures within the approved budget as well as unbudgeted expenditures are subject to approval by the Executive Director, the CEO or the CFO prior to commitment. Quarterly reports of actual versus budgeted and approved expenditures are also reviewed.

The  Group  also  has  established  treasury  policies  covering  speci fi c  aspects,  such  as  bank  account  control  and procedures, monitoring and compliance control for loan covenants, approval and reporting process for derivatives and hedging transactions.

In  terms of formal review of the Group's internal control system, an internal control self-assessment process is in place,  requiring  the  executive  management  team  and  senior  management of each core business unit to review, evaluate and declare the e ff ectiveness of the controls over the operations and devise action plans to address the issues, if any. These assessment results, together with the Risk Management Report described later in this report and the independent assessments by the auditors, form part of the bases on which the AC formulates its opinion on the e ff ectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems.

HPH  Trust  is  committed  to  high  standards  of  business  integrity.  The  Group  has  in  place  an  internal  policy  on competition law compliance, set out guidelines and conducts trainings for employees to ensure compliance with competition law in all its business dealings and conduct.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Review of Risk Management and Internal Controls Systems

The Trustee-Manager regularly reviews the business and operational activities  of  HPH  Trust  to  identify  areas  of signi fi cant business risk, assess how the risks are being managed, as well as take appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. HPH Trust adopts the Enterprise Risk Management framework which is consistent with the COSO (the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission) framework. The framework facilitates a systematic approach in identifying, assessing and managing risks (including sustainability risks) within the Group, be they of strategic, fi nancial, operational or compliance nature.

Risk management is an integral part of the day-to-day operations and management of the Group and is a continuous process  carried  out  at  all  levels  of  the  Group.  There  are  ongoing  dialogues  between  the  CEO,  CFO  and  the Management about current and emerging risks, their plausible impact and mitigation measures. These measures include instituting additional controls and deploying appropriate insurance instruments to minimise or transfer the impact of risks to the Group's businesses. The latter also includes Directors and O ffi cers Liability Insurance to protect Directors and o ffi cers of the Group against potential personal legal liabilities.

In  terms of formal risk review and reporting, the Group adopts a 'top-down and bottom-up' approach, involving regular input from each core business unit as well as discussions and reviews by the Management, CEO and CFO and the Board, through the AC. More speci fi cally,  on  a  half-yearly  basis,  each core business unit is required to formally identify and assess the signi fi cant risks (including sustainability risks) their business faces, whilst the CEO and CFO provide input after taking a holistic assessment of all the signi fi cant risks that the Group faces. In 2022, the Group has  levelled  up  the  assessment  of  material  sustainability  risks  to  ensure  that  the  risks  are  being  appropriately managed (please refer to the Sustainability Report section set out on pages 36 to 94 of the Annual Report for more details).  Relevant  risk  information  including  key  mitigation  measures and plans are recorded in a risk register to facilitate the ongoing review and tracking of progress.

The composite risk register together with the risk heat map, as con fi rmed by the CEO and CFO, form part of the risk management report for review and approval by the AC on a half-yearly basis. The AC, on behalf of the Board, reviews the report and provides input as appropriate so as to ensure e ff ective risk management is in place.

The  Board  has  received  assurance  from  (i)  the  CEO  and  the  CFO  that  the  Group's fi nancial  records  have  been properly maintained and the fi nancial statements give a true and fair view of HPH Trust's operations and fi nances and  (ii)  the  CEO  and  other  relevant  key  management  personnel  that  the  internal  controls  (including fi nancial, operational,  compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems in place within the Group are adequate and e ff ective in addressing the material risks in the Group in its current business environment for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022.

The  Board,  through  the  AC,  has  conducted  a  review  of  the  adequacy  and  e ff ectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal controls (including fi nancial,  operational,  compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022. Based on such reviews and the work performed by the internal and external auditors, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, is of the opinion that the Group's risk management and internal control systems addressing material fi nancial, operational, compliance and information technology risks are adequate and e ff ective to meet the needs of the Group in its current business environment as at 31 December 2022. Such review covered reviews on the Group's compliance with terms provided for in the right of fi rst  refusal  agreement ('ROFR Agreement') and the non-compete agreement ('Non-Compete Agreement'), both dated 28 February 2011 and amended by the respective amendment agreement dated 22 December 2015, entered into between HPH and the Trustee-Manager, in its capacity as the trustee-manager of HPH Trust. Details of the ROFR Agreement and Non-Compete Agreement are set out in the 'Statement of Policies and Practices' section on pages 122 to 123 of the Annual Report. The Board notes that the system of risk management and internal controls established by the Management provides reasonable assurance that the Group, as it strives to achieve its business objectives, will not be signi fi cantly a ff ected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen or anticipated. However, the Board also notes that no system of risk management and internal controls can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against poor judgement in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## Audit Committee

Principle 10

As at 31 December 2022, the AC comprised three Independent Non-executive Directors who possessed the relevant business,  accounting  and fi nancial  management  experience  and  skills  to  understand fi nancial  statements  and contribute to the fi nancial governance, internal controls and risk management of HPH Trust. It is chaired by Mr. Graeme Allan Jack with Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei) and Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert as members.

The AC held four meetings in 2022 with 100% attendance. All members attended the AC meetings held in 2022.

| NAME OF MEMBER  ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Mr. Graeme Allan Jack (Chairman)  4/4  Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert  4/4  Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)  4/4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the AC performed the duties and responsibilities under its terms of reference and other duties of the Code.

Acting in accordance with its terms of reference, throughout the year the AC oversees the relationship between the Trustee-Manager and its external auditor and external audit process, reviews the Group's half-yearly and full-year results and fi nancial statements, and formal announcements relating to the Group's fi nancial performance, oversees the  Group's  internal  control  and  risk  management  function,  monitors  compliance  with  statutory  and  the  SGX-ST Listing  Manual requirements, reviews the scope, extent and e ff ectiveness of the activities of the Group's internal audit function, and also oversees interested person transactions of the Group. Under its terms of reference, the AC is also required to report to the Board any inadequacies or de fi ciencies or matters of concern within its terms of  reference and engage independent legal and other advisers and perform investigations as it determines to be necessary. The AC considers and makes recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditors, their remuneration and terms of engagement.

The  AC  meets  with  the  CEO  and  CFO  and  other  senior  management  of  the  Group  from  time  to  time  to  review the  half-yearly  and  full-year  results  and  financial  statements,  and  any  formal  financial  performance-related announcements and other fi nancial,  internal  control,  corporate governance and risk management matters of the Group. It receives, considers and discusses the reports and presentations of the Management, the Group's internal and  external  auditors,  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP  ('PwC'),  to  ensure  that  the  Group's  consolidated fi nancial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and Singapore and comply with the applicable disclosure requirements of the BTA, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of fi nancial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. It also meets at least four times a year with PwC to consider their reports on the scope, strategy, progress and outcome of its independent review of the half-yearly fi nancial information, its annual audit of the consolidated fi nancial statements as well as to discuss other matters arising from their audit of the Group. In addition, the AC holds regular private meetings with PwC, the CFO and the internal auditor separately without the presence of the Management. During these meetings, the following key audit matters as reported by the external auditor for the year ended 31 December 2022 were addressed as follows:

| Signi  fi  cant Matters  How the AC reviewed these matters  Asset impairment  The AC discussed with the Management on the approach, valuation methodology and key  assumptions applied to the asset impairment assessment. The AC also discussed with the  external auditor and took into consideration the audit procedures undertaken to address  such matter.  Revenue recognition  The AC had discussion with the Management on tari  ff  s  applied  and  the  adequacy  and  appropriateness of the revenue provision. They also discussed with the external auditor  on their  work  performed,  including  their  assessment  of  the  key  controls  over  revenue  recognition.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

To  assist  the  Board  in  assessing  the  overall  governance,  risk  management  and  internal  control  framework  and maintaining e ff ective risk management and internal control systems, in 2022, the AC also reviewed the process by which the Group evaluated its control environment and managed signi fi cant  risks  (including  sustainability  risks). It  received  and considered the risk management report, the composite risk register, risk heat map as well as the Management presentation on their review with respect to the e ff ectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

In  addition,  the  AC  reviewed,  in  conjunction  with  the  Group's  Internal  Audit,  the  2022  work  plans  and  resource requirements, and deliberated on the reports regarding the e ff ectiveness of risk management and internal controls in the business operations of the Group. Further, it also considered the reports from the Legal Department on the Group's material litigation proceedings and compliance status on legal and regulatory requirements. These reviews and reports were taken into consideration by the AC when it made its recommendation to the Board for approval of the consolidated fi nancial statements. During 2022, the AC also received periodic presentations on, and reviewed the compliance status of the Group with respect of the Code as well as other corporate governance topics including the Group's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and ensured that any deviation from the Code was properly explained and disclosed in this report. The AC has adequate resources, including access to external consultants and auditors, to enable it to discharge its responsibilities properly.

The AC reviewed the volume and nature of all non-audit services provided by the external auditor and received the requisite  information  from  the  external  auditor  evidencing  the  latter's  independence.  Based  on  the  information received and review of the AC, the AC is satis fi ed that the non-audit services provided by the external auditor will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditor. Having considered the performance and independence of PwC, the AC recommended to the Board on the re-appointment of PwC as the external auditor which will be considered by the unitholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

The total fees paid to the external auditor, PwC, are disclosed in the table below:

| External Auditor Fees For FY2022  HK$'000  % of total fees  Total Audit Fees  14,884  93%  Total Non-Audit Fees  1,183  7%  Total Fees Paid  16,067  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based on the Interested Person Transactions Policy, the AC monitored the procedures established by the TrusteeManager to regulate interested person transactions to ensure timely, complete and accurate reporting of these transactions. The AC also reviewed the volume and nature of interested person transactions. No AC member is a former partner or director of HPH Trust's existing auditing fi rm or auditing corporation (a) within a period of two years commencing on the date of his/her ceasing to be a partner or director and in any case (b) for as long as he/she has any fi nancial interest in auditing fi rm or auditing corporation.

## Whistleblowing

In  line  with  the  commitment  to  achieve  and  maintain  high  standards  of  openness,  probity  and  accountability, the  Trustee-Manager  expects  and  encourages  employees  of  the  Group  and  those  who  deal  with  the  Group (e.g.  customers, suppliers, creditors and debtors) to report to the Trustee-Manager, in con fi dence, any suspected impropriety,  misconduct or malpractice concerning the Group. In this regard, the Trustee-Manager has adopted the Whistleblowing Policy. The procedures aim to provide reporting channels and guidance on reporting possible improprieties and reassurance to whistleblowers of the protection that the Group will extend to them in the formal system, including anonymity and legal protection against detrimental or unfair treatment for any genuine reports made. The Board delegated the authority to the AC, which is responsible for ensuring that proper arrangements are in place for independent investigation of any matters raised in good faith and appropriate follow-up actions are taken.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  AC  is  responsible  for  the  oversight  and  monitoring  of  the  matters  raised  through  the  whistleblowing channel. Under its terms of reference, the AC may report to the Board the signi fi cant matters raised through the whistleblowing channel. The Whistleblowing Policy sets out procedures which seek to ensure the identity of the whistleblower is kept con fi dential. To this end, the Trustee-Manager has deployed mechanism (such as speci fi c email address and post box) to restrict access to the identity of the whistleblower by the Deputy Company Secretary and the General Manager of Internal Audit of the Trustee-Manager only. To prohibit obstructive or retaliatory actions, the Trustee-Manager may take any disciplinary, administrative and/or other action against any person or entity who engages in obstructive or retaliatory action against the whistleblower. The Whistleblowing Policy is available on HPH Trust's corporate website (https://www.hphtrust.com/corporate\_governance.html).

## Internal Audit

The Group's internal audit function is performed by the internal audit sta ff of the controlling unitholder and does not administratively report to the CEO.

The General Manager of the Group's internal audit function, reporting directly to the chairman of the AC, provides independent  assurance  as  to  the  existence  and  e ff ectiveness  of  the  risk  management  activities  and  controls  in the  Group's  business  operations  worldwide.  It  has  wide  authority  to  access  documents,  records,  properties  and personnel of the Group. By applying risk assessment methodology and considering the dynamics of the Group's activities, internal audit function devises its three-year risk-based audit plan for review by the AC. The audit plan is subject to continuous reassessment taking into account external and internal factors such as macroeconomic and regulatory changes, business and operational changes, emerging risks and opportunities (including sustainabilityrelated ones), as well as audit and fraud fi ndings which may a ff ect the risk pro fi le of the Group during the year.

Internal  audit  is  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems,  including reviewing the interested person transactions of HPH Trust, formulating an impartial opinion on the systems, and reporting its fi ndings to the AC, the CEO, the CFO and the senior management concerned as well as following up on the issues to ensure that they are satisfactorily resolved within the agreed timeline. In addition, internal audit maintains a regular dialogue with the Group's external auditor so that the parties are aware of the signi fi cant factors which may a ff ect their respective scope of work.

Depending on the nature of business and risk exposure of individual business units, the scope of work performed by the internal audit function includes fi nancial, IT,  operations, business ethics, governance policy and regulatory compliance reviews, recurring and surprise audits, as well as productivity e ffi ciency reviews.

The Internal Audit team including the Head of Internal Audit attained a combination of one or more professional quali fi cations in accountancy, internal audit, information systems audit, fraud examination, and also has specialised knowledge in relevant areas like engineering. In addition, all the managerial grade sta ff have  an  average of over 20  years  of  experience  in  audit.  The  internal  auditor  carried  out  their  audit  work  based  on  the  Code  of  Ethics and International Standards for the Professional Practices for Internal Auditing issued by The Institute of Internal Auditors,  which  provide  guidance  for  the  professional  conduct  of  internal  auditing.  Depending  on  the  nature  of business and risk exposure of individual business units, the scope of work performed by the internal audit function includes fi nancial and operations reviews, business ethics, the reviews of compliance and information technology controls as well as risk management system, recurring and surprise audits, fraud investigations and productivity e ffi ciency reviews. The internal Audit team also incorporates the sustainability reporting processes into its internal audit plan, taking into consideration the expectations of the Board, Management and other stakeholders as part of HPH Trust's prioritisation of material ESG factors. During the course of their work, the internal audit function is given full access to any documents, records or personnel including access to the AC.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  internal  audit  function  is  also  responsible  for  periodic  fraud  analyses  and  independent  investigations.  In accordance with the Group's Code of Conduct and Anti-Fraud and Anti-Bribery Policy, each business unit follows the stated escalation procedures to report to the CFO and the General Manager of Internal Audit of the TrusteeManager any actual or suspected fraudulent activities within one working day should the amount involved exceed the de minimis threshold as agreed between the CFO and the CEO or the head of fi nance of each business unit. In addition, each business unit submits a summary of fraud incidents statistics to the CFO who reports the statistics to the General Manager of Internal Audit of the Trustee-Manager on a quarterly basis. These cases, together with those escalated through the whistleblowing channels, are recorded in the Trustee-Manager's centralised fraud incidents register under the custody of the General Manager of Internal Audit of the Trustee-Manager, and are independently assessed and investigated as appropriate. The General Manager of Internal Audit of the Trustee-Manager would promptly escalate any incidents of a material nature to the Chairman of the AC for his direction. Also, a summary of  the  fraud  incidents and relevant statistics (including results of independent investigations and actions taken) is presented to the AC on a quarterly basis.

Reports from the external auditor on internal controls and relevant fi nancial reporting matters are presented to the General Manager of the Group's internal audit function and, as appropriate, to the CFO and the fi nance director or fi nancial controller of the relevant executive management team. These reports are reviewed and the appropriate actions are taken.

The  AC  reviews  the  adequacy  and  e ff ectiveness  of  the  internal  audit  function  annually.  The  review  covers  an assessment on the adequacy, quali fi cations and experience of its sta ff .

Based on the reporting structure, the methodology and standard used, the above-mentioned reviews and the work performed by the internal auditor, the AC is satis fi ed that the internal audit function is independent, e ff ective and adequately resourced.

## SUSTAINABILITY

## Sustainability Governance

The  Group's  sustainability  governance  structure  provides  a  solid  foundation  for  developing  and  delivering  its commitment to sustainability, which is embedded at all levels of the Group, including the Board, the SC, the AC, the Sustainability Working Group as well as sustainability functions embedded across all core businesses.

The SC, elevated as a Board level committee on 26 April 2022, is chaired by Ms. Edith Shih with Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex and Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana as members.

The  responsibilities  of  the  SC  are  to  propose  and  recommend  to  the  Board  on  the  Group's  corporate  social responsibility  and  sustainability  objectives,  strategies,  priorities,  initiatives  and  goals.  It  oversees,  reviews  and evaluates actions taken by the Group in furtherance of the corporate social responsibility and sustainability priorities and  goals,  including  coordinating  with  business  divisions  of  the  Group  and  ensuring  that  their  operations  and practices adhere to the relevant priorities and goals. The SC also reviews and reports to the Board on sustainability risks  and opportunities as well as the sustainability reporting process, monitors and assesses emerging corporate social responsibility and sustainability issues and trends that could impact the business operations and performance of  the  Group.  Moreover,  it  considers  the  impact  of  the  Trustee-Manager's  corporate  social  responsibility  and sustainability on its stakeholders, including employees, shareholders, local communities and the environment and reviews  and  advises  the  Board  on  the  Trustee-Manager's  public  communication,  disclosure  and  publications  as regards to its corporate social responsibility and sustainability performance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The SC (established in April 2022) held one meeting in 2022 with 100% attendance.

| NAME OF MEMBER  ATTENDED / ELIGIBLE TO ATTEND  Ms. Edith Shih (Chairperson)  1/1  Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex  1/1  Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  2022,  the  SC  reviewed  the  2022  plan  on  sustainability  for  the  Group,  including  the  following  high-level priorities:  (i)  developing  a  group-level strategy and set of targets, built on the foundation of business division-level strategies and supported by the Sustainability Working Group; (ii) continuing to engage investors and respond to their feedback, as well as to improve sustainability ratings; (iii) increasing external communications to further elevate the  sustainability  pro fi le  of  HPH  Trust  with  all  stakeholders;  (iv)  continuing  to  integrate  sustainability  into  core business processes; and (v) continuing to build employee engagement.

In  addition, the SC also reviewed the sustainability KPIs and related activities, framework of the 2022 sustainability report and 2022 sustainability initiatives of HPH Trust.

Supporting the SC is the Sustainability Working Group, comprising the CEO and the CFO, as well as other senior executives from key business units and departments that impact the material sustainability issues of the Group.

Sustainability  is  embedded  in  the  risk  management  approach  of  the  Group,  through  the  bi-annual  formal examination of all business divisions as to their material sustainability risks and presentations to senior management their plans on how these risks are managed as part of the bi-annual review of risk management and internal control systems. As an integral part of sustainability governance, these self-assessment results are subject to internal audits.

For other sustainability aspects of the Group, please refer to the Sustainability Report set out on pages 36 to 94 of the Annual Report, which had been reviewed and approved by the SC at its meeting on 7 February 2023.

## Legal and Regulatory

The Group is committed to ensuring its businesses are operated in compliance with local and international laws, rules  and  regulations.  The  Legal  Department  has  the  responsibility  for  safeguarding  the  legal  interests  of  the Group. It is responsible for monitoring the day-to-day legal a ff airs of the Group, including preparing, reviewing and approving all legal documentation of Group companies, working in conjunction with fi nance, tax, treasury, corporate secretarial  and  business  unit  personnel  on  the  review  and  co-ordination  process,  and  advising  the  Management on legal and commercial issues of concern. In addition, the Legal Department is also responsible for overseeing regulatory compliance matters of all Group companies. It analyses and monitors the regulatory frameworks within which  the  Group  operates,  including  reviewing  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  preparing  and  submitting responses or fi lings  to  relevant  regulatory and/ or government authorities on regulatory issues and consultations. The department also determines and approves the engagement of external legal advisers, ensuring the requisite professional standards are adhered to as well as most cost e ff ective services are rendered.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## UNITHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Unitholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle 11

The Trustee-Manager treats all unitholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise unitholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters a ff ecting HPH Trust. The Trustee-Manager gives unitholders a balanced and understandable assessment of the performance, position and prospects of HPH Trust.

All  unitholders  are  entitled  to  attend  the  general  meeting(s)  of  unitholders  and  are  given  the  opportunity  to participate e ff ectively in the meeting(s). In accordance with the Trust Deed, individual or corporate unitholder (other than a unitholder who is a Relevant Intermediary with such meaning ascribed to it in the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore and applied with such modi fi cation and quali fi cations as may be necessary, to the units of HPH Trust) is  allowed to appoint up to two proxies to attend and vote at the general meeting(s) on his or her behalf through proxy  forms  sent  in  advance.  Unitholders  who  hold  units  through  nominees  such  as  custodian  banks  may  vote through their nominee or custodian banks. Such unitholders may also, upon presentation of o ffi cial letters issued by their nominees, attend the general meeting(s) as observers, subject to availability of seats. However, the Trust Deed does not allow for absentee voting at general meeting of unitholders. Since the authentication of unitholder identity information and other related security issues still remain a concern and given that the existing measures in place as outlined above would su ffi ciently enable unitholders to exercise their rights as unitholders and provide them the opportunity to communicate their views on matters a ff ecting HPH Trust even when they are not in attendance at general meetings, the Trustee-Manager has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia by mail, email or fax.

Each item of special business included in the notice of the general meetings is accompanied, where appropriate, by an explanation for the proposed resolution. Separate resolutions are proposed for substantially separate issues at the meetings and not bundled together unless the resolutions are interdependent and form one signi fi cant proposal.

Due to the outbreak of the COVID-19, the Annual General Meeting of the unitholders of HPH Trust ('Annual General Meeting') held on 26 April 2022 was convened and held by electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (as amended) ('COVID-19 Order'). The 2022 Annual General Meeting was attended by all Directors and the external auditors. Unitholders' queries were addressed in advance before the 2022 Annual General Meeting.

Voting  at  all  general  meetings  are  conducted  by  way  of  poll.  Voting  by  proxy  was  used  for  the  Annual  General Meeting held on 26 April 2022 pursuant to the COVID-19 Order. Unitholders are informed of the rules of the Annual General Meeting and voting procedures under the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 4 April 2022. Detailed results of the outcome are announced after the meeting via SGXNet.

The  Company  Secretary  prepares  minutes  of  unitholders'  meetings.  The  minutes  of  the  Annual  General Meeting  held  on  26  April  2022  are  announced  via  SGXNet  and  are  available  on  HPH  Trust's  corporate  website (https://www.hphtrust.com/download.html).

HPH Trust's distribution policy is to distribute 100% of its Distributable Income. HPH Trust will make distributions on a semi-annual basis, with the amount calculated as at 30 June and 31 December each year for the six-month period ending on each of the said dates.

## Engagement with Unitholders

## Principle 12

The Group actively promotes investor relations and communication with the investment community throughout the year. An Investor Relations Policy, which is available on HPH Trust's corporate website, was adopted by the Board and is subject to regular review to ensure its e ff ectiveness and compliance with the prevailing regulatory and other requirements. Through its CEO and CFO and the Group's Corporate A ff airs function, the Group responds to requests for information and queries from the investment community including unitholders, analysts and the media through regular  brie fi ng  meetings,  announcements, conference calls and presentations. In addition, based on the Trust's Investor Relations Policy, unitholders may, at any time, direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide comments and suggestions to Directors or Management of HPH Trust via HPH Trust's Investor Relations team, whose contact details are available from HPH Trust's corporate website.

The Board is committed to providing clear and full information on the Group to unitholders through the publication of  notices,  announcements,  circulars,  half-yearly  and  full-year fi nancial  results.  The  Trustee-Manager  does  not practise  selective  disclosures  and  releases  its fi nancial  results  and  other  material  information  to  the  unitholders of HPH Trust on a timely basis in accordance with the requirements of the SGX-ST Listing Manual, via the SGXNet system.  All  announcements  made  on  behalf  of  HPH  Trust  are  also  available  on  HPH  Trust's  corporate  website throughout the year.

All unitholders of HPH Trust will receive a copy of the Annual Report, and Notice of Annual General Meeting of the unitholders annually. Notices of all general meetings of the unitholders will also be advertised in a major newspaper in Singapore and will be made available on the SGX-ST's website.

The  Annual  General  Meeting  and  other  general  meetings  of  HPH  Trust  provide  one  of  the  primary  forums  for communication with Unitholders and for Unitholders' participation.  Such  meetings  provide  Unitholders  with  the opportunity to share their views and to meet the Board, and certain members of senior management. At the Annual General Meeting, HPH Trust's fi nancial performance and business for the preceding year is presented to Unitholders, followed  by  a  question  and  answer  session  which  fosters  a  constructive  dialogue  between  Unitholders,  Board members and Management. The Board members and senior management also engage with Unitholders before and after the Annual General Meeting and address their concerns as and when appropriate. These exchanges provide a forum for management to explain HPH Trust's strategy and fi nancial performance.

In  respect  of  the  Annual  General  Meeting  held  on  26  April  2022,  HPH  Trust  adopted  alternative  arrangements pursuant to the COVID-19 Order.

Further information concerning the Group and its business can be located on corporate website.

The Group values feedback from unitholders on its e ff orts to promote transparency and foster investor relationships. Comments and suggestions to the Board or HPH Trust are welcome and can be addressed to the Group Corporate A ff airs  function by mail at 150 Beach Road, #17-03 Gateway West, Singapore 189720 or by email to the Group at ir@hphtrust.com.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle 13

The  Board  adopts  an  inclusive  approach  by  considering  and  balancing  the  needs  and  interests  of  material stakeholders,  as  part  of  its  overall  responsibility  to  ensure  that  the  best  interests  of  the  Group  are  served.  For details,  please  refer  to  the  Sustainability  Report  and  Investor  Relations  section  set  out  on  pages  36  to  94  and page  95  of  the  Annual  Report  respectively.  Information  on  the  Group  is  also  available  at  its  corporate  website (https://www.hphtrust.com).

## DEALING IN SECURITIES

The Trustee-Manager has adopted its own internal compliance code to provide guidance to all o ffi cers of the TrusteeManager with regard to dealings in units of HPH Trust ('Policies on Dealing in Securities') in compliance with Rule 1207(19) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual. Pursuant to the Policies on Dealing in Securities e ff ective for the year 2022, the Directors and o ffi cers of the Trustee-Manager and the Group are prohibited from dealing in the Units:

- (a) in the period commencing one month before the public announcement of HPH Trust's half-year and full-year results, and expiring on the date of announcement of the relevant results; and
- (b) at any time while in possession of price sensitive information.

The  Directors  and  o ffi cers  of  the  Group  are  also  expected  not  to  deal  in  the  units  of  HPH  Trust  on  short-term considerations and to observe insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing with units of HPH Trust within the permitted trading period.

In  response  to  speci fi c  enquiries  made,  all  Directors  have  con fi rmed  that  they  have  complied  with  the  relevant Policies on Dealing in Securities in their securities transactions throughout 2022. Key o ffi cers may, as requested by the Trustee-Manager, be required to con fi rm annually that they have complied with and are not in breach of the provisions of the relevant Policies on Dealing in Securities.

## STATEMENT OF POLICIES AND PRACTICES

The  Trustee-Manager  has  established  the  following  policies  and  practices  in  relation  to  its  management  and governance:

- (a) The trust property of HPH Trust is properly accounted for and the trust property is kept distinct from the property of the Trustee-Manager held in its own capacity. Di ff erent bank accounts are maintained for the Trustee-Manager in its capacity as trustee-manager of HPH Trust and the Trustee-Manager in its own capacity, and regular internal reviews are carried out to ascertain that all trust property has been fully accounted for.
- (b) The Management provides regular updates to the Board and the AC about potential projects that it is looking into on behalf of HPH Trust and the Board and the AC ensure that all such projects are within the permitted business scope under the Trust Deed. Prior to the carrying out of any signi fi cant business transaction, the Board, the AC and/ or the Management will have careful regard to the provisions of the Trust Deed and when in doubt seek advice from professional advisers.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (c) The Trustee-Manager is not involved in any other businesses other than managing HPH Trust. All potential con fl icts,  if  they  arise,  will  be  identi fi ed  and  reviewed by the Board and the Management. In addition, the majority of the Board are Independent Directors of the Trustee-Manager who do not have management or business relationships with the Trustee-Manager and are independent from any substantial shareholder of the Trustee-Manager and are therefore able to examine independently and objectively, any potential con fl icts between the interest of the Trustee-Manager in its own capacity and the interests of all unitholders of HPH Trust. In respect of matters in which a Director has an interest, direct or indirect, such interested Director will  abstain from participating in the review and approval process with regard to the matter. There is (i) the Non-Compete Agreement pursuant to which  HPH  has  undertaken  not  to  invest  in,  develop,  operate  and manage deep-water container ports in the Guangdong Province, Hong Kong and Macau and HPH Trust has undertaken not to invest in,  develop,  operate  and  manage  deep-water  container  ports  in  any  part  of  the world outside of the Guangdong Province, Hong Kong and Macau, save that HPH may pursue any investment opportunity (including undertaking green fi eld  port  development) declined by HPH Trust; and (ii) the ROFR Agreement pursuant to which (aa) a right of fi rst refusal has been granted by HPH to HPH Trust to acquire a port development project or a developed port falling within the investment mandate of HPH Trust and owned by HPH or its subsidiaries and (bb) a right of fi rst  refusal  has  been granted by the Trustee-Manager as the trustee-manager of HPH Trust to HPH to acquire a port development project or a developed port of HPH Trust, both on terms and conditions contained in the ROFR Agreement. The Trustee-Manager maintains a register of all opportunities/transactions arising from the implementation of the Non-Compete Agreement and the ROFR Agreement. Also, the Trustee-Manager incorporates in its internal audit plan, a review of the implementation of  the  Non-Compete Agreement and the ROFR Agreement and the AC reviews the internal audit reports at least twice a year to ascertain that the terms of the Non-Compete Agreement and the ROFR Agreement have been complied with.
- (d) The Management identi fi es  interested  person  transactions  in  relation  to  HPH  Trust.  The  Trustee-Manager maintains a register to record all interested person transactions which are entered into by HPH Trust and the bases, including any quotations from unrelated parties obtained to support such bases, on which they are entered into. The Trustee-Manager incorporates into its internal audit plan a review of all interested person transactions entered into by HPH Trust. The AC reviews the internal audit reports at least twice a year to ascertain that the guidelines and procedures established to monitor interested person transactions have been complied with and conducts an annual review of all such transactions to determine if such transactions have been conducted on normal commercial terms and will not be prejudicial to the interests of HPH Trust and the unitholders. In addition, all such interested person transactions conducted and any contract entered into by the Trustee-Manager on behalf of HPH Trust with a related party of the Trustee-Manager or HPH Trust, shall comply with and be in accordance with all applicable requirements of the SGX-ST Listing Manual and the BTA as well as such other guidelines as may from time to time be prescribed to apply to business trusts.
- (e) The expenses payable to the Trustee-Manager in its capacity as the trustee-manager of HPH Trust out of the Trust property are appropriate and in accordance with the Trust Deed, and regular internal reviews are carried out to ensure such expenses payable are in order. Fees and expenses paid to the Trustee-Manager out of HPH Trust property for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 are disclosed in note 29(i)(f) to the fi nancial statements, on page 185 of the Annual Report.
- (f) The  Trustee-Manager  has  engaged  the  services  of  and  obtained  advice  from  professional  advisers  and consultants from time to time, and has complied with the requirements of the BTA and the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The aggregate of transactions entered into with interested persons of HPH Trust during the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022 pursuant to Rule 907 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual are as follows:

| Name of Interested Person  Nature of  Relationship  Aggregate value  of all interested  person transactions  during the  fi  nancial  year under  review (excluding  transactions less  than S$100,000  and transactions  conducted under  unitholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  Aggregate value  of all interested  person transactions  conducted under  unitholders'  mandate pursuant to  Rule 920 (excluding  transactions less  than S$100,000)  2022  2021  2022 and 2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (a)  Sales of Goods and Services  CKHH is the  controlling  unitholder of  HPH Trust and  controlling  shareholder  of the Trustee-  Manager  b  b  CKHH and its subsidiaries and its  associates  b  b  b  -  A. S. Watson Group (HK) Limited  4,081  3,768  b  -  A. S. Watson Retail (HK) Limited  77,817  99,225  b  -  Hong Kong Air Cargo Terminals Limited  3,985  6,125  b  -  Hutchison Logistics Limited - F.Z.E.  2,709  -  b  -  Hutchison Logistics (UK) Limited  7,000  7,725  NIL  -  Hutchison Port Holdings Limited  43,498  41,666  b  -  Hutchison Telephone Company Limited  654  2,071  b  -  Jiangmen International Container  Terminals Limited  -  1,095  b  -  PARKnSHOP (HK) Limited  10,167  8,730  b  -  Watson's Water (HK) Limited  1,255  1,209  b  (b)  Purchases  b  b  CKHH and its subsidiaries and its  associates  b  b  b  -  Bigboxx.com Limited  638  735  b  -  HPH Corporate Services Limited  9,216  910  b  -  HUD General Engineering Services Ltd  5,337  579  b  -  Hutchison International Limited  9,198  8,764  b  -  Hutchison Logistics (Shanghai) Limited  3,727  1,584  b  -  Hutchison Logistics (UK) Limited  -  740  NIL  -  Hutchison Logistics Centre  Management Limited  5,529  5,374  -  Hutchison Port Holdings Limited  146,041  156,913  b  -  Hutchison Ports nGen Services Limited  13,256  13,659  b  -  Hutchison Telecommunications (Hong  Kong) Limited  2,395  2,203  b  -  South Asia Pakistan Terminals Ltd  3,203  4,021  b  -  Whampoa Property Management  Limited  1,102  1,102  b   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of Interested Person  Nature of  Relationship  Aggregate value  of all interested  person transactions  during the  fi  nancial  year under  review (excluding  transactions less  than S$100,000  and transactions  conducted under  unitholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  Aggregate value  of all interested  person transactions  conducted under  unitholders'  mandate pursuant to  Rule 920 (excluding  transactions less  than S$100,000)  2022  2021  2022 and 2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (c)  Management Fee Expenses  CKHH is the  controlling  unitholder of  HPH Trust and  controlling  shareholder  of the Trustee-  Manager  b  b  b  NIL  b  CKHH and its subsidiaries and its  associates  b  b  -  Hutchison Port Holdings Management  Pte. Limited  30,967  25,060  Total  381,775  393,258  b   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

There are no material contracts between HPH Trust and its subsidiaries involving the interests of the CEO, each Director  or  controlling  unitholder 1   of  HPH  Trust,  either  still  subsisting  at  the  end  of  the fi nancial  year  ended  31 December 2022, or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous fi nancial year, other than, where applicable:

- (a) as disclosed on pages 305 to 330 of the IPO Prospectus 2 ;
- (b) as disclosed in note 29 to the fi nancial statements of the Annual Report; and
- (c) interested person transactions as listed in the Interested Person Transactions section of the Annual Report.
- 1 'Controlling  unitholder'  refers  to  a  person  with  an  interest  in  the  units  of  HPH  Trust  consisting  not  less  than  15%  of  all outstanding units
- 2 The Prospectus dated 7 March 2011 and registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore on 7 March 2011

## SUMMARY OF DISCLOSURES

## Summary of Disclosures of Code of Corporate Governance 2018 ('Code')

Rule 710 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual requires Singapore listed companies to describe their corporate governance practices with speci fi c  reference to the Code in their annual reports for fi nancial years commencing on or after 1 January 2019. This summary of disclosures describes our corporate governance practices with speci fi c  reference to the disclosure requirements in the principles and provisions of the Code.

## Board Matters

## The Board's Conduct of A ff airs Principle 1

Provision 1.1

Pages 96 and 97

Provision 1.2

Pages 96, 98 and 99

Provision 1.3

Page 97

Provision 1.4

Pages 97, 106, 107, 108, 109, 115, 116, 118 and 119

Provision 1.5

Pages 97, 98, 106, 107,

108, 115 and 119

Provision 1.6

Page 98

Provision 1.7

Pages 98 and 99

## Board Composition and Guidance Principle 2

Provision 2.1

Pages 102 to 105

Provision 2.2

Pages 100 and 106

Provision 2.3

Pages 100 and 106

Provision 2.4

Pages 100 and 102

Provision 2.5 Page 102

## Chairman and Chief Executive O ffi cer

## Principle 3

Provision 3.1

Page 105

Provision 3.2

Page 105

Provision 3.3

Page 105

## Board Membership

## Principle 4

Provision 4.1

Page 106

Provision 4.2

Page 106

Provision 4.3 Page 106

Provision 4.4

Pages 102 to 105

Provision 4.5

Pages 26 to 30, 98 and

106

## Board Performance

## Principle 5

Provision 5.1

Page 108

Provision 5.2

Page 108

## Remuneration Matters

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies Principle 6

Provision 6.1

Page 108

Provision 6.2

Page 108

Provision 6.3

Page 108

Provision 6.4

Page 109

## Level and Mix of Remuneration Principle 7

Provision 7.1

Page 109

Provision 7.2

Pages 108 and 109

Provision 7.3

Pages 108, 109 and 112

## Disclosure on Remuneration

## Principle 8

Provision 8.1

Pages 108 to 111

Provision 8.2

Page 112

Provision 8.3

Page 112

## Accountability and Audit

## Risk  Management  and  Internal Controls

## Principle 9

Provision 9.1

Page 112

Provision 9.2

Page 114

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10

Provision 10.1 Pages 115 to 117

Provision 10.2 Page 115

Provision 10.3 Page 116

Provision 10.4 Pages 117 to 118

Provision 10.5 Page 115

## Unitholder Rights and Engagement

## Unitholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

## Principle 11

Provision 11.1

Page 120

Provision 11.2

Page 120

Provision 11.3 Page 120

Provision 11.4 Page 120

Provision 11.5 Page 120

Provision 11.6 Page 120

## Engagement with Unitholders

## Principle 12

Provision 12.1 Page 121

Provision 12.2

Page 121

Provision 12.3 Page 121

## Managing Stakeholders Relationships

## Engagement with Stakeholders Principle 13

Provision 13.1

Pages 36 to 94, 95,

and 122

Provision 13.2

Pages 36 to 94, 95, and 122

Provision 13.3

Pages 36 to 94, 95, and 122

## FINANCIAL CONTENTS

| - 128 REPORT OF THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER  - 131 STATEMENT BY THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER  - 132 STATEMENT BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  - 133 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT  - 138 CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT  - 139 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  - 140 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  - 141 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST  - 142 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  - 143 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  - 145 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST  - 146 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REPORT OF THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER

The directors of Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited, the trustee-manager of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust ('HPH Trust' or the 'Trust' and the trustee-manager of HPH Trust, the 'Trustee-Manager') present their report to  the  unitholders  of  the  Trust  together  with  the  audited fi nancial  statements  of  the  Trust  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively the 'Group') for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Directors

The directors of the Trustee-Manager in o ffi ce at the date of this report are as follows:

Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning (Chairman) Ms. Edith Shih Mr. Ip Sing Chi Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex Mr. Graeme Allan Jack Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei) Mr. Wong Kwai Lam

## Arrangements to enable directors to acquire units and debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the year was the Trustee-Manager a party to any arrangement whose object was to enable the directors of the Trustee-Manager to acquire bene fi ts by means of the acquisition of units in, or debentures of, the Trust.

## Directors' interests in units or debentures

According to the register kept by the Trustee-Manager for the purposes of Sections 13 and 76 of the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore, particulars of the interests of directors who held o ffi ce at the end of the year or during the year in units in, or debentures of, the Trust are as follows:

| Holdings registered in  name of director  Holdings in which a director is  deemed to have an interest  At 31.12.2022  At 1.1.2022  At 31.12.2022  At 1.1.2022  Number of units held by:  Mr. Fok Kin Ning, Canning  -  -  676,000  676,000  Ms. Edith Shih  -  -  626,440  626,440  Mr. Ip Sing Chi  -  -  -  -  Ms. Lee Tung Wan, Diana  -  -  -  -  Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert  400,000  400,000  -  -  Dr. Fong Chi Wai, Alex  -  -  -  -  Mr. Graeme Allan Jack  -  -  -  -  Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)  -  -  1,000,000  1,000,000  Mr. Wong Kwai Lam  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no changes in any of the above mentioned interests in the Trust between the end of the fi nancial year and 21 January 2023.

## Options

There were no options granted during the year by the Trustee-Manager to any person to take up unissued units in the Trust.

No units have been issued during the year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued units of the Trust.

There were no unissued units of the Trust under option at the end of the year.

## Audit Committee

The members of the audit committee of the Trustee-Manager (the 'Audit Committee') during the year, at the end of the year and at the date of this report were as follows:

Mr. Graeme Allan Jack (Chairman)

Mr. Chan Tze Leung, Robert

Mrs. Sng Sow-Mei (alias Poon Sow Mei)

The existing members of the Audit Committee are independent and are non-executive directors.

The Audit Committee carried out its functions in accordance with its terms of reference and the relevant regulations including Regulation 13(6) of the Business Trusts Regulations. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Audit Committee has, among others, reviewed:

-  the scope and the results of internal audit procedures with the internal auditor of the Trustee-Manager;
-  with the independent auditor of the Trust, the audit plan of the Trust and the independent auditor's report in relation to signi fi cant accounting, tax and internal control matters of the Trust arising from the statutory audit;
-  the assistance given by the o ffi cers of the Trustee-Manager to the independent auditor; and
-  the  statement  of fi nancial  position  and  statement  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  Trust  and  the  consolidated fi nancial  statements  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  before  their  submission  to  the Board of Directors of the Trustee-Manager (the 'Board'), as well as the independent auditor's report on the statement of fi nancial position and statement of changes in equity of the Trust and the consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board that the independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as the auditor of the Trust at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the unitholders.

## Board Opinion on the Adequacy of Internal Controls

The Board, through the Audit Committee, has conducted a review of the adequacy and e ff ectiveness of the Group's systems of internal controls (including fi nancial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk  management systems for the year ended 31 December 2022, and is of the opinion that the Group's internal control  and  risk  management  systems  addressing  material fi nancial,  operational,  compliance  and  information technology risks are adequate and e ff ective to meet the needs of the Group in its current business environment as at  31  December 2022. The Board notes that the system of risk management and internal controls established by Management provides reasonable assurance that the Group, as it strives to achieve its business objectives, will not be signi fi cantly a ff ected by any event that can be reasonably foreseen or anticipated. However, the Board also notes that no system of risk management and internal controls can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against poor judgement in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## REPORT OF THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER

## REPORT OF THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER

## Independent auditor

The independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Trustee-Manager

Ip Sing Chi Director

7 February 2023

Lee Tung Wan, Diana Director

## STATEMENT BY THE TRUSTEE-MANAGER

In the opinion of the directors of the Trustee-Manager,

- (a) the fi nancial  records  of  the  Group  for  the fi nancial  year  have  been  properly  maintained  and  the fi nancial statements  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  operations  and fi nances  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31 December 2022;
- (b) the  consolidated  income  statement  and  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income  set  out  in  the fi nancial statements on pages 138 and 139 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the results of the business of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022;
- (c) the statements of fi nancial position set out on pages 140 and 141 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the state of a ff airs of the Group and of the Trust at 31 December 2022;
- (d) the statements of changes in equity set out on pages 143 to 145 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the changes in equity of the Group and of the Trust for the year ended 31 December 2022;
- (e) the consolidated statement of cash fl ows set out on page 142 is drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the cash fl ows of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022; and
- (f) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Trustee-Manager will be able to ful fi ll, out of the Trust's property, the Trust's debts as and when they fall due.

In accordance with Section 86(2) of the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore, we further certify:

- (a) the  fees  or  charges  paid  or  payable  out  of  the  trust  property  of  the  Trust  to  the  Trustee-Manager  are in  accordance with the Deed of Trust dated 25 February 2011 (as amended and supplemented by the fi rst supplemental deed dated 28 April 2014 and the second supplemental deed dated 8 June 2020) constituting the Trust;
- (b) the  interested  person  transactions  entered  into  by  the  Group  during  the  year  are  not  detrimental  to  the interests of all the unitholders of the Trust as a whole based on the circumstances at the time of the relevant transactions; and
- (c) the Board of Directors of the Trustee-Manager is not aware of any violation of duties of the Trustee-Manager which  would  have  a  materially  adverse  e ff ect  on  the  business  of  the  Trust  or  on  the  interests  of  all  the unitholders of the Trust as a whole.

The  Board  of  Directors  has,  on  the  date  of  this  statement,  authorised  the  above  statements  and  the fi nancial statements of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 for issue.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Trustee-Manager

Ip Sing Chi Director

7 February 2023

Lee Tung Wan, Diana Director

## STATEMENT BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

In  accordance with Section 86(3) of the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore, I certify that I am not aware of any violation of duties of the Trustee-Manager which would have a materially adverse e ff ect on the business of the Trust or on the interests of all the unitholders of the Trust as a whole.

Ivor Chow Chief Executive O ffi cer

7 February 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Our opinion

In  our  opinion, the accompanying consolidated fi nancial statements of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust ('the Trust') and  its  subsidiaries  ('the  Group')  and  the  statement  of fi nancial  position  of  the  Trust  are  properly  drawn  up in  accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Business Trusts Act 2004 ('the Act') and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRS') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated fi nancial position of the Group and  the fi nancial  position  of  the  Trust  as  at  31  December  2022  and  of  the  consolidated fi nancial  performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash fl ows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Trust for the fi nancial year ended on that date.

## What we have audited

The fi nancial statements of the Trust and the Group comprise:

-  the consolidated income statement of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022;
-  the consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the Group for the year then ended;
-  the consolidated statement of fi nancial position of the Group as at 31 December 2022;
-  the statement of fi nancial position of the Trust as at 31 December 2022;
-  the consolidated statement of cash fl ows of the Group for the year then ended;
-  the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group for the year then ended;
-  the statement of changes in equity of the Trust for the year then ended; and
-  the notes to the fi nancial statements, including a summary of signi fi cant accounting policies.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ('ISAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Financial  Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is su ffi cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the fi nancial statements in Singapore, and we have ful fi lled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code.

## Our Audit Approach

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the accompanying fi nancial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in respect of signi fi cant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of  internal  controls,  including  among  other  matters  consideration  of  whether  there  was  evidence  of  bias  that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

## Our Audit Approach (Continued)

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most signi fi cance in our audit of the fi nancial statements for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2022. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the fi nancial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  Goodwill and other operating assets  Refer  to  notes  3(a),  3(b),  3(c)  and  14(b)  to  the fi nancial statements  The  Group  has  a  signi fi cant  amount  of  goodwill  and other  operating  assets  arising  primarily  from  the acquisition of deep-water container ports in Shenzhen and Hong Kong in 2011.  Goodwill is  subject  to  impairment  tests  annually  and whenever there is an indication of impairment, while other operating assets are subject to impairment tests when there is an indication of impairment.  For the purpose of the Group's impairment assessments,  impairment  was  assessed  using  value- in-use  models  for  deep  water  container  ports  in Shenzhen  and  Hong  Kong,  which  are  the  cash generating units ('CGUs') of the Group.  In carrying out the impairment assessments, signi fi cant judgements are required to determine the assumptions. The most signi fi cant assumptions relate to discount rates and growth rates in revenue and cost of services rendered.  Based on the results of these impairment assessments conducted by the Group, the Group determined that there is no impairment of goodwill and other operating assets.  This  conclusion  was  based  on  recoverable amounts,  calculated  under  the  value-in-use  models, which exceeded the carrying values of CGUs as at 31 December 2022.  The signi fi cant assumptions are disclosed in note 14(b) to the fi nancial statements.  We  have  performed  the  following  procedures  to evaluate the Group's impairment assessments:  -  Assessed the appropriateness of the valuation methodology used;  -  Assessed the reasonableness of key assumptions based  on  our  knowledge  of  the  business  and industry  and  with  the  involvement  of  our valuation specialists;  -  Considered the potential impact of reasonably possible changes on the key assumptions; and  -  Tested  source  data  to  supporting  evidence on  a  sample  basis,  such  as  approved  budgets and available  market  data  and  considered  the reasonableness of these budgets.  We  found  the  assumptions  adopted  in  relation  to these impairment assessments to be supportable and reasonable based on available evidence.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Our Audit Approach (Continued)

Key Audit Matters (Continued)

| ## Key Audit Matter  ## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  ## Revenue recognition  Refer to notes 3(e) and 4 to the fi nancial statements  Revenue from rendering of container handling services is  recognised  and  accrued  with  reference  to  the throughput handled and the terms of agreements for such service.  For the year ended 31 December 2022, revenue from container  handling  services  amounting  to  HK$11,688 million is recognised based on the containers handled as  well  as  the  tariff  applied.  The  tariff  applied  is the  rate  agreed  with  customers  or  estimated  by management  based  on  the  latest  terms  of  the agreement  or  latest  negotiation  with  customers  and other industry considerations as appropriate.  Due to the large variety and complexity of contractual terms, as well as ongoing negotiations with customers, signi fi cant  judgements  are  required  to  estimate  the tari ff rate  applied.  If  the  actual  rate  di ff ers  from  the estimated rate applied, this will have an impact on the accuracy of revenue recognised in the current year and accrued as at year end.  We  have  performed  the  following  procedures  in relation to the accuracy of net revenue recognised and accrued:  -  Understood,  evaluated  and  tested  the  key controls  over  the  tariff  applied  in  container handling services.  -  We selected a sample of transactions and:  -  Agreed the applied tariff to the respective  terms  in  the  contracts  or latest  correspondence  with  customers where  the  tari ff has  been  estimated  by management.  -  Agreed throughput handled, used in the calculation  of  tariffs,  to  the  operating system recording throughput.  -  Tested  revenue  calculations  and  agreed the revenue recognised to the underlying accounting records.  -  Checked  to  bank  advices  or  credit  notes  on a  sample  basis  for  the  net  settlement  and reviewed aged items for any disputed amounts.  We  found  the  judgement  made  by  management  in estimating tari ff in the revenue recognised and accrued to  be  supportable and reasonable based on available evidence.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Information

Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited (the 'Trustee-Manager') is responsible for the Other Information. The Other Information refers to the information in the annual report which does not include the fi nancial statements and our auditor's report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor's report, and the information on statistics of unitholdings, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the fi nancial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the fi nancial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information identi fi ed above  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  Other  Information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the fi nancial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed  on  the  Other  Information  that  we  obtained  prior  to  the  date  of  this auditor's report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## To the Unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

## Other Information (Continued)

When we read the information on statistics of unitholdings, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate actions in accordance with ISAs.

## Responsibilities of Trustee-Manager for the Financial Statements

The  Trustee-Manager  is  responsible  for  the  preparation  of fi nancial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  HKFRS,  and  for  devising  and  maintaining  a  system  of  internal accounting  controls  su ffi cient  to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair fi nancial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing  the fi nancial  statements,  the  Trustee-Manager  is  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis  of  accounting  unless  management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Trustee-Manager's responsibilities include overseeing the Group's fi nancial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the fi nancial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to in fl uence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these fi nancial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify  and  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the fi nancial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is su ffi cient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the e ff ectiveness of the Group's internal control.
-  Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
-  Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast signi fi cant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the fi nancial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the fi nancial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the fi nancial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that achieves fair presentation.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## To the Unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

-  Obtain su ffi cient  appropriate audit evidence regarding the fi nancial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated fi nancial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Trustee-Manager regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and signi fi cant audit fi ndings, including any signi fi cant de fi ciencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Trustee-Manager with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Trustee-Manager,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most signi fi cance in the audit of the fi nancial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest bene fi ts of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Trustee-Manager have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Soh Kok Leong.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore, 7 February 2023

## CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue and other income  4(a)  12,166,251  13,244,074  Cost of services rendered  (4,174,560)  (4,474,689)  Sta  ff  costs  (265,661)  (257,204)  Depreciation and amortisation  (3,003,976)  (3,050,872)  Other operating income  146,167  417,901  Other operating expenses  (587,283)  (500,424)  Total operating expenses  (7,885,313)  (7,865,288)  Operating pro  fi  t  5  4,280,938  5,378,786  Interest and other  fi  nance costs  6  (673,345)  (616,466)  Share of pro  fi  ts less losses after tax of associated companies  (81,423)  (81,530)  Share of pro  fi  ts less losses after tax of joint ventures  74,730  115,580  Pro  fi  t before tax  3,600,900  4,796,370  Tax  7  (1,081,199)  (1,269,217)  Pro  fi  t for the year  2,519,701  3,527,153  Allocated as: Pro  fi  t attributable to non-controlling interests  (1,420,667)  (1,780,002)  Pro  fi  t attributable to unitholders of HPH Trust  9  1,099,034  1,747,151  HK cents  HK cents  Earnings per unit attributable to unitholders of HPH Trust  9  12.62  20.06   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Pro  fi  t for the year  2,519,701  3,527,153  Other comprehensive (loss)/income:  Items that will not be reclassi  fi  ed to pro  fi  t or loss:  Remeasurement of de  fi  ned bene  fi  t plans  (138,037)  240,146  Investments  Valuation (losses)/gains taken to reserves  (12,341)  5,088  Items that may be reclassi  fi  ed subsequently to pro  fi  t or loss:  Cash  fl  ow hedges arising from cross currency interest rate swap contracts  and interest rate swap contracts  Fair value gains recognised directly in reserves  339,490  253,664  Costs of hedging  Changes in fair value of currency basis spread  774  15,783  Share of other comprehensive loss of associated companies  (25,488)  (604)  Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of joint ventures  (65,875)  1,813  Currency translation di  ff  erences  (473,051)  139,745  Total other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (374,528)  655,635  Total comprehensive income for the year  2,145,173  4,182,788  Allocated as:  Attributable to non-controlling interests  (1,181,801)  (1,841,740)  Attributable to unitholders of HPH Trust  963,372  2,341,048   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Items shown within other comprehensive (loss)/income have no tax e ff ect.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Fixed assets  10  20,357,742  21,646,925  Projects under development  11  762,911  654,524  Leasehold land and land use rights  12  33,178,968  34,579,438  Railway usage rights  13  9,400  10,787  Customer relationships  14(a)  4,499,154  4,833,360  Goodwill  14(b)  11,270,044  11,270,044  Associated companies  15  204,026  957,537  Joint ventures  16  3,957,599  3,018,035  Other non-current assets  17  685,042  509,667  Pension assets  23  123,213  303,782  Deferred tax assets  18  5,059  11,978  75,053,158  77,796,077  Current assets  Cash and bank balances  19  10,395,168  11,048,007  Trade and other receivables  20  3,118,233  4,033,078  Inventories  79,609  86,564  13,593,010  15,167,649  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  6,014,844  6,713,045  Bank and other debts  22  5,067,659  7,190,345  Current tax liabilities  308,015  421,976  11,390,518  14,325,366  Net current assets  2,202,492  842,283  Total assets less current liabilities  77,255,650  78,638,360  Non-current liabilities  Bank and other debts  22  21,971,912  21,729,962  Deferred tax liabilities  18  8,883,533  9,268,299  Other non-current liabilities  24  123,459  240,976  30,978,904  31,239,237  Net assets  46,276,746  47,399,123  EQUITY  Units in issue  25  68,553,839  68,553,839  Reserves  (41,746,767)  (41,447,029)  Net assets attributable to unitholders of HPH Trust  26,807,072  27,106,810  Non-controlling interests  19,469,674  20,292,313  Total equity  46,276,746  47,399,123   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

At 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS  Non-current asset  Investment in a subsidiary company  26  21,666,672  22,969,782  Current assets  Cash and bank balances  19  5,049  4,868  Trade and other receivables  20  1,014  1,080  6,063  5,948  Current liability  Trade and other payables  21  41,153  23,353  Net current liabilities  (35,090)  (17,405)  Total assets less current liabilities  21,631,582  22,952,377  EQUITY  Units in issue  25  68,553,839  68,553,839  Reserves  (46,922,257)  (45,601,462)  Total equity  21,631,582  22,952,377   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating activities  Cash generated from operations  27(a)  8,067,306  8,624,092  Interest and other  fi  nance costs paid  (644,959)  (500,516)  Tax paid  (1,572,662)  (1,388,674)  Net cash from operating activities  5,849,685  6,734,902  Investing activities  Investment in a joint venture  (1,170,853)  (422,659)  Loan to an associated company  (407,400)  (408,300)  Purchase of  fi  xed assets and projects under development  (511,344)  (232,267)  Proceeds on disposal of  fi  xed assets  978  13,482  Dividends received from investments  19,034  28,854  Dividends received from an associated company and joint ventures  114,423  147,223  Interest received  136,781  58,983  Repayment of loans by an associated company and a joint venture  524,800  276,650  Net cash used in investing activities  (1,293,581)  (538,034)  Financing activities  New borrowings  5,273,500  7,800,000  Repayment of borrowings  (7,198,000)  (8,182,000)  Upfront debt transaction costs and facilities fees of borrowings  -  (64,414)  Principal elements of lease payments  (14,381)  (12,747)  Repayment of loan to non-controlling interests  -  (10,476)  Distributions to unitholders of HPH Trust  (1,263,110)  (1,236,976)  Dividends to non-controlling interests  (2,006,952)  (1,208,836)  Net cash used in  fi  nancing activities  (5,208,943)  (2,915,449)  Net changes in cash and cash equivalents  (652,839)  3,281,419  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  11,048,007  7,766,588  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  19  10,395,168  11,048,007   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Exchange

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Units  in issue  and  other  reserves  Revaluation  reserve  Hedging  reserve  Costs of  hedging  reserve  Pension  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Attributable  to  unitholders  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Group  At 1 January 2022  68,553,839  69,619  (297,461)  (24,808)  (3,269)  596,658  (41,787,768)  27,106,810  20,292,313  47,399,123  Pro  fi  t for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,099,034  1,099,034  1,420,667  2,519,701  Other comprehensive  (loss)/income:  Remeasurement of de  fi  ned  bene  fi  t plans  -  -  -  -  -  (138,037)  -  (138,037)  -  (138,037)  Investments:  Valuation losses taken to  reserves  -  -  (12,341)  -  -  -  -  (12,341)  -  (12,341)  Cash  fl  ow hedges arising  from cross currency  interest rate swap contracts  and interest rate swap  contracts:  Fair value gains  recognised directly in  reserves  -  -  -  339,490  -  -  -  339,490  -  339,490  Costs of hedging:  Changes in fair value of  currency basis spread  -  -  -  -  774  -  -  774  -  774  Share of other  comprehensive loss of  associated companies  -  (17,001)  -  -  -  -  -  (17,001)  (8,487)  (25,488)  Share of other  comprehensive loss of  joint ventures  -  (53,047)  395  -  -  -  -  (52,652)  (13,223)  (65,875)  Currency translation  di  ff  erences  -  (255,895)  -  -  -  -  -  (255,895)  (217,156)  (473,051)  Total other comprehensive  loss  -  (325,943)  (11,946)  339,490  774  (138,037)  -  (135,662)  (238,866)  (374,528)  Total comprehensive income  -  (325,943)  (11,946)  339,490  774  (138,037)  1,099,034  963,372  1,181,801  2,145,173  Transferred (from)/to reserve  -  (581)  -  -  -  -  581  -  -  -  Transactions with owners:  Distributions  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,263,110)  (1,263,110)  -  (1,263,110)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,004,440)  (2,004,440)  At 31 December 2022  68,553,839  (256,905)  (309,407)  314,682  (2,495)  458,621  (41,951,263)  26,807,072  19,469,674  46,276,746   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the year ended 31 December 2022

Exchange

| Units  in issue  and  other  reserves  Revaluation  reserve  Hedging  reserve  Costs of  hedging  reserve  Pension  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Attributable  to  unitholders  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Group  At 1 January 2021  68,553,839  (9,390)  (303,452)  (278,472)  (19,052)  356,512  (42,297,943)  26,002,042  19,601,893  45,603,935  Pro  fi  t for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,747,151  1,747,151  1,780,002  3,527,153  Other comprehensive  income/(loss):  Remeasurement of de  fi  ned  bene  fi  t plans  -  -  -  -  -  240,146  -  240,146  -  240,146  Investments:  Valuation gains taken to  reserves  -  -  5,088  -  -  -  -  5,088  -  5,088  Cash  fl  ow hedges arising  from cross currency  interest rate swap contracts  and interest rate swap  contracts:  Fair value gains  recognised directly in  reserves  -  -  -  253,664  -  -  -  253,664  -  253,664  Costs of hedging:  Changes in fair value of  currency basis spread  -  -  -  -  15,783  -  -  15,783  -  15,783  Share of other  comprehensive loss of  associated companies  -  (1,975)  -  -  -  -  -  (1,975)  1,371  (604)  Share of other  comprehensive income of  joint ventures  -  910  903  -  -  -  -  1,813  -  1,813  Currency translation  di  ff  erences  -  79,378  -  -  -  -  -  79,378  60,367  139,745  Total other comprehensive  income  -  78,313  5,991  253,664  15,783  240,146  -  593,897  61,738  655,635  Total comprehensive income  -  78,313  5,991  253,664  15,783  240,146  1,747,151  2,341,048  1,841,740  4,182,788  Transactions with owners:  Relating to purchase of  non-controlling interests  -  696  -  -  -  -  -  696  54,226  54,922  Distributions  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,236,976)  (1,236,976)  -  (1,236,976)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,205,546)  (1,205,546)  At 31 December 2021  68,553,839  69,619  (297,461)  (24,808)  (3,269)  596,658  (41,787,768)  27,106,810  20,292,313  47,399,123   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

For the year ended 31 December 2022

| Units  in issue  Accumulated  losses  Attributable to  unitholders  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trust  At 1 January 2022  68,553,839  (45,601,462)  22,952,377  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (57,685)  (57,685)  Transactions with owners:  Distributions  -  (1,263,110)  (1,263,110)  At 31 December 2022  68,553,839  (46,922,257)  21,631,582  At 1 January 2021  68,553,839  (44,324,508)  24,229,331  Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (39,978)  (39,978)  Transactions with owners:  Distributions  -  (1,236,976)  (1,236,976)  At 31 December 2021  68,553,839  (45,601,462)  22,952,377   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1 General information

Hutchison Port Holdings Trust ('Trust' or 'HPH Trust') is a business trust constituted by a deed of trust dated 25 February 2011 (as amended) (the 'Trust Deed') and registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. HPH Trust is principally regulated by the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore and Securities and Futures Act  2001  of  Singapore.  Under  the  Trust  Deed,  Hutchison  Port  Holdings  Management  Pte.  Limited  (the 'Trustee-Manager'), has declared that it will hold all its assets (including businesses) acquired on trust for the unitholders as the Trustee-Manager of HPH Trust. The registered address of the Trustee-Manager is at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07, Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632. HPH Trust was listed on the Main Board of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'SGX-ST') on 18 March 2011.

HPH Trust is established with the principal investment mandate of investing in, developing, operating and managing deep-water container ports in the Guangdong Province of China, Hong Kong and Macau. HPH Trust may also invest in other types of port assets including river ports, which are complementary to the deep-water container ports owned by HPH Trust, as well as undertake certain port ancillary services including, but not limited to, trucking, feedering, freight-forwarding, supply chain management, warehousing and distribution services.

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies

The consolidated fi nancial  statements of HPH Trust and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group'), have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRS') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certi fi ed Public Accountants ('HKICPA'). The fi nancial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except for investments and derivative fi nancial instruments which are stated at fair value, as explained in the signi fi cant accounting policies set out in Note 2.

There is no material di ff erence in preparing the fi nancial statements using HKFRS and International Financial Reporting  Standards  ('IFRS').  No  material  adjustments  are  required  to  restate  the fi nancial  statements prepared under HKFRS to comply with IFRS.

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRS  requires  management  to  exercise its  judgements in the process of applying the accounting policies of the Group. It also requires the use of certain  critical  accounting  estimates  and  assumptions.  The  areas  involving  a  higher  degree  of  judgements or  complexity,  or  areas  where  assumptions  and  estimates  are  signi fi cant  to  the fi nancial  statements,  are disclosed in Note 3.

## Adoption of standards and amendments to existing standards

The Group has adopted all of the new and revised standards and amendments issued by the HKICPA that are relevant to the Group's operations and mandatory for annual period beginning 1 January 2022. The e ff ect of the adoption of these new and revised standards and amendments was not material to the Group's results or fi nancial position.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## Standards and amendments which are not yet e ff ective

At the date of authorisation of the fi nancial statements, the following standards and amendments were in issue and relevant to the Group but not yet e ff ective and have not been early adopted by the Group:

| Amendments to HKAS 1 (1)  Classi fi cation of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Classi fi cation of Liabilities as Current or Non-current - Deferral of E ff ective Date  Amendments to HKAS 1 (Revised) (1)  Presentation of Financial Statements  Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 (1)  Making Materiality Judgements  Amendments to HKAS 8 (1)  Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors  Amendments to HKAS 12 (1)  Income Taxes  Amendments to HKFRS 16 (2)  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  Amendments to HKAS 1 (2)  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (3)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) E ff ective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2023
- (2) E ff ective for annual periods beginning 1 January 2024
- (3) New e ff ective date to be determined

The Group is assessing the full impact of these new or revised HKFRS. Certain of them may give rise to change in  presentation,  disclosure  and  measurements  of  certain  items  in  the fi nancial  statements.  They  are  not expected to have material impact to the Group.

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated fi nancial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 include all its direct and indirect subsidiary companies and also incorporate the interest in associated companies, joint operations and  joint  ventures  on  the  basis  set  out  in  Notes  2(c)  and  2(d)  below.  Results  of  subsidiary  companies, associated companies and joint ventures acquired or disposed of during the year are included as from their e ff ective dates of acquisition to 31 December 2022 or up to the dates of disposal as the case may be. The acquisition of subsidiary companies is accounted for using the acquisition method.

## (b) Subsidiary companies

A subsidiary company is an entity over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to a ff ect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiary companies are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases. In the unconsolidated fi nancial statements of the holding company, investments in subsidiary companies are carried at cost less provision for impairment in value.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (b) Subsidiary companies (Continued)

The  acquisition  method  of  accounting  is  used  to  account  for  business  combinations  by  the  Group.  The consideration  transferred  for  the  acquisition  of  subsidiary  companies  are  the  fair  values  of  the  assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred also includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. Identi fi able assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. On the acquisition by acquisition basis, the Group recognises a non-controlling interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets.

The  excess  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identi fi able net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If this is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the di ff erence is recognised directly in the income statement.

## (c) Associated companies

An associated company is an entity, other than a subsidiary company or a joint venture, in which the Group has a long-term equity interest and over which the Group is in a position to exercise signi fi cant in fl uence over its management, which includes participation in the fi nancial and operating policy decisions.

The results and assets and liabilities of associated companies are incorporated in these fi nancial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is classi fi ed as held for sale, in which case it  is  accounted for under HKFRS 5 'Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations'. The total carrying amount of such investments is reduced to recognise any identi fi ed impairment loss in the value of individual investments.

## (d) Joint arrangements

A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control and over which none of the participating parties has unilateral control.

Investments in joint arrangements are classi fi ed either as joint operations or joint ventures, depending on the contractual rights and obligations each investor has. Joint operations arise where the investors have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of an arrangement. A joint operator accounts for its share of the assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Joint ventures arise where the investors have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

The results and net assets of joint ventures are incorporated in these fi nancial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment is classi fi ed as held for sale, in which case it is accounted for  under  HKFRS  5  'Non-current  assets  held  for  sale  and  discontinued  operations'.  The  total  carrying amount of such investments is reduced to recognise any identi fi ed impairment loss in the value of individual investments.

## (e) Fixed assets

Fixed  assets  are  stated  at  cost  less  depreciation  and  any  impairment  loss.  Properties  comprise  buildings and civil works. Buildings and civil works are depreciated on the basis of an expected life of 50 years, or the remainder thereof, or over the remaining period of the lease of the underlying leasehold land and land use rights, whichever is lesser. The period of the lease includes the period for which a right of renewal is attached. Other assets comprise motor vehicles, computer equipment and other fi xed assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (e) Fixed assets (Continued)

Depreciation of fi xed assets other than properties is provided at rates calculated to write o ff their  costs  to their residual values over their estimated useful lives on a straight line basis as follows:

| Container handling equipment  10 - 30 years  Barges  15 years  Motor vehicles  5 years  Computer equipment  5 years  Other  fi  xed assets  5 - 25 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The gain or loss on disposal or retirement of a fi xed asset is the di ff erence between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in the income statement.

## (f) Projects under development

Projects under development are carried at cost and include project development expenditure and capitalised interest on related loans incurred up to the date of completion. On completion, projects under development are transferred to fi xed assets.

## (g) Leasehold land and land use rights

The acquisition costs and upfront payments made for leasehold land and land use rights are presented on the statement of fi nancial position as leasehold land and land use rights. The prepaid lease payments are right-ofuse assets. The balance are expensed in the income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease/rights.

## (h) Customer relationships

Customer relationships, which are acquired in a business combination, are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Customer relationships are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected life of the customer relationships, ranging from approximately 23 to 33 years.

## (i) Goodwill

Goodwill  is  initially  measured  at  cost  being  excess  of  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the amount recognised for  non-controlling  interests  and  any  fair  value  of  the  Group's  previously  held  equity interests in the acquiree over the fair value of the net identi fi able assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill on acquisition of a foreign operation is treated as an asset of the foreign operation.

Goodwill is subject to impairment test annually and when there are indications that the carrying value may not be recoverable. If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the Group's share of the net identi fi able assets of the acquired company, the di ff erence is recognised directly in the income statement.

For the purpose of impairment testing of goodwill, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units ('CGU') expected to bene fi t from synergies arising from the business combination.

An impairment loss is recognised when the carrying amount of a CGU, including the goodwill, exceeds the recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of the CGU's fair value less cost to sell and value-in-use.

The total impairment loss of a CGU is allocated fi rst to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other assets of the CGU pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the CGU.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (i) Goodwill (Continued)

An impairment loss on goodwill is recognised as an expense and is not reversed in a subsequent period.

The pro fi t or loss on disposal is calculated by reference to the net assets at the date of disposal including the attributable amount of goodwill but does not include any attributable goodwill previously eliminated against reserves.

## (j) Railway usage rights

Railway usage rights are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line basis over the period of operation of approximately 45 years.

## (k) Current and deferred tax

The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

The current tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of  the  reporting period in the countries where the group companies operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax  regulation  is  subject  to  interpretation  and  establishes  provisions  where  appropriate  on  the  basis  of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liabilities method, on temporary di ff erences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the fi nancial statements. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable pro fi t  will  be  available  against  which  the temporary di ff erences can be utilised.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are o ff set  when there is a legally enforceable right to o ff set  current  tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or di ff erent taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

## (l) Investments

Investments (other than investments in subsidiary companies, associated companies or joint ventures) are non-derivative equity fi nancial investments which are measured at fair value. Management is eligible to make an irrevocable election, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, on equity investments other than those held for trading, to present changes in fair value through pro fi t or loss or fair value through other comprehensive income  ('FVOCI').  The  Group  has  elected  to  measure  as  FVOCI,  to  which  any  fair  value  gains  or  losses accumulated in the revaluation reserve account will no longer be reclassi fi ed to pro fi t  or  loss  following  the derecognition of such investment. Dividends from investments continued to be recognised as other operating income in the income statement when the right to receive payment is established. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

## (m) Financial assets at amortised cost

Financial assets at amortised cost are debt instruments that are held for collection of contractual cash fl ows where those cash fl ows represent solely payments of principal and interest. They are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the fi nancial assets at amortised cost and are subsequently measured at amortised cost less impairment. Appropriate allowances for estimated irrecoverable amounts are recognised in the income statement based on expected credit loss ('ECL') model. Interest income using the e ff ective interest method is recognised in the income statement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (n) Trade and other receivables

Trade and other receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the e ff ective interest method, less provision for impairment. Appropriate allowances for estimated irrecoverable amounts are recognised in the income statement based on lifetime ECL.

## (o) Inventories

Inventories consist mainly of replacement parts and are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated on the weighted average basis.

## (p) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits with maturity less than three months, and bank overdrafts, excluding secured bank balances, if any.

## (q) Borrowings and borrowing costs

The borrowings are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently carried at  amortised  cost.  Any  di ff erence  between  the  proceeds  (net  of  transaction  costs)  and  the  settlement  or redemption of borrowings is recognised over the period of the borrowings using the e ff ective interest method.

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All  other  borrowing costs are recognised in the income statement in the period in which they are incurred.

## (r) Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the e ff ective interest method.

## (s) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when it is probable that an out fl ow of economic bene fi ts will be required to settle a  present obligation as a result of past events and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

## (t) Asset impairment

## Impairment of fi nancial assets

The Group applies the ECL model to assess impairment of fi nancial assets classi fi ed at amortised cost and debt instruments measured at FVOCI. The impairment methodology to be applied depends on whether there has been a signi fi cant increase in credit risk.

For trade receivables, the Group applies the simpli fi ed approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires lifetime expected  losses  for  amounts  due  from  customers  to  be  recognised  from  initial  recognition  of  the  trade receivables.

As debt instruments at amortised cost are considered to have low credit risk, the impairment provision applied is to recognise 12-month ECL.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (t) Asset impairment (Continued)

## Impairment of other assets

Assets that have an inde fi nite useful life are tested for impairment annually and when there is indication that they may be impaired. Assets that are subject to depreciation and amortisation are reviewed for impairment to determine whether there is any indication that the carrying values of these assets may not be recoverable and have su ff ered  an  impairment  loss.  If  any  such  indication  exists,  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  asset is  estimated  in  order  to  determine  the  extent  of  the  impairment  loss,  if  any.  The  recoverable  amount  is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. Such impairment loss is recognised in income statement except where the asset is carried at valuation and the impairment loss does not exceed the revaluation surplus for that asset, in which case it is treated as a revaluation decrease and is recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (u) Derivative fi nancial instruments and hedging activities

Derivative fi nancial  instruments  are  utilised  by  the  Group  in  the  management  of  its  foreign  currency  and interest  rate  exposures.  The  Group's  policy  is  not  to  utilise  derivative fi nancial  instruments  for  trading  or speculative purposes. Derivative fi nancial instruments are initially measured at fair value on the contract date, and are remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates. Changes in fair value are recognised based on whether certain qualifying criteria under HKFRS 9 are satis fi ed in order to apply hedge accounting, and if so, the nature of the items being hedged.

The Group documents at the inception of the hedging transaction the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items including whether the hedging instrument is expected to o ff set  changes in cash fl ows of hedged items. The group documents its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions at the inception of each hedge relationship.

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments to hedge the fair value of recognised assets or liabilities may qualify as fair value hedges. The Group mainly enters into interest rate swap contracts to swap certain fi xed interest rate borrowings into fl oating interest rate borrowings. Changes in the fair value of these derivative contracts, together with the changes in the fair value of the hedged assets or liabilities attributable to the hedged risk are recognised in the income statement. At the same time, the carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability in the statement of fi nancial position is adjusted for the changes in fair value.

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments to hedge against the cash fl ows attributable to recognised assets or liabilities may qualify as cash fl ow hedges. The Group mainly enters into (i) cross currency interest rate swap contracts to swap certain fi xed interest rate United States dollar debts to fi xed interest rate Hong Kong dollar debts; (ii) cross currency interest rate swap contracts to swap certain fl oating interest rate United States dollar debts to fi xed interest rate Hong Kong dollar debts; and (iii) interest rate swap contracts to swap certain fl oating  interest  rate  United  States  dollar  debts  to fi xed interest rate United States dollar debts to hedge against the foreign currency and interest rate risk. The Group excludes foreign currency basis spread of  these  cross  currency  swaps  in  the  hedge  designation.  The  change  in  fair  value  of  the  foreign  currency basis spread (to the extent it relates to the hedged item) is recognised in other comprehensive income and is  accumulated in a separate costs of hedging reserve under equity. Changes in the fair value relating to the e ff ective portion of derivative contracts designated as hedging instruments qualifying as cash fl ow hedges are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of hedging reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ine ff ective portion is recognised in the income statement. Amounts accumulated are removed from hedging reserve and costs of hedging reserve and recognised in the income statement in the periods when the hedged derivative contract matures.

Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting under HKFRS 9 will be accounted for with the changes in fair value being recognised in the income statement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (v) Pension plans

Pension plans are classi fi ed into de fi ned bene fi t and de fi ned contribution plans.

Pension  costs  for  de fi ned  bene fi t  plans  are  assessed  using  the  projected  unit  credit  method.  Under  this method, the cost of providing pensions is charged to income statement so as to spread the regular cost over the future service lives of employees in accordance with the advice of the actuaries who carry out a valuation of the plans. The pension obligation is measured as the present value of the estimated future cash out fl ows using interest rates determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period based on high quality corporate bonds with currency and term similar to the estimated term of bene fi t obligations.

Remeasurements arising from de fi ned bene fi t  plans  are  recognised in other comprehensive income in the year in which they occur and re fl ected immediately in pension reserve. Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net de fi ned bene fi t  liability/asset)  and  any  change  in  the  e ff ect  of  the  asset  ceiling  (excluding  amounts  included in net interest on the net de fi ned bene fi t liability/asset).

The contributions to the de fi ned contribution plans are charged to the income statement in the year incurred.

Pension costs are charged against the income statement within sta ff costs.  The  pension plans are generally funded by the relevant Group companies taking into account the recommendations of independent quali fi ed actuaries and by payments from employees for contributory plans.

## (w) Foreign exchange

The consolidated fi nancial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is same as the functional currency of HPH Trust.

Transactions in  foreign  currencies  are  converted  at  the  rates  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  transaction  dates. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period.

The fi nancial statements of foreign operations (i.e. subsidiary companies, associated companies, joint ventures or branches whose activities are based or conducted in a country or currency other than those of the Trust) are translated into Hong Kong dollars using the year end rates of exchange for the statement of fi nancial position  items  and  the  average  rates  of  exchange  for  the  year  for  the  income  statement  items.  Exchange di ff erences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of exchange reserve.  Exchange  di ff erences  arising  from  foreign  currency  borrowings  and  other  currency  instruments designated  as  hedges  of  such  overseas  investments,  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and accumulated under the heading of exchange reserve.

Exchange di ff erences arising  from  translation  of  inter-company  loan  balances  between  Group  entities  are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of exchange reserve when such loans form part of the Group's net investment in a foreign entity. On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of signi fi cant in fl uence over an associated company that includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange gains or losses accumulated in exchange reserve in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the company are transferred out of the exchange reserve and are recognised in the income statement.

In  addition,  in  relation  to  a  partial  disposal  of  a  subsidiary  that  does  not  result  in  the  Group  losing  control over the subsidiary, the proportionate share of accumulated exchange di ff erences is re-attributed to noncontrolling interests and is not recognised in the income statement. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associated companies or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing signi fi cant in fl uence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange di ff erences is transferred out of the exchange reserve and is recognised in the income statement.

All other exchange di ff erences are recognised in the income statement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (x) Distributions to the Trust's unitholders

Distributions to the Trust's unitholders are recorded in equity in the period in which they are approved for payment.

## (y) Leases

An arrangement, comprising a transaction or a series  of  transactions,  is  or  contains  a  lease  if  the  Group determines that the arrangement conveys a right to control the use of an identi fi ed  asset  for  a  period  of time in exchange for consideration. Such determination is made on an evaluation of the substance of the arrangement, regardless of whether the arrangements take the legal form of a lease.

## (i) Assets leased to the Group

Leases are initially recognised as a right-of-use asset and corresponding liability at the date of which the leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and fi nance cost. The fi nance cost is charged to the income statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Assets leased to the Group and the corresponding liabilities are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

- -fi xed payments (including in-substance fi xed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- -variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate; and
- -payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term re fl ects the Group, as a lessee, exercising an option to terminate the lease.

The  lease  payments  are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease,  if  that  rate  can be determined, or the incremental borrowing rate of the respective entities. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- -the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
- -any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  less  any  lease  incentive received;
- -any initial direct costs; and
- -restoration costs.

Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straightline basis as an expense in the income statement. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise equipment and small items of o ffi ce furniture.

## (ii) Assets leased out by the Group

A lease is classi fi ed as a fi nance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. A lease is classi fi ed as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Income received under  operating  leases  net  of  any  incentives  provided  to  the  leasing  company  are  credited  to  the income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease periods.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 Basis of preparation and signi fi cant accounting policies (Continued)

## (z) Revenue and other income recognition

Revenues  are  recognised  when  or  as  the  control  of  the  good  or  service  is  transferred  to  the  customer. Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the good or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time.

Control of the good or service is transferred over time if the Group's performance provides all of the bene fi ts received and consumed simultaneously by the customer.

If control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that  performance  obligation.  Otherwise,  revenue  is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the asset.

The  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the  performance  obligation  is  measured  based  on  direct measurements of the value transferred by the Group to the customer.

Transaction price of a contract shall be allocated to individual performance obligation (or distinct good or service). The objective when allocating the transaction price is for an entity to allocate the transaction price to  each performance obligation in an amount that depicts the amount of consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

Revenue is recognised over time:

- (i) for  ports  and  related  services,  transportation  and  logistics  solutions  along  with  the  progress  when service is rendered; and
- (ii) for  management and service fee income, and system development and support fees along with the progress when service is rendered.

Interest income is recognised over time on a time proportion basis using the e ff ective interest method.

## (aa) Government Grant

Subsidy from the government is recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the subsidy will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. The amounts are recognised within 'other operating income' in the income statement.

## 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements

Note 2 includes  a  summary  of  the  signi fi cant  accounting  policies  used  in  the  preparation  of  the fi nancial statements. The preparation of fi nancial statements often requires the use of judgements to select speci fi c accounting methods and policies from several acceptable alternatives. Furthermore, signi fi cant estimates and assumptions concerning the future may be required in selecting and applying those methods and policies in the fi nancial statements. The Group bases its estimates and judgements on historical experience and various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may di ff er  from these estimates and judgements under di ff erent assumptions or conditions.

The following is a review of the more signi fi cant assumptions and estimates as well as the accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the fi nancial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

## (a) Long lived assets

The Group has made substantial investments in tangible long-lived assets in its container terminal operating business. Changes in technology or the intended use of these assets may cause the estimated period of use or value of these assets to change.

The Group considers its assets impairment accounting policy to be a policy that requires one of the most extensive applications of judgements and estimates by management.

Assets that are subject to depreciation are reviewed to determine whether there is any indication that the carrying  value  of  these  assets  may  not  be  recoverable  and  have  su ff ered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amounts of the assets are estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. Such impairment loss is recognised in the income statement except where the asset is carried at valuation and the impairment loss does not exceed the revaluation surplus for that asset, in which case it is treated as a revaluation decrease and is recognised in other comprehensive income.

Management's judgements are required in the area of asset impairment, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset values may not be recoverable; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, being the higher of fair value less  costs  to  sell  or  net  present  value  of  future  cash fl ows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the Group; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash fl ow projections including whether these cash fl ow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by management to determine the level, if any, of impairment, including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions in the cash fl ow projections, could materially a ff ect the net present value used in the impairment test and as a result a ff ect the Group's fi nancial condition and results of operations. If there is a signi fi cant adverse change in the projected performance and resulting future cash fl ow projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment charge to the income statement.

## (b) Goodwill

For the purposes of impairment tests, the recoverable amount of goodwill is determined based on valuein-use  calculations.  The  value-in-use  calculations  primarily  use  cash fl ow  projections  based  on fi nancial projections approved by management. There are a number of assumptions and estimates involved for the preparation of cash fl ow projections. The key assumptions adopted in the value-in-use calculations are based on management's best estimates and past experience. Changes to key assumptions can a ff ect signi fi cantly the results of the impairment tests.

Key assumptions are made with respect to the expected growth in revenues and cost of services rendered, timing  of  future  capital  expenditures,  terminal  growth  rates  and  selection  of  discount  rate,  which approximately re fl ect  the  risks  involved.  The  growth in revenues will be a ff ected by the growth in both the volume of containers handled and tari ff .  The  volume of containers handled will be impacted by economic and  global  market  conditions,  structural  changes  within  the  shipping  line  industry  and  in fl uenced  by  the performance and growth of regional and international trading economies. If key export markets for local exporters  experience  an  economic  downturn  or  recession,  export  volumes  may  decrease.  The  growth  of tari ff depends on the Group's overall competitiveness, which is determined by a number of factors, such as geographical reach and connectivity, operating e ffi ciency,  berth availability,  mega vessel handling capability, technology o ff erings, transportation and logistics network and ancillary services and facilities.

A  signi fi cant  portion  of  cost  of  services  rendered  is  labour  cost  which  will  be  impacted  by  labour  supply and in fl ation.  In  addition,  the  introduction  of  ever  larger  vessels  by  shipping  lines  will  require  upgrading  of equipment and new work practices to increase productivity so as to remain competitive.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

## (c) Customer relationships

Customer relationships acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Customer relationships are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method over the expected life of the customer relationships.

The Group considers its impairment accounting policy to be a policy that requires one of the most extensive applications of judgements and estimates by management. Intangible assets with de fi nite  useful  lives  that are  subject  to  amortisation  are  reviewed  to  determine  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  the  carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable and have su ff ered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,  the  recoverable amounts of the intangible assets are estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value-in-use. Such impairment loss is recognised in the income statement. Management's judgements are required in the area of intangible asset impairment, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset values may not be recoverable; and (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, being the higher of fair value less costs to sell or net present value of future cash fl ows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the Group.

## (d) Depreciation

Depreciation of  operating  assets  constitutes  a  substantial  operating  cost  for  the  Group.  The  cost  of fi xed assets is charged as depreciation expense over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets using the straight-line  method. The Group periodically reviews changes in technology and industry conditions, asset retirement  activity  and  residual  values  to  determine  adjustments  to  estimated  remaining  useful  lives  and depreciation rates.

Actual  economic lives  may  di ff er  from  estimated  useful  lives.  Periodic  reviews  could  result  in  a  change  in depreciable lives and therefore depreciation expense in future periods.

## (e) Accrual of net revenue

Revenue is accrued at period end with reference to the throughput handled and the terms of agreements for container handling service. Consequently, recognition of revenue is based on the volume of services rendered as well as the latest tari ff agreed with customers or best estimated by management. This estimate is based on the latest tari ff and  other  industry considerations as appropriate. If the actual revenue di ff ers  from the estimated accrual, this will have an impact on revenue in future periods.

## (f) Pension costs

The Group operates several de fi ned bene fi t plans. Pension costs for de fi ned bene fi t plans are assessed using the projected unit credit method in accordance with HKAS 19 (2011), Employee Bene fi ts.  Under this method, the cost of providing pensions is charged to the income statement so as to spread the regular cost over the future service lives of employees in accordance with the advice of the actuaries who carry out a valuation of the plans. The pension assets/obligations are measured at the present values of the estimated future cash out fl ows using interest rates determined by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period based on high quality corporate bonds with currencies and terms similar to the estimated terms of bene fi t obligations.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

## (f) Pension costs (Continued)

Remeasurements arising from de fi ned bene fi t  plans  are  recognised in other comprehensive income in the year in which they occur and re fl ected immediately in pension reserve. Remeasurements comprise actuarial gains and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net de fi ned bene fi t  liability/asset)  and  any  change  in  the  e ff ect  of  the  asset  ceiling  (excluding  amounts  included in net interest on the net de fi ned bene fi t liability/asset).

Management  appointed  actuaries  to  carry  out  a  full  valuation  of  these  pension  plans  to  determine  the pension assets/obligations that are required to be disclosed and accounted for in the fi nancial statements in accordance with the HKFRS requirements.

The actuaries use assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of the de fi ned bene fi t  plans  and evaluate  and  update  these  assumptions  on  an  annual  basis.  Judgements  are  required  to  determine  the principal  actuarial  assumptions  to  determine  the  present  value  of  de fi ned  bene fi t  obligations  and  service costs.  Changes  to  the  principal  actuarial  assumptions  can  signi fi cantly  a ff ect  the  present  value  of  plan obligations and service costs in future periods.

## (g) Tax

The  Group  is  subject  to  income  taxes  in  di ff erent  jurisdictions.  Signi fi cant  judgements  are  required  in determining  the  provision  for  income  taxes.  There  are  many  transactions  and  calculations  for  which  the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the fi nal tax outcome of these matters is di ff erent from the amounts that were previously recorded, such di ff erences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary di ff erences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying values in the fi nancial statements. Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses carried forward to the extent it is probable that future taxable pro fi ts  will be available against which the unused tax losses can be utilised, based on all available evidence. Recognition primarily involves judgements regarding the future fi nancial performance of the particular legal entity or tax group in which the deferred tax asset has been recognised. A variety of other factors are also evaluated in considering whether there is convincing evidence that it is probable that some portion or all of the deferred tax  assets  will  ultimately  be  realised,  such  as  the  existence  of  taxable  temporary  di ff erences, group relief, tax planning strategies and the periods in which estimated tax losses can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets and related fi nancial models and budgets are reviewed at the end of the reporting period and to the extent that there is insu ffi cient convincing evidence that su ffi cient taxable pro fi ts will be available within  the  utilisation  periods  to  allow  utilisation  of  the  carry  forward  tax  losses,  the  asset  balance  will  be reduced and charged to the income statement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4 Revenue and other income and segment information

## (a) Revenue and other income

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Rendering of port and related services  11,687,782  12,734,118  Rendering of transportation and logistics solutions  261,648  402,551  Management and service fee income  35,743  35,107  System development and support fees  6,953  7,002  Others  1,683  1,619  11,993,809  13,180,397  Other income  Interest income  172,442  63,677  12,166,251  13,244,074   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Segment information

The  chief  operating  decision  maker  has  been  determined  to  be  the  executive  committee  of  HPH  Trust (the  'Executive  Committee').  The  Executive  Committee  reviews  the  internal  reporting  in  order  to  assess performance and allocate resources. Management has determined the operating segments based on these reports.

HPH Trust is principally engaged in investing in, developing, operating and managing deep-water container ports and port ancillary services and therefore management considers that HPH Trust operates in one single business segment at two geographical locations.

Revenue is recognised over time and disclosures by geographical location are shown below:

| Revenue and other income  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  3,266,293  3,715,152  20,140,660  21,213,393  Mainland China  8,899,958  9,528,922  54,912,498  56,582,684  12,166,251  13,244,074  75,053,158  77,796,077   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 Operating pro fi t

Operating pro fi t is stated after crediting and charging the following:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Crediting  Dividend income from River Ports Economic Bene  fi  ts (Note 17)  16,239  25,462  Net gain on disposal of  fi  xed assets  140  10,493  Wage, salary and other subsidies (Note)  30,647  418  Net exchange gain  -  17,697  Charging  Auditor's remuneration  - audit services  14,884  13,983  - non-audit services  1,183  2,676  Amortisation  - leasehold land and land use rights  1,295,000  1,294,106  - railway usage rights  524  542  - customer relationships  334,206  334,206  Depreciation of  fi  xed assets  1,362,530  1,410,335  Depreciation of right-of-use assets within  fi  xed assets  11,716  11,683  Short-term lease costs for  - o  ffi  ce premises and port facilities  62,787  64,413  Sta  ff  costs (including amount charged within cost of services rendered)  - Wages, salaries and other bene  fi  ts  1,348,464  1,359,949  - Pension costs  120,855  128,429  Net exchange loss  53,457  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Mainly bene fi ts  received from government under COVID-19 related employment support scheme recognised in other operating income for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## 6 Interest and other fi nance costs

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Bank loans and overdrafts  309,844  275,488  Guaranteed notes  317,210  288,590  Loans from non-controlling interests  1,631  3,139  Lease liabilities  722  989  Other  fi  nance costs  43,938  48,260  673,345  616,466   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 Tax

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Current tax  1,458,883  1,529,039  Deferred tax (Note 18)  (377,684)  (259,822)  1,081,199  1,269,217   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The tax charge on the Group's pro fi t before tax di ff ers from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted average tax rate of the Group as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Pro  fi  t before tax excluding share of pro  fi  ts less losses after tax  of joint ventures and associated companies  3,607,593  4,762,320  Tax calculated at weighted average tax rate of 26.2% (2021: 25.6%)  945,970  1,217,811  Tax exemption in China  (55,663)  (170,860)  Income not subject to tax  (17,778)  (8,281)  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  99,803  93,561  Withholding tax on unremitted earnings  128,831  155,674  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  (4,534)  (4,403)  Overprovision in prior year  (16,378)  (14,430)  Tax losses not recognised  977  37  Others  (29)  108  Total tax  1,081,199  1,269,217   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 Distributions

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the period from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020  Distribution of 7.70 HK cents per unit  -  670,755  For the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021  Distribution of 6.50 HK cents per unit  -  566,221  For the period from 1 July 2021 to 31 December 2021  Distribution of 8.00 HK cents per unit  696,888  -  For the period from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2022  Distribution of 6.50 HK cents per unit  566,222  -  1,263,110  1,236,976   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 7 February 2023, the Board of Directors of the Trustee-Manager approved the distribution of 8.00 HK cents per unit for the fi nancial result from 1 July 2022 to 31 December 2022 (2021: 8.00 HK cents per unit) amounting to HK$696.9 million (2021: HK$696.9 million) and payable on 24 March 2023. This distribution is not re fl ected in these fi nancial statements and will be recognised in equity in the fi nancial year ending 31 December 2023.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 Earnings per unit

The  calculation  of  earnings  per  unit  is  based  on  profit  attributable  to  unitholders  of  HPH  Trust  of HK$1,099,034,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: HK$1,747,151,000) and on 8,711,101,022 units in issue (2021: 8,711,101,022 units in issue).

Diluted earnings per unit is the same as the basic earnings per unit for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 10 Fixed assets

| ## Group  Properties  Container  handling  equipment  Barges  Other  fi  xed  assets  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Opening net book amount  15,065,231  6,152,202  1,098  428,394  21,646,925  Additions  29,840  35,583  -  1,038  66,461  Transfer from projects under  development (Note 11)  34,797  187,735  -  25,215  247,747  Depreciation  (625,007)  (681,429)  (95)  (67,715)  (1,374,246)  Disposals  -  (771)  -  (67)  (838)  Currency translation  di  ff  erences  (178,732)  (41,116)  -  (8,459)  (228,307)  Closing net book amount  14,326,129  5,652,204  1,003  378,406  20,357,742  At 31 December 2022  Cost  21,159,889  13,521,297  9,484  1,071,442  35,762,112  Accumulated depreciation  (6,833,760)  (7,869,093)  (8,481)  (693,036)  (15,404,370)  Net book amount  14,326,129  5,652,204  1,003  378,406  20,357,742  2021  Opening net book amount  15,616,352  6,743,300  2,503  476,799  22,838,954  Additions  962  11,299  -  -  12,261  Transfer from projects under  development (Note 11)  17,533  111,160  -  21,308  150,001  Depreciation  (627,390)  (720,927)  (592)  (73,109)  (1,422,018)  Disposals  (162)  (5,658)  (813)  -  (6,633)  Currency translation  di  ff  erences  57,936  13,028  -  3,396  74,360  Closing net book amount  15,065,231  6,152,202  1,098  428,394  21,646,925  At 31 December 2021  Cost  21,338,353  13,328,113  9,484  1,070,764  35,746,714  Accumulated depreciation  (6,273,122)  (7,175,911)  (8,386)  (642,370)  (14,099,789)  Net book amount  15,065,231  6,152,202  1,098  428,394  21,646,925   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10 Fixed assets (Continued)

Note:

The  Group  has  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  certain  assets  included  in  properties,  container  handling equipment and other fi xed  assets  for  a  period  of  time  through  lease  arrangements.  Lease  arrangements with  terms  of  1  to  3  years  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  terms  and conditions. During the year ended 31 December 2022, additions to the right-of-use assets under properties and  other fi xed  assets  were  HK$24,218,000  (2021:  nil)  and  no  disposals  to  the  right-of-use  assets  under container handling equipment due to termination of lease terms for the year end 31 December 2022 (2021: HK$3,275,000).

The carrying amounts of right-of-use assets included in fi xed assets are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Properties  26,449  14,912  Other  fi  xed assets  692  126  27,141  15,038   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation charge for right-of-use assets recognised in the consolidated income statement is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Properties  11,415  10,890  Other  fi  xed assets  301  793  11,716  11,683   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 Projects under development

| Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the year  654,524  478,216  Additions  361,361  324,582  Transfer to  fi  xed assets (Note 10)  (247,747)  (150,001)  Currency translation di  ff  erences  (5,227)  1,727  At end of the year  762,911  654,524   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Projects  under development mainly represent the cost of construction of port facilities in Hong Kong and Mainland China.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 12 Leasehold land and land use rights

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net book value  At beginning of the year  34,579,438  35,843,729  Amortisation  (1,295,000)  (1,294,106)  Currency translation di  ff  erences  (105,470)  29,815  At end of the year  33,178,968  34,579,438  Cost  48,220,758  48,357,185  Accumulated amortisation  (15,041,790)  (13,777,747)  33,178,968  34,579,438   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The net book value of land use rights, which are accounted for as right-of-use assets, was HK$7,082,083,000 at  31  December  2022  (2021:  HK$7,194,832,000).  The  corresponding  amortisation  charge  for  the  year  was HK$284,834,000 (2021: HK$283,118,000).

## 13 Railway usage rights

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net book value  At beginning of the year  10,787  11,056  Amortisation  (524)  (542)  Currency translation di  ff  erences  (863)  273  At end of the year  9,400  10,787  Cost  14,939  16,966  Accumulated amortisation  (5,539)  (6,179)  9,400  10,787   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14 Intangible assets

## (a) Customer relationships

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Net book value  At beginning of the year  4,833,360  5,167,566  Amortisation  (334,206)  (334,206)  At end of the year  4,499,154  4,833,360  Cost  8,440,000  8,440,000  Accumulated amortisation  (3,940,846)  (3,606,640)  At end of the year  4,499,154  4,833,360   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14 Intangible assets (Continued)

## (b) Goodwill

The Group has one business segment and two geographical CGU to which goodwill is allocated as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  -  -  Mainland China  11,270,044  11,270,044  11,270,044  11,270,044  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the year  11,270,044  11,270,044  Impairment of goodwill (accumulated: HK$30.4 billion)  -  -  At end of the year  11,270,044  11,270,044   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As in the prior year, management performed an impairment assessment based on value-in-use calculations using cash fl ow projections based on fi nancial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period and a further outlook for 5 years, which is considered appropriate in view of the long-term nature of the terminal business. Management determined that no further impairment of goodwill is required in 2022. The impairment methodology assumed terminal values and discount rates of 2%-3% (2021: 2%-3%) and 10%-11% (2021: 8%-10%) per annum, respectively. Terminal values are determined by considering both internal and external factors relating to the port operation and discount rates re fl ect speci fi c risks relating to the relevant business.

The assumptions regarding the growth rates in revenue and cost of services rendered used in the current year's assessments were comparable to last year. For illustration purposes, a hypothetical 0.5% decrease in the revenue growth rate, a 0.5% increase in costs of services rendered and a 0.5% increase in the discount rate, with all other variables and assumptions held constant, would decrease the recoverable amount of the Hong Kong CGU, by HK$1.9 billion, HK$0.9 billion and HK$1.4 billion respectively and of the Mainland China CGU, by HK$2.0 billion, HK$0.6 billion and HK$2.1 billion, respectively.

Actual  results  in  the  future  may  di ff er  materially  from  the  sensitivity  analysis  due  to  developments  in  the global  markets  and  changes  in  economic  conditions  which  may  cause fl uctuations  in  growth  and  market interest rates to vary and therefore it is important to note that the hypothetical amounts so generated do not represent a projection of likely future events and pro fi ts or losses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15 Associated companies

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of net assets  204,026  310,937  Loan to an associated company - non-current  -  646,600  204,026  957,537   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A 5-year loan of RMB530,000,000, approximate to HK$593,600,000 (2021: RMB530,000,000, approximate to HK$646,600,000) provided to an associated company is unsecured, interest bearing at a fi xed rate of 4.0% per  annum  and  repayable  in  August  2023.  The  carrying  amount  of  the  loan  to  an  associated  company approximates its fair value. The loan is current in nature as at 31 December 2022 and disclosed in Note 20.

Details of the principal associated companies at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  establishment  Principal activities  E  ff  ective  interest held  Shenzhen Huazhou Ocean  Development Co., Ltd.  (formerly known as 'Shenzhen  Yantian Tugboat Company Ltd.')  China  Provision of tugboat  services in China  23.84%  Huizhou International Container  Terminals Limited (1)  China  Development and operation  of a container terminal  41.31%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers network fi rms

There is no associated company as at 31 December 2022, which in the opinion of the directors of the TrusteeManager, is individually material to the Group.

There are no material contingent liabilities relating to the Group's interests in the associated companies.

Set out below is the Group's share of the year's total comprehensive loss from its associated companies:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Pro  fi  ts less losses after tax  (81,423)  (81,530)  Other comprehensive loss  (25,488)  (604)  Total comprehensive loss  (106,911)  (82,134)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16 Joint ventures

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Share of net assets  4,887,599  3,825,835  Loans to joint ventures - non-current  -  122,200  Less: accumulated impairment  (930,000)  (930,000)  3,957,599  3,018,035   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

A loan of HK$120,000,000 (2021: HK$120,000,000) provided to a joint venture is unsecured, interest bearing at Hong Kong Interbank O ff ered Rate ('HIBOR') plus 2.1% per annum and repayable in March 2023. As at 31 December 2021, another loan provided to a joint venture of HK$2,200,000 was unsecured, interest free and was settled during the year ended 31 December 2022. The carrying amounts of the loans to joint ventures approximate their fair values. The remaining loan is current in nature as at 31 December 2022 and disclosed in Note 20.

Details of principal joint ventures at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  Principal activities  E  ff  ective  interest held  COSCO-HIT Terminals (Hong Kong)  Limited (1)  Hong Kong  Development and operation  of a container terminal  50.00%  Asia Container Terminals Limited (1)  Hong Kong  Development and operation  of a container terminal  40.00%  Beijing Leading Edge Container  Services Company Limited  China  Provision of logistics services  50.00%  Mercury Sky Group Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  50.00%  Shenzhen Leading Edge Port  Services Co. Ltd. (1)  China  Provision of port  agency services  49.00%  Yantian East Port International  Container Terminals Limited  ('YEPICT') (1)  China  Development and operation  of a container terminal  39.73%  Yantian Port International  Information Company Limited  China  Provision of electronic port  community system  28.21%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers network fi rms

(2) Not required to be audited under the laws of the country of incorporation

There  is  no  joint  venture  as  at  31  December  2022,  which  in  the  opinion  of  the  directors  of  the  TrusteeManager, is individually material to the Group.

There are no material contingent liabilities relating to the Group's interests in the joint ventures.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16 Joint ventures (Continued)

Set out below is the Group's share of the year's total comprehensive income from its joint ventures:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Pro  fi  ts less losses after tax  74,730  115,580  Other comprehensive (loss)/income  (65,875)  1,813  Total comprehensive income  8,855  117,393   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Other non-current assets

| Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investments  Listed equity security  29,701  39,151  River Ports Economic Bene  fi  ts (Note)  280,109  283,000  Prepayment for  fi  xed assets  50,198  45,759  Other receivables and prepayments  -  56,190  Derivative  fi  nancial instruments  Interest rate swaps under cash  fl  ow hedges  325,034  85,567  685,042  509,667   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The River Ports Economic Bene fi ts  represent the economic interest and bene fi ts  of  the  river  ports  in  Nanhai and Jiangmen, China (together the 'River Ports'), including all dividends and any other distributions or other monies payable to a related company or any of its subsidiary companies in its capacity as a shareholder of the relevant holding company of the River Ports arising from the pro fi ts  attributable to the business of the River Ports and all sale or disposal proceeds derived from such businesses, assets, rights and/or liabilities constituting  any  part  of  the  business  of  the  River  Ports  as  agreed  with  a  related  company  and  any  of  its subsidiary companies. The movement is due to change in fair value.

## 18 Deferred tax

| Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax assets  (5,059)  (11,978)  Deferred tax liabilities  8,883,533  9,268,299  Net deferred tax liabilities  8,878,474  9,256,321   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18 Deferred tax (Continued)

The movements in deferred tax (assets)/liabilities during the year are as follows:

| Unused  tax  losses  Accelerated  depreciation  allowances  Fair value  adjustments  arising from  acquisitions  Withholding  tax on  unremitted  earnings  Others  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  At 1 January 2022  (12,353)  519,730  8,294,176  460,431  (5,663)  9,256,321  Tax charged/(credited) to  income statement  6,615  (21,781)  (355,578)  (7,164)  224  (377,684)  Other temporary di  ff  erences  -  28  -  -  (191)  (163)  At 31 December 2022  (5,738)  497,977  7,938,598  453,267  (5,630)  8,878,474  2021  At 1 January 2021  (19,449)  547,006  8,652,669  343,323  (6,893)  9,516,656  Tax charged/(credited) to  income statement  7,108  (27,250)  (358,493)  117,577  1,236  (259,822)  Other temporary di  ff  erences  (12)  (26)  -  (469)  (6)  (513)  At 31 December 2021  (12,353)  519,730  8,294,176  460,431  (5,663)  9,256,321   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The deferred tax assets and liabilities are o ff set when there is a legally enforceable right to set o ff and when the deferred taxes relate to the same fi scal authority.
- (b) Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that realisation of the related tax bene fi t through the future taxable pro fi t is probable. The Group has unrecognised tax losses of HK$87,642,000 at 31 December 2022 (31 December 2021: HK$115,381,000) to carry forward against future taxable income. Of these, HK$63,225,000 can be carried forward inde fi nitely (31 December 2021: HK$90,532,000).  The  remaining  HK$24,417,000  (31  December  2021:  HK$24,849,000)  expires  in  the following years:
- (c) Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  calculated  in  full  on  temporary  di ff erences  under  the  liabilities  method using the tax rate of the countries in which the Group operated. The temporary di ff erences are for accelerated depreciation allowances, fair value adjustments arising from acquisitions and withholding taxes arising from unremitted earnings.
- (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be recovered or settled mostly after more than twelve months.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  In the  fi  rst year  1,007  223  In the second year  10,245  3,017  In the third year  9,215  11,364  In the fourth year  11  10,197  In the  fi  fth year  3,939  48  24,417  24,849   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19 Cash and bank balances

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and cash equivalents  Cash at bank and on hand  1,614,255  1,620,219  Short-term bank deposits  8,780,913  9,427,788  Cash and bank balances  10,395,168  11,048,007  ## Trust  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cash and cash equivalents  Cash at bank and on hand  5,049  4,868   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and bank balances are denominated in the following currencies:

| ## Group  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Hong Kong dollar  34%  43%  Renminbi  10%  10%  United States dollar  56%  47%  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Trust  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Hong Kong dollar  48%  76%  United States dollar  5%  3%  Singapore dollar  47%  21%  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of cash and bank balances approximate their fair values. The maximum exposure to credit risk is the carrying amounts of the cash and bank balances.

## 20 Trade and other receivables

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  1,897,009  3,464,903  Less: loss allowance provision (Note d)  (47,339)  (50,786)  1,849,670  3,414,117  Other receivables and prepayments  393,935  341,978  Amounts due from associated companies (Note a)  11,805  17,955  Amounts due from joint ventures (Note a)  149,223  147,218  Loan to an associated company (Note b)  593,600  109,800  Loan to a joint venture (Note c)  120,000  -  Derivative  fi  nancial instruments  Cross currency interest rate swaps under cash  fl  ow hedge  -  2,010  3,118,233  4,033,078  ## Trust  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Other receivables and prepayments  356  366  Amounts due from subsidiary companies (Note a)  658  714  1,014  1,080   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

| ## Group  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Hong Kong dollar  47%  48%  Renminbi  39%  41%  United States dollar  14%  11%  100%  100%  ## Trust  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Singapore dollar  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  receivables  are  stated  at  the  expected  recoverable  amount,  net  of  any  provision  for  estimated impairment losses where it is deemed that a receivable may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair values.

Notes:

- (a) The amounts due from associated companies and joint ventures of the Group; and amounts due from subsidiary companies of the Trust are unsecured, interest free and have no fi xed terms of repayment.
- (b) The loan to an associated company is unsecured, interest bearing at a fi xed rate of 4.0% per annum and repayable in one year. As at 31 December 2021, another loan to an associated company is unsecured, interest bearing at a fi xed rate of 2.3% per annum.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20 Trade and other receivables (Continued)

Notes (Continued):

- (c) The loan to a joint venture is unsecured, interest bearing at HIBOR plus 2.1% per annum and repayable in one year.
- (d) At  31  December  2022,  trade  receivables  of  the  Group  amounting  to  HK$47,339,000  (2021: HK$50,786,000) were impaired and provided for. The Group applies the simpli fi ed approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected credit loss provision for all trade receivables.

Movements on the loss allowance provision for trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At beginning of the year  50,786  51,043  Additions  12  650  Write back  (3,116)  (251)  Written o  ff  (335)  (563)  Currency translation di  ff  erences  (8)  (93)  At end of the year  47,339  50,786   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The additions to and write back of loss allowance provision for trade receivables have been included in the income statement.

The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivables mentioned above.

## 21 Trade and other payables

| Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables, other payables and accruals  5,706,185  6,403,773  Loans from non-controlling interests (Note a)  108,756  115,756  Lease liabilities  12,391  12,100  Derivative  fi  nancial instruments  Cross currency interest rate swaps under cash  fl  ow hedge (Note 24)  12,847  -  Amounts due to related companies (Note b)  107,473  100,958  Amounts due to associated companies (Note b)  3,016  2,898  Amounts due to joint ventures (Note b)  64,176  77,560  6,014,844  6,713,045   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21 Trade and other payables (Continued)

| ## Trust  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables, other payables and accruals  6,456  5,642  Amounts due to:  - a related company (Note b)  32,851  16,477  - subsidiary companies (Note b)  1,846  1,234  41,153  23,353   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

## Group

Hong Kong dollar

Renminbi

United States dollar

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2022

Percentage

87%

10%

3%

100%

2021

Percentage

83%

15%

2%

100%

| ## Trust  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Hong Kong dollar  4%  5%  United States dollar  80%  71%  Singapore dollar  16%  24%  100%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  the  carrying  amounts  of  trade  and  other  payables  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Trust approximate their fair values.

Notes:

- (a) The  loans  from  non-controlling  interests  of  the  Group  are  unsecured,  interest  free  except  for  the amount of RMB70,000,000, approximate to HK$78,400,000 (2021: approximate to HK$85,400,000) which bears interest at fi xed rate of 2.0% per annum and repayable in one year.
- (b) Amounts  due  to  related  companies,  associated  companies  and  joint  ventures  of  the  Group;  and amounts due to a related company and subsidiary companies of the Trust are unsecured, interest free and have no fi xed terms of repayment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 22 Bank and other debts

| Group  Current  portion  Non-current  portion  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Unsecured bank loans  5,070,000  10,370,000  15,440,000  Guaranteed notes  -  11,700,000  11,700,000  Total principal amount of bank and other debts  5,070,000  22,070,000  27,140,000  Unamortised loan facility fees and discounts related  to debts  (2,341)  (98,088)  (100,429)  At 31 December 2022  5,067,659  21,971,912  27,039,571  Unsecured bank loans  3,298,000  10,140,000  13,438,000  Guaranteed notes  3,900,000  11,700,000  15,600,000  Total principal amount of bank and other debts  7,198,000  21,840,000  29,038,000  Unamortised loan facility fees and discounts related  to debts  (7,655)  (110,038)  (117,693)  At 31 December 2021  7,190,345  21,729,962  28,920,307   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of bank loans of the Group approximate their fair values as the bank loans bear fl oating interest rates and are repriced within one month at the prevailing market interest rates. The bank loans will be fully repayable from March 2023 to August 2027 (2021: repayable from September 2022 to September 2026).

In November 2019, the Group issued a 5-year US$500 million 2.875% guaranteed note due 2024.

In  March and September 2021, the Group issued a 5-year US$500 million 2.00% guaranteed note due 2026 and a 5-year US$500 million 1.50% guaranteed note due 2026, respectively.

The e ff ective interest rate of the Group's bank and other debts at 31 December 2022 is 3.1% per annum (2021: 2.3% per annum).

Bank and other debts are denominated in the following currencies:

| Group  2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Hong Kong dollar  20%  11%  United States dollar  80%  89%  100%  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 Pension assets

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  De  fi  ned bene  fi  t plans  Pension assets  123,213  303,782   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group operates a number of de fi ned bene fi t and de fi ned contribution plans, the assets of which are held independently of the Group's assets in trustee administered funds.

## (a) De fi ned bene fi t plans

The  Group's  de fi ned  bene fi t  plans  in  Hong  Kong  are  a  contributory fi nal  salary  pension  plan  and  a  noncontributory guaranteed return de fi ned contribution plan. The Group's plans were valued by Towers Watson Hong Kong Limited, quali fi ed actuaries at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 using the projected unit credit  method to account for the pension accounting costs in accordance with HKAS 19 (2011) 'Employee Bene fi ts'.

The principal actuarial assumptions used for accounting purposes are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Discount rate  3.70-3.80%  1.20-1.50%  Future salary increases  3.50%  3.50%  Interest credited on plan accounts  5.00-6.00%  5.00-6.00%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of fi nancial position are determined as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fair value of plan assets  1,291,827  1,699,440  Present value of de  fi  ned bene  fi  t obligations  (1,168,614)  (1,395,658)  Net de  fi  ned bene  fi  t assets  123,213  303,782   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 23 Pension assets (Continued)

## (a) De fi ned bene fi t plans (Continued)

The  movements in  the  present  value  of  the  de fi ned  bene fi t  assets/(liabilities)  and  its  components  are  as follows:

| De  fi  ned  bene  fi  ts  obligations  HK$'000  Fair value  of plan  assets  HK$'000  Net de  fi  ned  bene  fi  t  assets  HK$'000  2022  At 1 January  (1,395,658)  1,699,440  303,782  Net (charge)/credit to the income statement  Current service cost  (46,377)  (619)  (46,996)  Interest (cost)/income  (17,373)  21,545  4,172  (63,750)  20,926  (42,824)  Net credit/(charge) to other comprehensive income  Remeasurements gain/(loss):  Actuarial gain/(loss) arising from:  Experience adjustment  4,607  -  4,607  Financial assumptions  158,689  -  158,689  Demographic assumption  (136)  -  (136)  Return on plan assets excluding interest income  -  (301,197)  (301,197)  163,160  (301,197)  (138,037)  Other  Contributions paid by the employer  -  292  292  Contributions paid by the employee  (6,172)  6,172  -  Bene  fi  ts paid  118,617  (118,617)  -  Net transfer  15,189  (15,189)  -  At 31 December  (1,168,614)  1,291,827  123,213   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 Pension assets (Continued)

## (a) De fi ned bene fi t plans (Continued)

| De  fi  ned  bene  fi  ts  obligations  HK$'000  Fair value  of plan  assets  HK$'000  Net de  fi  ned  bene  fi  t  assets  HK$'000  2021  At 1 January  (1,513,663)  1,599,377  85,714  Net (charge)/credit to the income statement  Current service cost  (52,446)  (383)  (52,829)  Interest (cost)/income  (5,744)  5,579  (165)  (58,190)  5,196  (52,994)  Net credit to other comprehensive income  Remeasurements gain:  Actuarial gain arising from:  Experience adjustment  5,473  -  5,473  Financial assumptions  77,582  -  77,582  Demographic assumption  121  -  121  Return on plan assets excluding interest income  -  156,970  156,970  83,176  156,970  240,146  Other  Contributions paid by the employer  -  30,916  30,916  Contributions paid by the employee  (6,711)  6,711  -  Bene  fi  ts paid  98,565  (98,565)  -  Net transfer  1,165  (1,165)  -  At 31 December  (1,395,658)  1,699,440  303,782   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 23 Pension assets (Continued)

## (a) De fi ned bene fi t plans (Continued)

Fair value of the plan assets is analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Equity Instruments  Conglomerates and manufacturing  2%  2%  Consumer markets  2%  2%  Energy and utilities  1%  1%  Financial institutions and units trust  43%  55%  Health and care  3%  3%  Insurance  1%  1%  Real estate  0%  0%  Information technology  7%  7%  Others  1%  1%  60%  72%  Debt instruments  Government (other than US)  7%  5%  Financial institutions  9%  4%  US Treasury  7%  5%  Others  11%  8%  34%  22%  Cash and others  6%  6%  100%  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The debt instruments are analysed by issuer's credit rating as follows:

| 2022  2021  Percentage  Percentage  Aaa/AAA  16%  17%  Aa1/AA+  21%  15%  Aa2/AA  4%  6%  Aa3/AA-  3%  8%  A1/A+  15%  14%  A2/A  5%  9%  A3/A-  11%  9%  Baa1/BBB+  7%  9%  Baa2/BBB  4%  3%  Other lower grade  2%  2%  No investment grade  12%  8%  100%  100%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 Pension assets (Continued)

## (a) De fi ned bene fi t plans (Continued)

The fair value of the above equity instruments and debt instruments is determined based on quoted market prices.

Contributions  to  fund  the  obligations  are  based  upon  the  recommendations  of  independent  qualified actuaries for each of the pension plans of the Group to fully fund the relevant schemes on an ongoing basis. The realisation of the de fi cit  is  contingent  upon  the  realisation  of  the  actuarial  assumptions made which is dependent upon a number of factors including the market performance of plan assets. Funding requirements of the major de fi ned bene fi t plans of the Group are detailed below.

The Group operates two principal pension plans in Hong Kong. One plan, which has been closed to new entrants since 1994, provides pension bene fi ts  based on the greater of the aggregate of the employee and employer vested contributions  plus  a  minimum  interest  thereon  of  6%  per  annum,  and  pension  bene fi ts derived  by  a  formula  based  on  the fi nal  salary  and  years  of  service.  An  independent  actuarial  valuation, undertaken  for  funding  purposes  under  the  provision  of  Hong  Kong's  Occupational  Retirement  Schemes Ordinance ('ORSO'), at 1 January 2022 reported a funding level of 164% of the accrued actuarial liabilities on an ongoing basis. The valuation used the attained age valuation method and the main assumptions in the valuation are an investment return of 4% per annum, salary increases of 3.5% per annum and interest credited to balances of 6% per annum. The valuation was prepared by Tian Keat Aun, a Fellow of The Institute and Faculty  of  Actuaries,  and  Stewart  Chan,  a  Fellow  of  the  Society  of  Actuaries,  of  Towers  Watson  Hong Kong Limited. The second plan provides bene fi ts equal to the employer vested contributions plus a minimum interest thereon of 5% per annum. As at 31 December 2022, vested bene fi ts under this plan are fully funded in  accordance  with  the  ORSO  funding  requirements.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  forfeited contributions totalling HK$1,127,000 (2021: HK$981,000) were used to reduce the level of contributions of the year ended 31 December 2022 and no forfeited contribution was available at 31 December 2022 (2021: nil) to reduce future year's contributions.

The sensitivity of the de fi ned bene fi t obligation to changes in the signi fi cant principal assumptions is:

| Impact on de  fi  ned bene  fi  t obligation  Change in  assumption  Increase in  assumption  Decrease in  assumption  Discount rate  0.25%  Decrease by 1.3%  Increase by 1.3%  Salary increase  0.25%  Increase by 0.2%  Decrease by 0.2%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the de fi ned bene fi t obligation to signi fi cant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of the de fi ned bene fi t  obligation  calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period) has been applied as when calculating the pension liability recognised within the statement of fi nancial position. The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to previous year.

The Group expects to make contributions of HK$18,401,000 (2021: HK$32,000,000) to the de fi ned bene fi t plans during the next year.

The weighted average duration of the de fi ned bene fi t obligation is 5.0 years as at 31 December 2022 (2021: 6.0 years).

## (b) De fi ned contribution plans

The Group's cost in respect of de fi ned contribution plans for the year amounted to HK$78,031,000 (2021: HK$75,435,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24 Other non-current liabilities

| ## Group  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Derivative  fi  nancial instruments:  Cash  fl  ow hedges  Cross currency interest rate swaps  12,847  115,654  Less: current portion of cross currency interest rate swaps (Note 21)  (12,847)  -  Non-current portion of derivative  fi  nancial instruments  -  115,654  Lease liabilities  16,674  5,859  Others  106,785  119,463  123,459  240,976   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25 Units in issue

| ## Group and Trust  Number of  units  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022  8,711,101,022  68,553,839   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All issued units are fully paid and rank pari passu in all respects.

## 26 Investment in a subsidiary company

| Trust  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Investment cost  10,000  10,000  Capital contribution  45,868,723  47,171,833  Less: accumulated impairment  (24,212,051)  (24,212,051)  21,666,672  22,969,782   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to an investment agreement between HPH Trust and a wholly-owned subsidiary, HPHT Limited, dated 4 August 2011, HPH Trust made capital contributions of HK$67,280,000,000 to HPHT Limited ('Capital Contribution') through capitalising the amounts due from the subsidiary. HPH Trust has no right to require HPHT  Limited  to  return  any  Capital  Contribution.  HPHT  Limited  may  return  to  HPH  Trust  any  Capital Contribution  at  any  time  in  whole  or  in  part.  Accordingly,  the  Capital  Contribution  is  accounted  for  as investment in a subsidiary company.

Details of subsidiary companies of the Group are disclosed in Note 31.

## 27 Notes to consolidated statement of cash fl ows

## (a) Reconciliation of operating pro fi t to cash generated from operations is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Operating pro  fi  t  4,280,938  5,378,786  Depreciation and amortisation  3,003,976  3,050,872  Net gain on disposal of  fi  xed assets  (140)  (10,493)  Dividend income  (19,034)  (28,854)  Interest income  (172,442)  (63,677)  Operating pro  fi  t before working capital changes  7,093,298  8,326,634  Decrease in inventories  6,955  12,784  Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables  1,628,943  (882,476)  Movement in balances with associated companies and joint ventures  (9,121)  8,417  (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables  (695,301)  1,136,655  Decrease in pension assets  42,532  22,078  Cash generated from operations  8,067,306  8,624,092   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from fi nancing activities is as follows:

| Dividend  payable  to non-  controlling  interests  Bank  loans  repayable  not  exceeding  1 year  Bank  loans  repayable  more than  1 year  Guaranteed  notes  Cross currency  interest rate  swap contracts  and interest rate  swap contracts  held to hedge  against foreign  currency risks and  fair value risks of  bank loans  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2022  -  3,294,669  10,107,454  15,518,184  28,077  17,959  28,966,343  Cash  fl  ows (Note)  (2,006,952)  (3,298,000)  5,273,500  (3,900,000)  -  (14,381)  (3,945,833)  Foreign exchange  adjustments  2,512  -  -  -  -  -  2,512  Transfer between  categories  -  5,067,659  (5,067,659)  -  -  -  -  Dividends to non-  controlling interests  2,004,440  -  -  -  -  -  2,004,440  Increase in lease  liabilities  -  -  -  -  -  24,765  24,765  Other non-cash  movements  -  3,331  17,074  23,359  (340,264)  722  (295,778)  At 31 December 2022  -  5,067,659  10,330,369  11,641,543  (312,187)  29,065  26,756,449   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The total cash out fl ow for the leases in 2022 was HK$53,577,000.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27 Notes to consolidated statement of cash fl ows (Continued)

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from fi nancing activities is as follows: (Continued)

| Dividend  payable  to non-  controlling  interests  Bank  loans  repayable  not  exceeding  1 year  Bank  loans  repayable  more than  1 year  Guaranteed  notes  Cross currency  interest rate  swap contracts  and interest rate  swap contracts  held to hedge  against foreign  currency risks and  fair value risks of  guaranteed notes  and bank loans  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  -  3,990,570  17,563,628  7,764,545  297,524  30,077  29,646,344  Cash  fl  ows (Note)  (1,208,836)  (3,992,000)  (4,190,000)  7,735,586  -  (12,747)  (1,667,997)  Foreign exchange  adjustments  3,290  -  -  -  -  -  3,290  Transfer between  categories  -  3,294,669  (3,294,669)  -  -  -  -  Dividends to non-  controlling interests  1,205,546  -  -  -  -  -  1,205,546  Decrease in lease  liabilities  -  -  -  -  -  (360)  (360)  Other non-cash  movements  -  1,430  28,495  18,053  (269,447)  989  (220,480)  At 31 December 2021  -  3,294,669  10,107,454  15,518,184  28,077  17,959  28,966,343   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The total cash out fl ow for the leases in 2021 was HK$67,479,000.

## 28 Commitments

## (a) The Group's capital commitments are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Fixed assets and projects under development  Contracted but not provided for  62,064  45,883  Capital contribution to a joint venture  -  1,241,198   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28 Commitments (Continued)

- (b) The Group's share of capital commitments of the joint ventures is as follows:
- (c) The Group leases various o ffi ces  premises  and  port  facilities  under  non-cancellable  leases  expiring  within eleven  months  to  twelve  months  (2021:  two  months  to  eleven  months).  The  leases  have  varying  terms, escalation clauses and renewal rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contracted but not provided for  2,590,767  42,365   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The future minimum lease payments for leases not recognised in the fi nancial statements are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  2,180  1,669   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

- (d) At 31 December 2022, the Group has leased certain o ffi ce premises and port facilities to third parties under non-cancellable operating leases. Aggregate minimum lease receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  48,831  66,468  Between one and two years  28,823  43,527  Between two and three years  14,690  -  92,344  109,995   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29 Related parties transactions

Signi fi cant transactions between the Group and related parties during the year that are carried out in the normal  course  of  business  are  disclosed  below.  Outstanding  balances  with  associated  companies,  joint ventures and group companies are disclosed in Notes 15, 16, 20 and 21.

## (i) Income from and expenses to related parties

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Income:  Container handling fees received from joint ventures, an associated  company and related companies (Note a)  12,819  11,554  Management, service and support fee received from related  companies (Note b)  43,799  43,029  Transportation management services fee income from related  companies (Note c)  101,329  182,376  Interest income from a joint venture and an associated company  (Note d)  29,308  28,804  Expenses:  Container handling charges paid to joint ventures and related  companies (Note e)  12,109  11,956  Lease rentals on premises and port facilities paid to a joint venture,  an associated company and related companies (Note e)  17,189  10,211  Trustee-Manager management fees (Note f)  - Base fee  25,809  25,060  - Development fee  21,029  3,552  - Acquisition fee  -  72  Global support services fees to a related company (Note g)  154,856  150,362  Information technology ('IT') support and maintenance service fees  paid to a joint venture and related companies (Note h)  48,676  46,712   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) Container  handling  fees  received  from  joint  ventures,  an  associated  company  and  related companies were charged at terms pursuant to the relevant agreements.
- (b) Management, service and support fee received from related companies were charged at terms mutually agreed.
- (c) Revenue from related companies for the provision of transportation management services was charged at prices and terms mutually agreed.
- (d) A loan of HK$120,000,000 provided to a joint venture is interest bearing at HIBOR plus 2.1% per annum (2021: HIBOR plus 2.1% per annum). Another loans of RMB530,000,000, approximate to  HK$593,600,000  (2021:  RMB530,000,000,  approximate  to  HK$646,600,000)  provided  to  an associated company is unsecured and interest bearing at a fi xed rate of 4.0% per annum. As at 31 December 2021, another loan of RMB90,000,000, approximate to HK$109,800,000 provided to an associated company is unsecured and interest bearing at a fi xed rate of 2.3% per annum.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29 Related parties transactions (Continued)

- (i) Income from and expenses to related parties (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

- (e) Container handling charges and lease rentals paid to joint ventures, an associated company and related companies were charged at terms pursuant to relevant agreements.
- (f) The  Trustee-Manager's  management  fees  were  charged  in  accordance  with  the  Trust Deed.

The  base  fee  was  charged  at  a fi xed  fee  of  US$2,500,000  (equivalent  to  HK$19,500,000)  per annum which is subject to increase each year from 2012 by such percentage representing the percentage increase in the Hong Kong Composite Consumer Price Index. The base fee for the year ended 31 December 2022 is payable in cash. As the December 2022 fi gure for the Hong Kong Composite Consumer Price Index is yet to be published as at the date of preparation of these fi nancial statements, the adjustment to the base fee, if required, will be accounted for in the subsequent fi nancial year.

Development fee relates to the development project by YEPICT, a joint venture of HPH Trust, was charged in accordance with the Trust Deed which states that the development fee is payable in arrears for every six months after the commencement of the development project in respect of project costs incurred over the previous six-month period. Pursuant to the Trust Deed,

- (1) where the total project  costs  incurred  in  the  development  project  is  less  than  US$500 million, the Trustee-Manager is entitled to receive a fee of 2.5% of the total project costs incurred (pro-rated to HPH Trust's 39.73% e ff ective interest in the subject development project); and
- (2) where the total project costs incurred in the development project is US$500 million or more, the Trustee-Manager is entitled to receive a fee of US$12.5 million plus 1.5% of the total project costs incurred which exceeds US$500 million (pro-rated to HPH Trust's 39.73% e ff ective interest in the subject development project).

Total project costs incurred since commencement of the project up to 31 December 2022 were less  than US$500 million. Development fees were calculated based on the 2.5% of the project costs incurred for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Acquisition  fee  relates  to  the  acquisition  of  equity  interest  of  49.0%  in  SupplyLINE  Logistics Limited by the subsidiary of HPH Trust in 2021. They were charged in accordance with the Trust Deed where the Sponsor (as de fi ned in the Trust Deed) does not have direct or indirect interests of more than 50.0% in the investment acquired. It was calculated based on 1.0% of the Enterprise Value (as de fi ned in the Trust Deed) of the subject investment.

- (g) Global  support  services  fees  in  respect  of  administration  services,  and  licence  for  certain intellectual property rights were charged at prices and terms mutually agreed.
- (h) IT  support  and  maintenance  services  fees  in  respect  of  the  support  and  maintenance  of  IT systems  paid  to  a  joint  venture  and  related  companies  were  charged  at  prices  and  terms mutually agreed.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29 Related parties transactions (Continued)

## (ii) Joint Operating Alliance of the Kwai Tsing container terminals

Pursuant  to  the  Hong  Kong  Seaport  Joint  Operating  Alliance  Agreement  entered  into  by  Hongkong International Terminals Limited, COSCO-HIT Terminals (Hong Kong) Limited, Asia Container Terminals Limited and Modern Terminals Limited, with e ff ect from 1 April 2019, the parties collaborate with each other for the e ffi cient  management and operation of the 23 berths across Terminals 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 (together the 'Combined Terminal Facilities') in Kwai Tsing. The revenue and costs from the management and operation of the facilities of the Combined Terminal Facilities are shared among the parties at a pre-agreed ratio.

## (iii) Key management compensation

Key management of the Group includes managing directors and key management of the deep-water container ports of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and employee bene  fi  ts  25,273  29,094   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 Financial risk and capital management

## (a) Cash management and funding

The major fi nancial instruments of the Group include liquid funds, investments, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables and borrowings. Details of these fi nancial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes to the fi nancial statements. The risk management programme of the Group is designed to minimise the fi nancial risks of the Group. These risks include credit risk, interest rate risk, foreign currency risk and liquidity risk.

The Group generally obtains long-term fi nancing to meet funding requirements. Management of the Group regularly and closely monitors its overall net debt position and reviews its funding costs and maturity pro fi le to facilitate re fi nancing.

## (b) Capital management

The Group's strategy involves adopting and maintaining an appropriate mix of debt and equity to ensure optimal returns to unitholders, while maintaining su ffi cient fl exibility to implement growth strategies.

The  Group  may  consider  diversifying  its  sources  of  debt fi nancing  by  accessing  the  debt  capital  markets through the issuance of bonds to optimise the debt maturity pro fi le  and to make adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions.

The Group has complied with all externally imposed capital requirements which include a leverage ratio.

At  31  December  2022,  total  equity  amounted  to  HK$46,276,746,000  (2021:  HK$47,399,123,000),  and consolidated net debt, which represents cash less bank and other debts, of the Group was HK$16,744,832,000 (2021: HK$17,989,993,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 Financial risk and capital management (Continued)

## (c) Credit exposure

The Group's holdings of cash and cash equivalents, cross currency interest rate swaps contracts and interest rate  swaps  contracts  with fi nancial  institutions  expose  the  Group  to  counterparty  credit  risk.  The  Group controls its credit risk to non-performance by its counterparties through regular review and monitoring of their credit ratings.

The receivables from customers and other counterparties also expose the Group to credit risk. The Group controls its credit risk by assessing the credit quality of the customer, taking into account its fi nancial position, past  experience  and  other  factors.  Individual  risk  limits  are  set  based  on  internal  or  external  ratings  in accordance with limits set by the management. The utilisation of credit limits is regularly monitored.

The ECL on trade receivables is calculated using a provision matrix where a provision rate applies based on its  historical  observed default rates, as adjusted by forward-looking information. On that basis, no material additional ECL was recognised as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## (d) Interest rate exposure

The Group's main interest risk exposures relate to cash and cash equivalents, loans from non-controlling interests, bank and other debts. The Group manages its interest rate exposure with a focus on reducing the Group's overall cost of debt and exposure to changes in interest rates.

The impact of a hypothetical 5 basis points increase in market interest rate at the end of the reporting period would increase the Group's pro fi t and unitholders' equity by HK$1,244,000 (2021: HK$6,776,000).

The Group has entered into cross currency interest rate swap contracts and interest rate swap contracts to achieve an appropriate mix of fi xed and fl oating rate exposure consistent with the Group's policy.

The e ff ects of the interest rate swap contracts and cross currency interest rate swap contracts on the Group's fi nancial position and performance are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount (assets/(liabilities))  312,187  (30,087)  Notional amount (Note)  7,800,000  7,800,000  Maturity date  March 2023 to  March 2025  March 2023 to  March 2025  Hedge ratio  1:1  1:1  Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January  135,819  5,348  Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge e  ff  ectiveness  (135,819)  (5,348)  Pay average interest rate  2.15%  2.15%  Receive average interest rate  2.46%  0.84%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The  contractual  notional  amount  of  interest  rate  swaps  held  for  hedging  which  is  based  on  LIBOR  is HK$7,800,000,000 (2021: HK$7,800,000,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 Financial risk and capital management (Continued)

## (e) Foreign currency exposure

The Group has entered into cross currency interest rate swap contracts to hedge its foreign currency exposure in  respect  of  bank  borrowings  denominated  in  United  States  dollars  with  principal  amount  equivalent  to HK$3,900 million (2021: HK$7,800 million) to HK dollar borrowings.

The  effects  of  the  cross  currency  interest  rate  swap  contracts  on  the  Group's  financial  position  and performance are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount (liabilities)  (12,847)  (113,644)  Notional amount  3,900,000  7,800,000  Maturity date  March 2023  September 2022  to March 2023  Hedge ratio  1:1  1:1  Change in fair value of outstanding hedging instruments since 1 January  842  5,494  Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge e  ff  ectiveness  (842)  (5,494)  Average exchange rate  HK$7.84/US$1  HK$7.83/US$1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For overseas subsidiaries, associated companies and joint ventures, which consist of non-Hong Kong dollar assets, the Group generally monitors the development of the Group's cash fl ows and debt market and, when appropriate, would expect to re fi nance these businesses with local currency borrowings.

Currency risk as de fi ned by HKFRS 7 arises on fi nancial instruments denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency and being of a monetary nature except for the currency risk between United States dollar and Hong Kong dollar given the two currencies are under the linked exchange rate system. Di ff erences resulting from the translation of fi nancial statements of overseas subsidiaries into the Group's presentation currency are therefore not taken into consideration for the purpose of the sensitivity analysis for currency risk.

The impact of a hypothetical 5% weakening of the HK dollar against all exchange rates at the end of the reporting period, with all other variables held constant, on the Group's pro fi t for the year is set out as below.

| Hypothetical increase/  (decrease) in pro  fi  t  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Renminbi  36,340  64,134  Singapore dollar  (184)  (212)  Others  17  5  36,173  63,927   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 Financial risk and capital management (Continued)

## (f) Liquidity exposure

The following tables detail  the  remaining  contractual  maturities  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  of  the Group's and the Trust's fi nancial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted principal cash fl ows and the earliest date on which the Group and the Trust can be required to pay:

| Group  Contractual maturities  Carrying  amounts  Total  undiscounted  cash  fl  ows  Within  1 year  Within  2 to 5  years  After  5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Trade and other payables  6,014,844  5,978,785  5,978,785  -  -  Bank and other debts  27,039,571  27,140,000  5,070,000  22,070,000  -  Other non-current liabilities  16,674  16,163  -  16,163  -  33,071,089  33,134,948  11,048,785  22,086,163  -  2021  Trade and other payables  6,713,045  6,724,228  6,724,228  -  -  Bank and other debts  28,920,307  29,038,000  7,198,000  21,840,000  -  Other non-current liabilities  121,513  144,346  91,394  52,952  -  35,754,865  35,906,574  14,013,622  21,892,952  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table for the Group above excludes interest accruing and payable on certain of these liabilities which is estimated to be HK$696,067,000 (2021: HK$538,741,000) in 'within 1 year' maturity band, HK$1,494,649,000 (2021: HK$819,601,000) in 'within 2 to 5 years' maturity band, and after assuming the e ff ect of interest rates with  respect  to  variable  rate fi nancial  liabilities  remaining  constant  and  no  change  in  aggregate  principal amount of fi nancial liabilities other than repayment at scheduled maturity as re fl ected in the table.

| Trust  Contractual maturities  Carrying  amounts  Total  undiscounted  cash  fl  ows  Within  1 year  Within  2 to 5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  2022  Trade and other payables  41,153  41,153  41,153  -  2021  Trade and other payables  23,353  23,353  23,353  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 Financial risk and capital management (Continued)

## (g) Financial instruments by category

The following table shows the classi fi cation category and carrying amount as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 under HKFRS 9 for the Group's fi nancial assets and fi nancial liabilities:

| 2022  2021  Note  Classi  fi  cation  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Listed equity security  17  FVOCI  29,701  39,151  River Ports Economic Bene  fi  ts  17  FVOCI  280,109  283,000  Interest rate swaps  17  Fair value-hedges  325,034  85,567  Cross currency interest rate swaps  20  Fair value-hedges  -  2,010  Cash and cash equivalents  19  Amortised cost  10,395,168  11,048,007  Trade and other receivables  20  Amortised cost  3,065,567  3,860,157  14,095,579  15,317,892  Financial liabilities  Bank and other debts  22  Amortised cost  27,039,571  28,920,307  Trade and other payables  21  Amortised cost  5,989,606  6,700,945  Lease liabilities  21,24  Amortised cost  29,065  17,959  Cross currency interest rate swaps  24  Fair value-hedges  12,847  115,654  33,071,089  35,754,865  Representing :  Financial assets measured at  FVOCI  309,810  322,151  Amortised cost  13,460,735  14,908,164  Fair value-hedges  325,034  87,577  Financial liabilities measured at  Amortised cost  33,058,242  35,639,211  Fair value-hedges  12,847  115,654   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 Financial risk and capital management (Continued)

## (h) Fair value estimation

The table below analyses recurring fair value measurements for fi nancial assets/(liabilities). These fair value measurements are categorised into di ff erent levels in the fair value hierarchy based on the inputs to valuation techniques used. The di ff erent levels are de fi ned as follows:

- Level 1:  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- Level 2:  Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
- Level 3:  Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (i.e. unobservable inputs).

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Note  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2022  Listed equity security  17  29,701  -  -  29,701  River Ports Economic Bene  fi  ts  17  -  -  280,109  280,109  Cash  fl  ow hedges  Interest rate swaps  17  -  325,034  -  325,034  Cross currency interest rate swaps  24  -  (12,847)  -  (12,847)  29,701  312,187  280,109  621,997  At 31 December 2021  Listed equity security  17  39,151  -  -  39,151  River Ports Economic Bene  fi  ts  17  -  -  283,000  283,000  Cash  fl  ow hedges  Interest rate swaps  17  -  85,567  -  85,567  Cross currency interest rate swaps  20  -  2,010  -  2,010  Cross currency interest rate swaps  24  -  (115,654)  -  (115,654)  39,151  (28,077)  283,000  294,074   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps included in level 2 category above are estimated using the present value of the estimated future cash fl ows based on observable yield curves. The fair value of fi nancial instruments that are not traded in active market (level 3) is determined by discounted cash fl ow analysis with reference to inputs such as dividend stream.

Changing unobservable inputs used in Level 3 valuation to reasonable alternative assumptions would not have signi fi cant impact on the Group's pro fi t or loss.

During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers between the Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 fair value measurements.

At 31 December 2022, the fair value of bank and other debts (Note 22) was HK$26,084.8 million (31 December 2021: HK$29,059.4 million). b The  carrying  amounts of the remaining fi nancial assets and fi nancial liabilities approximate their fair values.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31 List of subsidiary companies of the Group

- (a) Details of principal subsidiary companies of the Group at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  Principal activities  Particulars of  issued share  capital/registered  capital  E  ff  ective  interest held  2022  2021  HPHT Limited (1)  Hong Kong  Investment holding  HK$10,000,000  100%  100%  Giant  fi  eld Resources  Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  2 ordinary shares of  US$1 each  100%  100%  HIT Investments  Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  200 ordinary 'A'  shares of US$1 each  800 non-voting  preferred 'B' shares  of US$1 each  100%  100%  Pearl Spirit Limited  (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  1 ordinary share of  US$1  100%  100%  Hongkong International  Terminals Limited (1)  Hong Kong  Development and  operation of container  terminals  HK$20  100%  100%  Yantian International  Container Terminals  Limited (1)  China  Development and  operation of container  terminals  HK$2,400,000,000  56.41%  56.41%  Yantian International  Container Terminals  (Phase III) Limited  (1)  China  Development and  operation of container  terminals  HK$6,056,960,000  51.64%  51.64%  Shenzhen Pingyan  Multimodal Company  Limited (1)  China  Provision of various  transportation services  RMB150,000,000  51.64%  51.64%  Shenzhen Yantian West  Port Terminals  Limited (1)  China  Development and  operation of container  terminals  RMB2,343,300,000  51.64%  51.64%  Hutchison Ports Yantian  Limited (1)  Hong Kong  Investment holding  HK$10,000,000  79.45%  79.45%  Wattrus Limited (1)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  32 'A' shares of  US$1 each  593 'B' shares of  US$1 each  94.88%  94.88%  Sigma Enterprises  Limited (1)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  2,005 'A' shares of  US$1 each  8,424 'B' shares of  US$1 each  79.45%  79.45%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31 List of subsidiary companies of the Group (Continued)

- (a) Details  of  principal  subsidiary  companies  of  the  Group  at  31  December  2022  and  2021  are  as  follows: (Continued)

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  establishment  Principal activities  Particulars of  issued share  capital/registered  capital  E  ff  ective  interest held  2022  2021  Hutchison Ports  Yantian Investments  Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  200 ordinary shares  of US$1 each  100%  100%  Birrong Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  10,000 ordinary  shares of US$1 each  100%  100%  Hutchison Shenzhen  East Investments  Limited (2)  British Virgin Islands  Investment holding  1 ordinary share of  US$1  100%  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers network fi rms

(2) Not required to be audited under the laws of the country of incorporation

## Appointment of auditors

The Trust has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST in relation to its auditors.

## (b) Material non-controlling interests

Yantian  International  Container  Terminals  Limited,  Yantian  International  Container  Terminals  (Phase  III) Limited, Shenzhen Yantian West Port Terminals Limited, Wattrus Limited and Sigma Enterprises Limited are the subsidiary companies with non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.

Set out below is the summarised fi nancial information for these subsidiary companies:

Summarised statement of fi nancial position

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  58,547,303  60,681,858  Current assets  8,550,764  8,988,284  Total assets  67,098,067  69,670,142  Non-current liabilities  6,222,865  6,467,223  Current liabilities  3,613,665  4,366,386  Total liabilities  9,836,530  10,833,609   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31 List of subsidiary companies of the Group (Continued)

## (b) Material non-controlling interests (Continued)

Summarised income statement

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue and other income  8,679,362  9,249,513  Net pro  fi  t for the year  3,162,437  3,938,984   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarised statement of cash fl

ows

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests

The information above is the amount before inter-company eliminations.

## 32 Approval of the fi nancial statements

The fi nancial statements set out on pages 138 to 194 were approved by the Board of Directors of the TrusteeManager for issue on 7 February 2023.

2022

HK$'000

(153,336)

2,006,952

2021

HK$'000

3,008,205

1,208,836

## DISTRIBUTION OF UNITHOLDINGS

| SIZE OF UNITHOLDINGS  NO. OF  UNITHOLDERS  %  NO. OF UNITS  %  1 - 99  14  0.04  389  0.00  100 - 1,000  2,922  9.18  2,785,840  0.03  1,001 - 10,000  16,449  51.68  82,770,682  0.95  10,001 - 1,000,000  12,304  38.65  823,834,884  9.46  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  142  0.45  7,801,709,227  89.56  TOTAL  31,831  100.00  8,711,101,022  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL UNITHOLDERS

Based on Register of Substantial Unitholders as at 8 March 2023

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  Unitholders  No. of Units  %  No. of Units  %  1.  CK Hutchison Holdings Limited  (1)  -  -  2,619,246,222  30.07  2.  Hutchison Port Group Holdings Limited  2,406,227,022  27.62  -  -  3.  CK Hutchison Global Investments Limited  (2)  -  -  2,406,227,022  27.62  4.  PortCapital Limited  905,364,000  10.39  -  -  5.  PSA International Pte Ltd  (3)  315,764,400  3.62  905,364,000  10.39  6.  Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited  (4)  -  -  1,313,144,754  15.07   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) CK Hutchison Holdings Limited ('CKHH'), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, CK Hutchison Global Investments Limited ('CKHGI'),  is  deemed  to  have  the  interest  held  by  Hutchison  Port  Group  Holdings  Limited  ('HPGH')  in  HPH  Trust.  CKHH, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited ('Cheung Kong'), has a deemed interest in 2.45% of the units in HPH Trust held by Cheung Kong's subsidiaries.
- (2) CKHGI, being the immediate holding company of HPGH, is deemed to have the same interest in HPH Trust as HPGH.
- (3) PortCapital Limited ('PortCapital') is a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSA International Pte Ltd ('PSA').  PSA is deemed interested in the HPH Trust units held by PortCapital.
- (4) PSA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited ('Temasek'). Temasek is deemed interested in the HPH Trust units held by PortCapital and Temasek's various other subsidiaries and associated companies.

## STATISTICS OF UNITHOLDINGS

As at 8 March 2023

## STATISTICS OF UNITHOLDINGS

As at 8 March 2023

## TWENTY LARGEST UNITHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF UNITS  %  1  HUTCHISON PORT GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED  2,406,227,022  27.62  2  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  1,546,865,810  17.76  3  PORTCAPITAL LIMITED  905,364,000  10.39  4  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  749,201,810  8.60  5  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED  577,367,967  6.63  6  PSA INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD  330,814,600  3.80  7  HSBC (SINGAPORE) NOMINEES PTE LTD  239,162,467  2.75  8  DBSN SERVICES PTE. LTD.  215,283,485  2.47  9  BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE. LTD.  131,656,849  1.51  10  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  78,139,301  0.90  11  DB NOMINEES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  47,727,203  0.55  12  MORGAN STANLEY ASIA (SINGAPORE) SECURITIES PTE LTD  46,836,380  0.54  13  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  43,014,272  0.49  14  UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED  39,505,871  0.45  15  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  36,689,300  0.42  16  BPSS NOMINEES SINGAPORE (PTE.) LTD.  26,574,367  0.31  17  DBS VICKERS SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  16,475,140  0.19  18  ESTATE OF NG AH PEE @ NG TENG FONG, DECEASED  15,185,000  0.17  19  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED  13,399,148  0.15  20  NOMURA SINGAPORE LIMITED  13,048,262  0.15  TOTAL  7,478,538,254  85.85   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FREE FLOAT

Based on the information made available to the Trustee-Manager, as at 8 March 2023, approximately 54.83% were held in the hands of the public. Accordingly, HPH Trust complied with Rule 723 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST.

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

| Total volume  Highest Price  Lowest Price  ('000)  (US$)  (S$)  (US$)  (S$)  Unit performance in 2022  1,967,593  0.265  0.355  0.156  0.225   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that  the  Annual  General  Meeting of the unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (' HPH Trust ' and unitholders of HPH Trust, ' Unitholders ') will be held at Suntec Singapore International Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre, Nicoll 2 and 3 Meeting Rooms, Level 3, 1 Ra ffl es  Boulevard, Suntec City, Singapore 039593 on Tuesday, 25 April 2023 at 11:00 a.m. for the following purposes:

## ORDINARY BUSINESS:

1. To receive and adopt the Report of the Trustee-Manager, Statement by the Trustee-Manager and the audited fi nancial  statements  of  HPH  Trust  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  together  with  the  Independent Auditor's Report thereon. (Ordinary Resolution 1)
2. To re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Auditor of HPH Trust and to authorise the Directors of the Trustee-Manager to fi x its remuneration. (Ordinary Resolution 2)

## SPECIAL BUSINESS:

To  consider  and  if  thought fi t,  to  pass  the  following  resolution  as  an  Ordinary  Resolution,  with  or  without  any modi fi cations:

3. General mandate to issue units in HPH Trust (' Units ')

That pursuant to Clause 6.1.1 of the deed of trust dated 25 February 2011, the fi rst supplemental deed dated 28 April 2014 and the second supplemental deed dated 8 June 2020 (collectively, ' Trust Deed '), Section 36 of the Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore (' BTA '), and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities  Trading  Limited  (' SGX-ST '),  the  Trustee-Manager,  on  behalf  of  HPH  Trust,  be  authorised  and empowered to:

- (a) (i) issue Units, whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant o ff ers,  agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ')  that  might  or  would require  Units  to  be  issued,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  creation  and  issue  of  (as  well  as adjustments to) securities, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into Units,

at any time and upon such terms and conditions whether for cash or otherwise and for such purposes and to such persons as the Trustee-Manager may in its absolute discretion deem fi t; and

- (b) (notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Units pursuant to any Instrument made or granted by the Trustee-Manager while this Resolution was in force,

## provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of Units to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Units to be issued pursuant to the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed fi fty  per centum (50.0%) of the total number of issued Units (excluding treasury Units, if any) (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the aggregate number of Units to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing Unitholders shall not exceed twenty per centum (20.0%) of the total  number of issued Units (excluding treasury Units, if any) (as calculated in accordance with subparagraph (2) below);

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

- (2) (subject  to  such  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  SGX-ST)  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the aggregate number of Units that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of issued Units shall be based on the number of issued Units (excluding treasury Units, if any) at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
2. (a) new Units  arising  from  the  conversion  or  exercise  of  the  Instruments  which  are  issued  and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution; and
3. (b) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Units;
- (3) in  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Trustee-Manager  shall  comply  with  the provisions of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by SGX-ST), the Trust Deed and the BTA; and
- (4) unless revoked or varied by HPH Trust in a general meeting, such authority shall continue in force until (i) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Unitholders or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Unitholders is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier; or (ii)  in  the  case  of  Units  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  the  Instruments,  made  or  granted  pursuant  to  this Resolution, until the issuance of such Units in accordance with the terms of the Instruments.

(Ordinary Resolution 3)

By Order of the Board Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability) (as Trustee-Manager of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust) (Company Registration No.: 201100749W)

## WONG YOEN HAR

Company Secretary Singapore, 3 April 2023

## Explanatory Note:

## Ordinary Resolution 3

The Ordinary Resolution 3 in item 3 above, if passed, will empower the Trustee-Manager from the date of this Annual General Meeting until the date of the next Annual General Meeting, or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting is required by law to be held, or the date on which such authority is varied or revoked by HPH Trust in a general meeting of the Unitholders, whichever is the earliest, to issue Units, make or grant Instruments convertible into Units and to issue Units pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, 50.0% of the issued Units, of which up to 20.0% may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing Unitholders.

For determining the aggregate number of Units that may be issued, the percentage of issued Units will be calculated based on the issued Units at the time the Ordinary Resolution 3 in item 3 above is passed, after adjusting for any new Units arising from the conversion or exercise of the Instruments which are issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time the Ordinary Resolution 3 is passed, and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Units.

## Notes:

Printed copies of the Annual Report, Notice of Annual General Meeting, Proxy Form and Request Form will not be sent to Unitholders.

Unitholders who wish to receive a printed copy of the Annual Report will have to download the Request Form from the HPH Trust's website at https://www.hphtrust.com/agm.html.

Unitholders  are  able  to  participate  at  the  Meeting  in  person  in  the  following  manners  set  out  in  the paragraphs below:

## Submission of Instrument Appointing a Proxy to Vote

1. A Unitholder (who is not a relevant intermediary) entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting of HPH Trust (' Meeting '), is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote at the Meeting.
2. A Unitholder (who is a relevant intermediary) entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting may appoint more than two proxies to exercise all or any of its rights to attend and vote at the Meeting, provided that each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a di ff erent Unit or Units held by such Unitholder.
3. The accompany proxy form for the meeting may be accessed at HPH Trust's website at https://www.hphtrust.com/agm.html or on the SGX website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and is also made available with this Notice of Meeting.
4. Investors who hold their Units through relevant intermediaries (other than SRS investors) and who wish to exercise their votes by appointing a proxy should approach their respective relevant intermediaries as soon as possible in order for the necessary arrangements to be made for their votes to be submitted.
5. SRS investors who wish to appoint proxy should approach their respective SRS Approved Banks to submit their voting instructions by 5:00 p.m. on 13 April 2023 in order to allow su ffi cient time for their SRS Approved Banks to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the proxy to vote on their behalf by 11:00 a.m. on 23 April 2023. For the avoidance of doubt, for persons who hold Units through relevant intermediaries (including SRS investors), the proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ine ff ective for all intents and purposes.
5. Where a Unitholder (who is not a relevant intermediary) appoints two proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless he/she/it speci fi es  the  proportion of his/her/its unitholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy. A proxy need not be a Unitholder.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be submitted to Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited, the Trustee-Manager of HPH Trust, in the following manner:
8. (a) if  submitted by post, be lodged with the registered o ffi ce  of  the  Trustee-Manager at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07, Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632; or
9. (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted by email to HPHTAGM2023@boardroomlimited.com

in  either  case, by  11:00  a.m.  on  23  April  2023 (being  at  least  48  hours  before  the  time  for  holding  the Meeting).

A unitholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or by scanning and sending the scanned PDF copy of the signed proxy form by email to the email address provided above.

7. A depositor shall not be regarded as a Unitholder entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting unless his/her name appears on the Depository Register not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time of the Meeting.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

8. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, if submitted by post, must be under the hand of the appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by  a  corporation,  it  must  be  executed  either  under  its  common  seal  or  under  the  hand  of  an  o ffi cer  or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certi fi ed copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
9. Where the instrument appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies  is  submitted  by  email,  it  must  be  authorised  in  the following manner, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid:
3. (a) by way of a ffi xation of an electronic signature by the appointor or his/her duly authorised signatory or, as the case may be, an o ffi cer or duly authorised attorney of a corporation; or
4. (b) by way of the appointor or his/her duly authorised attorney or, as the case may be, an o ffi cer or duly authorised attorney of a corporation signing the instrument under hand and submitting a scanned PDF copy of the signed instrument by email.
10. The Trustee-Manager shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor speci fi ed in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies.

' relevant intermediary ' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore and apply with such modi fi cations and quali fi cations as may be necessary to the Units.

## Submission of questions prior to the Meeting

11. Unitholders may submit questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the Meeting and questions which are substantial and relevant will be addressed prior to or during the Meeting. All questions must be submitted via any of the following channels:
- a. by email to agm\_enquiry@hphtrust.com; or
- b. by post to Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd., 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07, Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632.

Unitholders are reminded to provide their full names, CDP securities account number (if any), email address and contact number when submitting their questions. Unitholders shall submit their questions related to the resolutions to be tabled at the Meeting by 11:00 a.m. on 11 April 2023.

12. HPH Trust  will  publish  the  responses  to  substantial  and  relevant  questions  received  on  or  before  11:00 a.m.  on  11  April  2023  via  SGXNet  and  HPH  Trust's  website  at  https://www.hphtrust.com/agm.html  on 21  April  2023.  Substantial  and  relevant  questions,  or  any  subsequent  clari fi cations  sought  or  follow-up questions received after 11:00 a.m. on 11 April 2023 may be addressed at the Meeting.
13. Only substantial and relevant questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the Meeting received prior to the Meeting (as may be determined by HPH Trust in its sole discretion) will be addressed. Where substantially similar questions are received, the Trustee-Manager will consolidate such questions and consequently, not all questions may be individually addressed.

## Access to all documents relating to the business of the Meeting

14. All  documents  and  information  relating  to  the  business  of  the  Meeting  (including  the  Annual  Report,  this Notice of Meeting and the instrument appointing a proxy) have been published on SGXNet and HPH Trust's website at https://www.hphtrust.com/agm.html.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

## Personal data privacy:

By  submitting  an  instrument  appointing  a  proxy(ies)  and/or  representative(s)  to  attend,  speak  and  vote  at  the Meeting  and/or  any  adjournment  thereof,  a  Unitholder  (i)  consents  to  the  collection,  use  and  disclosure  of  the Unitholder's personal data by HPH Trust (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by HPH Trust, the Trustee-Manager (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for HPH Trust (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the ' Purposes '), (ii) warrants that where the Unitholder discloses the personal data of the Unitholder's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to HPH Trust (or its agents), the Unitholder has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by HPH Trust, the Trustee-Manager (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/ or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the Unitholder will indemnify HPH Trust in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the Unitholder's breach of warranty.

## Important Notice from the Trustee-Manager pertaining to the COVID-19 situation

In view of the current COVID-19 situation, Unitholders should note that the manner of conduct of the Meeting may be subject to further changes at short notice. The Trustee-Manager may take any precautionary measures which may be required or recommended by the government agencies to minimise the risk of spread of COVID-19 for conducts of meetings. Unitholders are advised to check SGXNet and HPH Trust's website regularly for updates.

<!-- image -->

GLYPH&lt;c=9,font=/MBGCGK+Wingdings2&gt;

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

(A business trust constituted on 25 February 2011 under the laws of the Republic of Singapore) (Registration No.: 2011001)

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT PTE. LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore with limited liability) Co. Reg. No.: 201100749W (as trustee-manager of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust)

## PROXY FORM

(Please see notes overleaf before completing this Form)

I/We, holder of NRIC / Passport Number or Company Registration Number or UEN Number

of being a unitholder/unitholders of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (' HPH Trust '), hereby appoint

Name

Address and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address or failing the person, or either or both of whom failing, referred to the above, the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as my/our proxy/proxies to attend and to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of  the  unitholders of HPH Trust (' Meeting ')  to  be  held  at  Suntec  Singapore International Convention &amp; Exhibition Centre, Nicoll 2 and 3 Meeting Rooms, Level 3, 1 Ra ffl es  Boulevard, Suntec City, Singapore 039593 on Tuesday, 25 April 2023 at 11:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. I/We direct my/our proxy/proxies to vote for or against or abstain from voting on the Resolutions proposed at the Meeting as indicated hereunder. If no speci fi c direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the Meeting and at any adjournment thereof, the proxy/ proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion.

| No.  Resolutions relating to:  No. of Votes  For**  No. of Votes  Against**  No. of Votes  Abstain**  1  Adoption of the Report of the Trustee-Manager, Statement by  the Trustee-Manager and the audited  fi  nancial  statements of  HPH Trust for the year ended 31 December 2022 together with  the Auditor's Report thereon*  2  Re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Auditor  of HPH Trust*  3  Grant of a general mandate to Directors to issue additional new  units in HPH Trust*   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Please refer to the Notice of Annual General Meeting of HPH Trust dated 3 April 2023 for the full text of the resolution.

** If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' or 'Abstain', please tick ( √ ) within the box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes as appropriate. If you mark the 'Abstain' box for a particular resolution, you are directing your proxy/proxies not to vote on that resolution.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature(s) of unitholder(s)/Common Seal of corporate unitholder

NRIC/Passport No.

NRIC/Passport No.

Proportion of Unitholdings

No. of Units

%

Proportion of Unitholdings

No. of Units

%

Total number of Units in:

(a)  CDP Register

(b)  Register of Unitholders

No. of Units

## IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE NOTES TO THE PROXY FORM BELOW

## Notes to Proxy Form:

1. Please insert the total number of units in Hutchison Port Holdings Trust (' HPH Trust ',  and units in HPH Trust, ' Units ') held by you. If you have Units entered against your name in the Depository Register (as de fi ned in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), you should insert that number of Units. If you have Units registered in your name in the Register of Unitholders of HPH Trust, you should insert that number of Units. If you have Units entered against your name in the said Depository Register and Units registered in your name in the Register of Unitholders, you should insert the aggregate number of Units entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Unitholders. If no number is inserted, the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to relate to all the Units held by you.
2. The Meeting is being convened and will be held physically. Please refer to the Notice of the Meeting dated 3 April 2023 for details on submission of questions in advance of the Meeting, addressing of substantial and relevant questions prior to and/or at the Meeting. The Notice of the Meeting can be accessed at HPH Trust's website at https://www.hphtrust.com/agm.html, and on the SGX website at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
3. A unitholder of HPH Trust (who is not a relevant intermediary as de fi ned in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore) entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of HPH Trust is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a unitholder of HPH Trust.
4. Where a unitholder of HPH Trust (who is not a relevant intermediary as de fi ned in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore) appoints two proxies, he/she must specify the proportion of his/her unitholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy. Where a unitholder appoints two proxies and does not specify the proportion of his/her unitholding to be represented by each proxy, then the Units held by the unitholder are deemed to be equally divided between the proxies.
5. Completion and return of this instrument appointing a proxy shall not preclude a unitholder from attending and voting at the Meeting. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to be revoked if a unitholder attends the Meeting in  person,  and  in  such  event,  Hutchison  Port  Holdings  Management  Pte.  Limited,  the  trustee-manager  of  HPH  Trust (' Trustee-Manager '),  reserves  the  right  to  refuse  to  admit  any  person  or  persons appointed under the instrument of proxy to the Meeting.
6. The  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies  must  be  submitted  either  by  post  and  deposited  at  the  registered o ffi ce  of  the  Trustee-Manager at 1 Harbourfront Avenue, #14-07 Keppel Bay Tower, Singapore 098632 or by email to HPHTAGM2023@boardroomlimited.com not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting.
7. Investors who hold their Units through relevant intermediaries as de fi ned in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (other than SRS investors) and who wish to exercise their votes by appointing proxy should approach their respective relevant intermediaries as soon as possible in order for the necessary arrangements to be made for their votes to be submitted. SRS investors who wish to appoint proxy should approach their respective SRS Approved Banks to submit their voting instructions by 5:00 p.m. on 13 April 2023 in order to allow su ffi cient time for their respective SRS Approved Banks to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the proxy to vote on their behalf by 11:00 a.m. on 23 April 2023. For the avoidance of doubt, for persons who hold Units through relevant intermediaries (including SRS investors), the proxy form is not valid for use and shall be ine ff ective for all intents and purposes.
8. A Unitholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must complete and sign the proxy form , before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending the scanned PDF copy of the signed proxy form by email to the email address provided above.
9. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, if submitted by post, must be under the hand of the appointor or of his/her  attorney  duly  authorised  in  writing.  Where  the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies  is  executed  by  a corporation, it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand of an o ffi cer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of  attorney or a duly certi fi ed copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
10. Where the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies  is  submitted  by  email,  it  must  be  authorised  in  the  following manner, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid:
11. (a) by way of a ffi xation of an electronic signature by the appointor or his/her duly authorised signatory or, as the case may be, an o ffi cer or duly authorised attorney of a corporation; or
12. (b) by way of the appointor or his/her duly authorised attorney or, as the case may be, an o ffi cer or duly authorised attorney of a corporation signing the instrument under hand and submitting a scanned PDF copy of the signed instrument by email.
11. A corporation which is a unitholder may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fi t  to  act  as  its  representative at the Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore. The resolution should be sent to the Trustee-Manager by post or by email.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s), the unitholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 3 April 2023.

## General:

The Trustee-Manager shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible, or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor speci fi ed in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the case of Units entered in the Depository Register, the Trustee-Manager may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if the unitholder, being the appointor, is not shown to have Units entered against his name in the Depository Register as at forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting, as certi fi ed by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Trustee-Manager.

## GLOSSARY

| A  AC or Audit Committee  Audit Committee of the Trustee-Manager  ACRA Code  Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and  Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities  ACT  Asia Container Terminals  AFAB  Anti-fraud and anti-bribery  AFLAS  Asian Freight, Logistics and Supply Chain  AGM  Annual General Meeting  AI  Arti  fi  cial Intelligence  APS  Asia Port Services Limited  B  Board  Board of Directors  BTA  Business Trusts Act 2004 of Singapore  BTR  Business Trusts Regulations  C  Capital Contribution  Pursuant to an investment agreement entered between HPH Trust and a wholly-  owned subsidiary, HPHT Limited, dated 4 August 2011, HPH Trust made capital  contributions of HK$67,280,000,000 to HPHT Limited  Cenovus Energy  Cenovus Energy Inc.  CEO  Chief Executive O  ffi  cer of the Trustee-Manager  CFO  Chief Financial O  ffi  cer of the Trustee-Manager  CGI  The Chartered Governance Institute  CGU  Cash-generating units  CKHH  CK Hutchison Holdings Limited  CKI  CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited  Code  The Code of Corporate Governance 2018  COP 27  27th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on  Climate Change  COSCO-HIT  COSCO-HIT Terminals  COSCO SHIPPING Ports  COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited  COSO  Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission  CPD  Continuous professional development  D  DCR  Damage container reports  DPU  Distribution per unit   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY

| E  eBCN  Electronic Booking Con  fi  rmation Notice  ECL  Expected credit loss  ERM  Enterprise Risk Management  eRO  Electronic   Release Order  ESG  Environmental, Social and Governance  F  FSB  Financial Stability Board  FVOCI  Fair value through other comprehensive income  G  GBA  Greater  Bay  Area  (comprises  the  two  Special  Administrative  Regions  of  Hong  Kong and Macau, and the nine municipalities of Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhuhai,  Foshan, Huizhou, Dongguan, Zhongshan, Jiangmen and Zhaoqing in Guangdong  Province)  Group  HPH Trust group of companies / HPH Trust and its subsidiaries  GHG  Greenhouse gas  GRI  Global Reporting Initiative  H  HIBOR  Hong Kong Interbank O  ff  ered Rate  HICT  Huizhou International Container Terminals  HIT  Hongkong International Terminals  HKAS  Hong Kong Accounting Standards  HKCGI  The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute  HKEx  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  HKFRS  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards  HKICPA  The Hong Kong Institute of Certi  fi  ed Public Accountants  HKSAR  Hong Kong Special Administrative Region  HKSPA  Hong Kong Seaport Alliance  HPH  Hutchison Port Holdings Limited  HPH Trust  Hutchison Port Holdings Trust  hRTGC(s)  Hybrid Rubber-Tyred Gantry Crane(s)  Hutchison Logistics  HPH E.Commerce Limited  HUTCHMED  HUTCHMED (China) Limited   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY

| I  ICAC  Independent Commission Against Corruption of HKSAR  IEC  International Electrotechnical Commission  IFRS  International Financial Reporting Standards  ISAs  International Standards on Auditing  ISO  International Organization for Standardization  IT  Information technology  J  Jiangmen Terminal  Jiangmen International Container Terminals  K  Kwai Tsing Terminals  HIT, COSCO-HIT and ACT  L  LNG  Lique  fi  ed natural gas  LPG  Lique  fi  ed petroleum gas  M  Management  The management of HPH Trust  MPFSA  Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority  N  Nanhai Terminal  Nanhai International Container Terminals  NC  Nominating Committee of the Trustee-Manager  NPAT  Net pro  fi  t after tax  O  OHSMS  Occupational Health and Safety Management System  ORSO  Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance  P  PV  Solar Photovoltaic  PwC  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Q  QC-VMT  Quay Crane Vehicle Mounted Terminal  QCO  Quay Crane Operators  QC(s)  Quay crane(s)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY

| R  RAT  Rapid Antigen Test  RC  Remuneration Committee of the Trustee-Manager  River Ports  Jiangmen Terminal and Nanhai Terminal  RMGC(s)  Rail-mounted gantry crane(s)  ROFR Agreement  Right of  fi  rst refusal agreement  RTGC(s)  Rubber-tyred gantry crane(s)  S  SC  Sustainability Committee of the Trustee-Manager  SDGs  Sustainable   Development   Goals  SGX  Singapore Exchange  SGX-ST  Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited  SGX-ST Listing Manual  The Listing Manual of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited  SHICD  Shenzhen Hutchison Inland Container Depots Co., Limited  SZCBEA  Shenzhen Cross-Border E-Commerce Association  T  TCFD  Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures  TEU(s)  Twenty-foot equivalent unit(s)  TOM  TOM Group Limited  Trust  Hutchison Port Holdings Trust  Trust Deed  The deed of trust dated 25 February 2011 and as amended and supplemented  by the  fi  rst supplemental deed dated 28 April 2014 and the second supplemental  deed dated 8 June 2020  Trustee-Manager  Hutchison Port Holdings Management Pte. Limited  Y  Yantian  Yantian district in Shenzhen  YANTIAN  Yantian International Container Terminals   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## HUTCHISON PORT HOLDINGS TRUST

150 Beach Road #17-03 Gateway West Singapore 189720 Tel: (65) 6294 8028 Email: ir@hphtrust.com www.hphtrust.com