## IBI Group Holdings Limited

（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司） (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

(Stock Code 股份代號：

1547)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

年報 Annual Report

2021/2022

## CONTENTS 目錄

Financial Highlights

3 財務摘要

Corporate Information

6 公司資料

Chairman's Statement

10 主席報告

Management Discussion and Analysis

16 管理層討論及分析

Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management

25 董事及高級管理層簡歷

Directors' Report

33 董事會報告

Corporate Governance Report

49 企業管治報告

Environmental, Social and Governance Report 67

環境、社會及管治報告

Independent Auditor's Report

101 獨立核數師報告

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 107

綜合損益及其他全面收益表

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

108 綜合財務狀況表

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

109

綜合權益變動表

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

110 綜合現金流量表

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 111

綜合財務報表附註

Financial Summary

193

財務概要

Definitions

194 釋義

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 財務摘要

| Year ended  31 March  截至三月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  Increase/  二零二二年  二零二一年  (decrease)  HK$ million  HK$ million  增加╱ （減少）  百萬港元  百萬港元  Results  (Audited)  (Audited)  業績  （經審核）  （經審核）  Revenue and other gains/(losses)  收益及其他收益╱ （虧損）  405.9  556.7  (27.1)%  Gross profit  毛利  68.0  79.4  (14.5)%  Profit before income tax expense  除所得稅開支前溢利  33.7  55.8  (39.6)%  Profit attributable to the owners of  the Company for the year  本公司擁有人應佔年內溢利  27.0  54.4  (50.3)%  Basic and diluted earnings per share  (HK cents)  每股基本及攤薄盈利  （港仙）  3.4  6.8  (50.3)%  As at  31 March  2022  As at  31 March  2021  Increase/  (decrease)  於二零二二年  三月三十一日  於二零二一年  三月三十一日  增加╱ （減少）  HK$ million  HK$ million  百萬港元  百萬港元  Financial Position  (Audited)  (Audited)  財務狀況  （經審核）  （經審核）  Total assets  資產總值  317.7  396.2  (19.8)%  Total bank borrowings  銀行借款總額  -  -  0%  Shareholders' equity  股東權益  168.5  181.5  (7.2)%  Current ratio and quick ratio (times)  流動比率及速動比率 （倍）  2.0  1.5  33.3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION 公司資料

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Neil David Howard (chairman and chief executive officer) Mr. Steven Paul Smithers

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. Robert Peter Andrews Mr. David John Kennedy Mr. Martin Woods

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yun Wah Man ACG, ACS, MCG

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. David John Kennedy (chairman) Mr. Robert Peter Andrews Mr. Martin Woods

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Neil David Howard (chairman) Mr. Steven Paul Smithers Mr. David John Kennedy Mr. Robert Peter Andrews Mr. Martin Woods

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Robert Peter Andrews (chairman) Mr. David John Kennedy Mr. Martin Woods Mr. Neil David Howard Mr. Steven Paul Smithers

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Neil David Howard Mr. Steven Paul Smithers

## AUDITORS

BDO Limited

## 董事會

## 執行董事

Neil David Howard 先生 （主席兼行政總裁） Steven Paul Smithers 先生

## 獨立非執行董事

Robert Peter Andrews 先生 David John Kennedy 先生 Martin Woods 先生

## 公司秘書

文潤華先生 ACG, ACS, MCG

## 審核委員會

David John Kennedy 先生 （主席） Robert Peter Andrews 先生 Martin Woods 先生

## 提名委員會

Neil David Howard 先生 （主席） Steven Paul Smithers 先生 David John Kennedy 先生 Robert Peter Andrews 先生 Martin Woods 先生

## 薪酬委員會

Robert Peter Andrews 先生 （主席） David John Kennedy 先生 Martin Woods 先生 Neil David Howard 先生 Steven Paul Smithers 先生

## 授權代表

Neil David Howard 先生 Steven Paul Smithers 先生

## 核數師

香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司

## CORPORATE INFORMATION 公司資料

## REGISTERED OFFICE

One Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9005 Cayman Islands

## HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

3/F, Bangkok Bank Building 18 Bonham Strand West Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

Shanghai Commercial Bank Limited Shanghai Commercial Bank Tower 12 Queen's Road Central Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited One Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9005 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor Investor Services Limited Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong (as from 15 August 2022, 17/F., Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Admiralty, Hong Kong)

## PLACE OF LISTING

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

## STOCK CODE

1547

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.ibighl.com

## 註冊辦事處

One Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9005 Cayman Islands

## 總部及香港主要營業地點

香港 文咸西街 18 號 盤谷銀行大廈 3 樓

## 主要往來銀行

上海商業銀行有限公司 香港 皇后大道中 12 號 上海商業銀行大廈

## 股份過戶登記總處

Intertrust Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited One Nexus Way Camana Bay Grand Cayman KY1-9005 Cayman Islands

## 香港股份過戶登記分處

卓佳證券登記有限公司 香港 皇后大道東 183 號 合和中心 54 樓 （自二零二二年八月十五日起為香港 金鐘夏愨道 16 號遠東金融中心 17 樓）

## 上市地

香港聯合交易所有限公司

## 股份代號

1547

## 公司網站

www.ibighl.com

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT 主席報告

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present the audited financial results of IBI Group Holdings Limited together with its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## GROUP PROFILE

IBI Group Holdings Limited is a publicly listed holding company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The Group focuses on investments in the built environment.

The Group's subsidiaries include a building contractor, a building solutions provider and a strategic investment division.

## Contracting

Through its subsidiaries IBI Limited, IBI Projects and IBI Macau, the Group provides world class interior fitting out and building refurbishment services in Hong Kong and Macau.

Whilst acting predominantly as a main contractor, the Group secures and completes projects for clients across many industry sectors, including but not limited to banking, legal, hospitality, a racing and betting operator and property development.

The Group's competitive strengths have contributed to its success in contracting and distinguished it from our competitors. We believe our competitive strengths lie in three key specific areas of the business, namely,

1. an established reputation and proven track record;
2. implementation, management and execution expertise; and
3. commitment to the management of risk, cash flow and financial security.

## Building Solutions

Building Solutions Limited (' BSL '), is a product and service supplier with  a  focus  on  air  quality,  energy  efficiency  and  modern sustainable building materials.

BSL provides products and services that enhance the performance and well-being of the built environment in order to provide modern, healthy and high performing spaces for the occupants.

Under BSL, the Group aims to tap into the very latest technology available worldwide and to deliver it to the Asia region.

## 各位股東：

本人欣然代表董事會提呈 IBI Group Holdings Limited 連 同其附屬公司截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的經 審核財務業績。

## 本集團簡介

IBI Group Holdings Limited 為聯交所主板的公眾上市控 股公司。本集團專注於建築環境方面的投資。

本集團的附屬公司包括建築承建商、建築解決方案提供 商及策略投資分部。

## 承建

本集團透過其附屬公司 IBI Limited 、 IBI Projects 及 IBI Macau ，在香港及澳門提供世界級的室內裝修及樓宇翻 新服務。

於主要擔任總承建商的同時，本集團為包括但不限於銀 行、法律、酒店、一家賽馬及博彩營運商及房地產開發 在內的多個行業領域的客戶承包及完成多個項目。

本集團的競爭優勢推動其在承建方面取得成功，並使其 從競爭對手中脫穎而出。我們相信本身的競爭優勢側重 三個主要特定業務方面：

1. 良好聲譽及彪炳往績；
2. 實施、管理及執行專業知識；及
3. 致力於管理風險、現金流量及財務保障。

## Building Solutions

Building Solutions Limited （ 「 BSL 」 ） 是一家專注於空氣質 量、能效及現代可持續性建築材料的產品及服務供應商。

BSL 提供可提升建築環境的表現及福祉的產品及服務， 以為用者提供現代、健康及高性能的空間。

藉助 BSL ，本集團旨在利用全球可用的最新技術並將其 提供給亞洲地區。

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT 主席報告

## Strategic Investments

The strategic investments division of the Group was established to make efficient use of its available capital, to expand the Group's reach both geographically and, to enter new market sectors.

With a continuing focus on the 'Built Environment', the Group is looking in detail at a wide range of investment opportunities from property development to new start-ups in the field of building technology and management.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recorded profit attributable  to  the  owners  of  the  Company  after  tax  of approximately HK$27.0 million (2021: HK$54.4 million) from revenue and other (losses)/gains totalling approximately HK$405.9 million (2021: HK$556.7 million).

## 1. Contracting

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group completed 11 projects and was awarded 14 projects, all of them were fitting-out projects. The Group recorded segment profit from contracting of approximately HK$40.2 million.

The Hong Kong component of the Group remained busy during this financial period despite the continuing shadow cast by the Covid-19 pandemic.

In  general  whilst  there  has  been  a  healthy  number  of tendering opportunities available to the Group, the size of these projects have generally been smaller than normal and the increased competitiveness of each tender has ultimately impacted entry margin levels.

The Group did not have to make any reduction in its workforce during the period however we are experiencing an imbalance in the supply of construction professionals due to the impact from people leaving the industry for migration or other reasons and the lack of inflow of new people, primarily due to the tough quarantine policies in place. As Hong Kong returns  to  normality  in  2022,  we  are  hopeful  that  this imbalance will slowly ease.

## 策略投資

本集團成立策略投資分部是為了有效利用其可用資金， 擴大本集團的地域覆蓋範圍並進入新的市場領域。

本集團繼續專注於「建築環境」 ，正在詳細研究廣泛的 投資機會，涵蓋從房地產開發到建築技術及管理領域的 新初創企業的投資機會。

## 業務回顧

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團錄得源自 收益及其他 （虧損） ╱收益合共約 405.9 百萬港元 （二零 二一年： 556.7 百萬港元） 的本公司擁有人應佔稅後溢利 約 27.0 百萬港元 （二零二一年： 54.4 百萬港元） 。

## 1. 承建

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團完 成 11 個項目並獲授 14 個項目，所有項目均為裝修 項目。本集團錄得來自承建的分部溢利約 40.2 百 萬港元。

儘管 Covid-19 疫情持續帶來影響，但在本財政期 間，本集團的香港分部依舊如火如荼。

總體而言，雖然本集團擁有大量投標機會，但該 等項目的規模普遍低於正常規模，且各項投標的 競爭力增強已最終影響入場毛利水平。

本集團於本期間無需裁員。然而，由於受建築專 業人士因移民或其他原因而離開建築業以及實施 嚴苛隔離政策導致缺乏新人流入產生的影響，我 們正面臨建築專業人士供應失衡的壓力。隨著香 港於二零二二年回歸正常，我們期望該失衡將逐 步緩解。

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT 主席報告

Due to its heavy reliance on tourism and gaming, the Macau market continues to be impacted negatively by the Covid-19 pandemic. Macau continues to maintain very strict quarantine rules  which not only eliminate tourism from outside of mainland China but also prevent any unrestricted travel between Macau and Hong Kong.

As there is currently no indication of any change in Macau's approach to Hong Kong and on the basis that there is minimal construction work on-going in the territory, the Group has reduced its operations to a minimum. We will continue to review the options in Macau and will act swiftly to reignite our business as soon as circumstances change.

## 2. Building Solutions

For the year ended 31 March 2022, BSL has registered a segment loss of approximately HK$2.7 million.

BSL was established in April 2020 and the team has been working diligently to develop the business and to secure orders.

The second year of BSL's operations have shown significant penetration into the market place which is leading to improved sales figures. In addition to the product ranges previously secured, BSL have now secured distribution rights to a cutting edge lighting product that not only reduces energy consumption, but also can be retrofitted using existing light fittings. This product range has been very well received and this will be reflected in the sales figures for the coming financial year.

BSL is now well placed to benefit from the current trends of wellness and energy consumption reduction and we look forward to reporting significantly improved financials as this subsidiary moves out of its infancy and into its development phase.

由於重度倚賴旅遊業及博彩業，澳門市場持續受 到 Covid-19 疫情的負面影響。澳門繼續維持十分 嚴格的隔離規定，不僅禁止來自中國內地以外的 遊客來澳旅遊，而且阻止澳門與香港之間的不受 限制出行。

由於目前並無跡象表明澳門對香港採取的措施有 任何改變，且基於該地區正在進行的建築工程極 少，本集團已將其業務縮減至最低程度。我們將 繼續檢討澳門的業務，且一旦情況發生變動，我 們會迅速採取行動，以重新啟動我們的業務。

## 2. Building Solutions

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度， BSL 錄得 分部虧損約 2.7 百萬港元。

BSL 成立於二零二零年四月，該團隊一直在努力 發展業務及獲得訂單。

BSL 營運的第二年表現對市場進行大幅滲透，導 致銷售數據的改善。除先前獲得的產品範圍外， BSL 現時亦獲得尖端照明產品的分銷權，該產品 不僅可降低能耗，而且可使用現有的燈具進行改 裝。該產品系列廣受好評，這將反映在下一個財 政年度的銷售數據中。

BSL 現時處於有利地位，可以從當前的保健及能 耗減少趨勢中獲益，且我們期望隨著該附屬公司 走出起步階段並進入發展階段，財務狀況將獲得 顯著改善。

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT 主席報告

## 3. Strategic Investments

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the strategic investments division of the Group has registered a segment loss of approximately HK$0.7 million.

The financial year was spent in part, divesting the Group of its earlier stock investments which had generated phenomenal returns in the previous reporting period. In addition, our efforts were targeted towards property related investment deals and these efforts have generated considerable early success.

During the latter part of the period, the Group secured development land in Hokkaido Japan located in close proximity to a future station of the planned Shinkansen high speed rail  line.  The  Group  is  now  working  with  local development specialist in order to establish the most efficient use of the land as well as the timing of the development.

Subsequent to the financial reporting period, the Group acquired Adelaide Chambers, a building located in the heart of Dublin, Ireland. Adelaide Chambers is a period building with approximately 20,000 square foot of commercial office space. The investment is a value-add proposition with improvements to be made in both building upgrades and lease improvements in order to increase the overall value of the asset.

Moving forward, the Group will continue to look at potential investment opportunities and we look forward to announcing further successes.

## MOVING FORWARD

Hong Kong has now lifted many of the restrictions put in place during the pandemic and life is very quickly returning to normal. Quarantine restrictions whilst greatly reduced, still remain in place and it will be important to see these reduced further in order for Hong Kong to regain its full international status. We are confident that this will happen soon.

As the pressure from the pandemic recedes, the world is faced with the challenge of high inflation. The Group will continue to assess the impact of high inflation on each of our business sectors and make sure that the businesses are well placed to battle this storm.

## 3. 策略投資

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團的 策略投資分部錄得分部虧損約 0.7 百萬港元。

本集團於本財政年度部分剝離其早期股票投資， 該等投資於上一個報告期間產生顯著回報。此外， 我們的努力針對與房地產相關的投資交易，且該 等努力已取得巨大的早期成功。

於本期間後期，本集團於日本北海道取得的建設 用地緊鄰規劃中的新幹線 （高速鐵路線） 的未來站 台。本集團現正與當地發展專家合作，以確定土 地的最有效利用以及發展時機。

於財務報告期後，本集團收購位於愛爾蘭都柏林 市 中 心 的 大 樓 Adelaide Chambers 。 Adelaide Chambers 是一座具有約 20,000 平方英呎商業辦 公空間的時代建築。該投資為一項增值收購事項， 並在大樓升級及租賃裝修方面進行改進，以增加 資產的整體價值。

展望未來，本集團將繼續尋求潛在投資機會，且 我們期望實現進一步的成功。

## 展望未來

香港現時已解除疫情期間實施的諸多限制，且生活正在 迅速回歸正常。隔離限制雖然大大減少，但仍然存在， 惟將會進一步減少，因為此對香港悉數重拾其國際地位 至關重要。我們相信這將很快發生。

隨著疫情壓力消退，全球面臨高通脹的挑戰。本集團將 繼續評估高通脹對我們各業務分部產生的影響，並確保 企業於應對這場風暴處於有利地位。

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT 主席報告

We are looking forward to an exciting year ahead and believe that the business environment will move from strength to strength. Allocation of capital continues to be the main focus of the Group and we are confident that capital allocated for investment will be fully vested within the 2023 financial year.

## APPRECIATION

Our colleagues, clients, advisors and business partners have endured a great deal over the past two years and we are grateful for their continuing support and guidance. We look forward to further collaboration in the future and to be part of Hong Kong's continued growth story.

On behalf of the Board

Neil David Howard Chairman

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

我們期待新的一年，並相信營商環境將不斷改善。資本 配置仍然是本集團的主要焦點，且我們相信分配予投資 的資本將於二零二三年財政年度悉數歸屬。

## 致謝

我們的同事、客戶、顧問及業務夥伴於過往兩年經歷良 多，我們感謝彼等持續的支持及指導。我們期望在未來 進一步合作，並成為香港持續增長的一部分。

代表董事會

主席

Neil David Howard

香港，二零二二年六月三十日

4

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin

## Contracting

The Group is a building contractor focusing on providing renovation services as a main contractor for property projects in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau. Our two main types of projects are (i) fitting-out projects; and (ii) A&amp;A projects.

## Revenue by geographical location of projects

## 財務回顧

## 收益、毛利及毛利率

## 承建

本集團為專注於提供翻新服務的建築承建商，擔任香港 及澳門私營機構物業項目的總承建商。我們的兩大類項 目為 (i) 裝修項目；及 (ii) A&amp;A 項目。

## 按項目地點劃分的收益

| Year ended 31 March  截至三月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  % of  revenue  HK$'000  % of  revenue  千港元  佔收益  百分比  千港元  佔收益  百分比  Hong Kong  香港  403,888  100.0%  510,709  100.0%  Macau  澳門  -  0.0%  249  0.0%  Total  總計  403,888  100.0%  510,958  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue by type of projects

## 按項目種類劃分的收益

| Year ended 31 March  截至三月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  % of  revenue  HK$'000  % of  revenue  千港元  佔收益  百分比  千港元  佔收益  百分比  Fitting-out projects  裝修項目  330,830  81.9%  486,324  95.2%  A&amp;A projects  A&amp;A  項目  73,058  18.1%  24,634  4.8%  Total  總計  403,888  100.0%  510,958  100.0%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Revenue, gross profit and gross profit margin (Continued)

## Contracting (Continued)

The Group's revenue from contracting for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$403.9 million, which represented a decrease of approximately HK$107.1 million or approximately 21.0% over the last financial year. The decrease in the Group's contracting revenue was mainly due to the impact of the Covid-19 outbreak, the revenue contribution from Hong Kong decreased by approximately HK$106.8 million or 20.9% over the last financial year. No revenue was recorded from Macau for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The  Group's  gross  profit  from  contracting  increased  by approximately HK$32.1 million or 91.0% from approximately HK$35.3 million  for  the  year  ended  31  March  2021  to approximately HK$67.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. Accordingly, the Group's gross profit margin from contracting for the year ended 31 March 2022 increased to approximately 16.7% from approximately 6.9% for the year ended 31 March 2021. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly attributable to the concluding of final account for a few large projects during the year.

## Building Solutions

Our business segment, BSL reported revenue of approximately HK$1.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2022 as compared to approximately HK$0.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2021, which represented an increase of approximately HK$1.4 million or 512.3%. Gross profit has also increased by approximately HK$0.6 million or 531.2% from approximately HK$0.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 to approximately HK$0.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. The gross profit margin from BSL for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately 40.7% as compared to approximately 39.6% for the year ended 31 March 2021. This new business segment commenced its operations during the year ended 31 March 2021 and began contributing towards the Group's revenue.

## Strategic Investments

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group received dividends from financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$1.9 million (2021: HK$1.9 million) and recognised net realised and unrealised losses on financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$1.6 million as compared to a net realised and unrealised gain of approximately HK$43.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The Group began to make investments in listed equity securities during the initial stage of the Covid-19 outbreak and had disposed most of them during the year. For details, please see section headed 'Significant investments held' in this report.

## 財務回顧 （續）

收益、毛利及毛利率 （續）

## 承建 （續）

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的承建收益 約為 403.9 百萬港元，較上一個財政年度減少約 107.1 百萬港元或約 21.0% 。本集團承建收益下降主要由於受 到 Covid-19 疫情的影響，來自香港的收益貢獻較上一個 財政年度減少約 106.8 百萬港元或 20.9% 。澳門於截至 二零二二年三月三十一日止年度並無錄得收益。

本集團的承建毛利由截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年 度約 35.3 百萬港元增加約 32.1 百萬港元或 91.0% 至截 至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度約 67.4 百萬港元。因 此，本集團的承建毛利率由截至二零二一年三月三十一 日止年度約 6.9% 增加至截至二零二二年三月三十一日 止年度約 16.7% 。毛利率增加主要由於年內完成數個大 項目的決算所致。

## Building Solutions

我們的業務分部 BSL 於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止 年度錄得收益約 1.7 百萬港元，而截至二零二一年三月 三十一日止年度約為 0.3 百萬港元，增幅約為 1.4 百萬港 元或 512.3% 。毛利亦由截至二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度的約 0.1 百萬港元增加約 0.6 百萬港元或 531.2% 至截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的約 0.7 百萬港 元。 BSL 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的毛利率 為約 40.7% ，而截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度為 約 39.6% 。該新業務分部於截至二零二一年三月三十一 日止年度開始運營並開始向本集團貢獻收益。

## 策略投資

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團自按公平 值計入損益的金融資產獲得股息約 1.9 百萬港元 （二零 二一年： 1.9 百萬港元） ，並確認按公平值計入損益的金 融資產的已變現及未變現虧損淨額約 1.6 百萬港元，而 截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度的已變現及未變現 收益淨額約為 43.6 百萬港元。本集團於 Covid-19 爆發 初期開始投資上市股本證券並於本年度出售大部分該等 投資。詳情請參閱本年報「所持重大投資」一節。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Administrative and other operating expenses

The Group's administrative and other operating expenses for the year ended 31 March 2022 were approximately HK$34.1 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$4.9 million or 16.8% from approximately HK$29.2 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The increase was mainly due to increase in staff costs.

## Income tax expense

The Group's operations are based in Hong Kong and Macau, and are subject to (i) Hong Kong profits tax calculated at 8.25% for the first HK$2 million and 16.5% on the remaining balance of estimated assessable profits during the reporting period; and (ii) Macau complementary tax calculated at 12.0% on the taxable profits over the relevant tax threshold during the reporting period. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recorded income tax expense of approximately HK$7.2 million (2021: HK$1.7 million) representing an effective tax rate of approximately 21.5% (2021: 3.1%). The increase in the Group's effective tax rate during the year ended 31 March 2022 was mainly due to the one-off non-taxable income recorded in the year ended 31 March 2021.

## Profit for the year

The Group's profit attributable to the owners of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$27.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately HK$27.4 million or 50.3% from approximately HK$54.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the one-off gain generated from our strategic investments segment in the year ended 31 March 2021.

## Bank borrowings

As at  31  March  2022  and  2021,  the  Group  had  no  bank borrowings. No financial instruments were used for hedging purposes, nor were there any foreign currency net investments hedged by current borrowings and/or other hedging instruments.

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 行政及其他經營開支

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的行政及其 他經營開支約為 34.1 百萬港元，較截至二零二一年三月 三十一日止年度約 29.2 百萬港元增加約 4.9 百萬港元或 16.8% 。該增加主要由於員工成本增加所致。

## 所得稅開支

本集團於香港及澳門經營業務，須繳納 (i) 按報告期間估 計應課稅溢利的 8.25% （就首 2 百萬港元而言） 及 16.5% （就餘額而言） 計算的香港利得稅；及 (ii) 按報告期間有關 稅收起徵點以上的應課稅溢利的 12.0% 計算的澳門所得 補充稅。截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團 錄得所得稅開支約 7.2 百萬港元 （二零二一年： 1.7 百萬 港元） ，即實際稅率約為 21.5% （二零二一年： 3.1% ） 。 於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團實際稅 率上調主要由於於截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度 錄得一次性非課稅收入。

## 年內溢利

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的本公司擁 有人應佔溢利約為 27.0 百萬港元，較截至二零二一年三 月三十一日止年度約 54.4 百萬港元減少約 27.4 百萬港 元或約 50.3% 。該減少主要原因為我們的策略投資分部 於截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度產生一次性收益。

## 銀行借款

於二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日，本集團並無 任何銀行借款。概無利用金融工具進行對沖，亦無任何 以即期借款及╱或其他對沖工具對沖的外幣淨投資。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Liquidity and financial resources

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  current  assets  of approximately HK$296.4 million (2021: HK$330.2 million) which comprised cash and cash equivalents of approximately HK$141.6 million (2021: HK$87.1 million), mainly denominated in Hong Kong dollars. As at 31 March 2022, the Group had non-current liabilities of approximately HK$1.8 million (2021: HK$1.2 million), and its current liabilities amounted to approximately HK$148.3 million (2021: HK$213.8 million), consisting mainly of payables arising in the normal course of business operation. Accordingly, the current ratio, being the ratio of current assets to current liabilities, was approximately 2.0 times as at 31 March 2022 (2021: 1.5 times). The Group's working capital requirements were mainly financed by internal resources.

## Gearing ratio

The gearing ratio of the Group is defined as a percentage of total debts at the end of the reporting period divided by total equity at the end of the reporting period. As at 31 March 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group was approximately 2.7% (2021: 2.3%). Total debts include lease liabilities.

## Treasury policies

The Group has adopted a prudent financial management approach towards its treasury policies and thus maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the period under review. The Group strives to reduce exposure to credit risk by performing ongoing credit assessments and evaluations of the financial status of its customers. To manage liquidity risk, the Board closely monitors the Group's liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of the Group's assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet its funding requirements from time to time.

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 流動資金及財務資源

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團有流動資產約 296.4 百萬港元 （二零二一年： 330.2 百萬港元） ，包括主 要以港元計值的現金及現金等價物約 141.6 百萬港元 （二 零二一年： 87.1 百萬港元） 。於二零二二年三月三十一 日，本集團有非流動負債約 1.8 百萬港元 （二零二一年： 1.2 百萬港元） ，而其流動負債則約為 148.3 百萬港元 （二 零二一年： 213.8 百萬港元） ，主要為日常營運中產生的 應付款項。因此，於二零二二年三月三十一日的流動比 率 （即流動資產相對流動負債的比率） 約為 2.0 倍 （二零 二一年： 1.5 倍） 。本集團營運資金需要主要由內部資源 撥付。

## 資產負債比率

本集團的資產負債比率界定為報告期末債務總額除以報 告期末權益總額所得百分比。於二零二二年三月三十一 日，本集團資產負債比率約為 2.7% （二零二一年： 2.3% ） 。債務總額包括租賃負債。

## 庫務政策

在庫務政策上，本集團採取審慎的理財原則，故回顧期 間一直維持穩健的流動資金狀況。本集團不斷評估其客 戶的信用狀況及財政狀況，務求降低信貸風險。為調控 流動資金風險，董事會密切監察本集團的流動資金狀 況，確保本集團資產、負債及其他承擔的流動結構能滿 足其不時的資金需要。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Foreign exchange exposure

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's exposure to currency risks is mainly attributable to  cash and cash equivalents and certain listed equity investments included in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which are denominated in Euro and British pound. The Group was exposed to certain foreign currency exchange risks but it does not anticipate future currency fluctuations to cause material operational difficulties or liquidity problems.

Save as disclosed above, the Group's monetary assets and transactions are principally denominated in Hong Kong dollars, it did not have any significant exposure to risk resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates during the year ended 31 March 2022.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group did not engage in any derivatives activities and did not commit to any financial instruments to hedge its exposure to foreign currency risk.

## Capital structure

The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date. There has been no change in the capital structure of the Company since the Listing Date and up to the date of this report. The capital of the Company comprises ordinary shares and capital reserves.

## Capital commitments

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not have any significant capital commitments (2021: nil).

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 外匯風險

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團面臨的貨幣風險主 要歸因於現金及現金等價物以及計入按公平值計入損益 的金融資產的若干上市股權投資，該等投資以歐元及英 鎊計值。本集團面臨若干外匯風險，惟預計未來的匯率 波動不會造成重大經營困難或流動資金問題。

除上文所披露者外，截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年 度，由於本集團的貨幣資產及交易主要以港元計值，其 並無面對任何因外幣匯率變動而導致的重大風險。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團並無進行 任何衍生工具活動，亦無利用任何金融工具對沖外幣風 險。

## 資本架構

本公司股份於上市日期在聯交所主板上市。本公司的資 本架構自上市日期起及截至本報告日期止並無任何變 動。本公司的資本包括普通股及資本儲備。

## 資本承擔

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團並無任何重大資本 承擔 （二零二一年：無） 。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Share Option Scheme

The Company conditionally approved and adopted the Share Option Scheme on 20 September 2016 by passing of a written resolution of the then shareholders of the Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on the Listing Date and will remain in force until the tenth anniversary of the Listing Date.

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company a flexible means of giving incentive to, rewarding, remunerating, compensating and providing benefits to eligible participants and for such other purposes as the Board approves from time to time.

Since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and up to the date of this report, no option was granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Share Option Scheme.

## Significant investments held

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had listed equity investments included in financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$16.1 million (as at 31 March 2021: HK$61.8 million).

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group received dividends of approximately HK$1.9 million. The Group had also disposed of approximately HK$44.2 million in listed equity securities and recognised a net realised and unrealised loss on financial assets at FVTPL of approximately HK$1.6 million. The listed equity investments mainly comprised high quality blue chip banking corporations and energy companies listed in Hong Kong, Australia and the United Kingdom. The Group expects to benefit from the receipt of dividends and capital gains in the long term. The Group will  continue to monitor and assess the performance of these i nvestments  and  make  timely  and  appropriate  investment adjustments to enhance the returns on investment for the Group and ultimately benefit the shareholders of the Company (the ' Shareholders ') as a whole.

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 購股權計劃

本公司於二零一六年九月二十日透過本公司當時股東的 書面決議案有條件地批准並採納購股權計劃。購股權計 劃已於上市日期生效，並將維持有效直至上市日期十週 年止。

購股權計劃旨在令本公司可靈活給予合資格參與者激 勵、獎賞、酬勞、報酬及福利，以及達致董事會不時批 准的其他目的。

自購股權計劃採納以來直至本報告日期，概無任何購股 權計劃項下購股權獲授出、行使、註銷或失效。

## 所持重大投資

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團持有計入按公平值 計入損益的金融資產的上市股權投資約 16.1 百萬港元 （於 二零二一年三月三十一日： 61.8 百萬港元） 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團收取股息 約 1.9 百萬港元。本集團亦已出售上市股本證券約 44.2 百萬港元，並確認按公平值計入損益的金融資產之已變 現及未變現虧損淨額約 1.6 百萬港元。上市股權投資主 要包括在香港、澳洲及英國上市的優質藍籌銀行公司及 能源公司。本集團預期將長期從收取股息及資本收益中 獲益。本集團將持續監察及評估該等投資的表現，並作 出及時及適當的投資調整，以為本集團提高投資回報並 最終惠及本公司股東 （ 「 股東 」 ） 的整體利益。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Significant investments held (Continued)

As at 31 March 2022, the Group held 1,032,000 listed shares of Barclays Plc, a company incorporated in England and Wales and listed on the London Stock Exchange (stock exchange: BARC) (' Barclays '),  which represented approximately 0.006% of its issued share capital with an acquisition cost of approximately HK$10.9 million. The investment in Barclays was classified as financial assets at FVTPL and had a fair value of approximately HK$16.1 million which contributes to approximately 5.1% of the Group's total assets. The Group recognised an unrealised fair value loss of approximately HK$4.8 million and received dividends of approximately HK$0.6 million from Barclays during the year ended 31 March 2022. No acquisition or disposal of the investment in Barclays was made during the year ended 31 March 2022.

Barclays's businesses include consumer banking and payments operations around the world, as well as a global corporate and investment bank. The investment in Barclays still holds upside potential and will be held for the foreseeable future.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group did not hold any other listed equity investments that represented more than 5% of the total assets of the Group.

Save as disclosed above, there was no other significant investment held by the Group.

## Future plans for material investments and capital assets

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets as at 31 March 2022.

## Material acquisitions and disposals

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 所持重大投資 （續）

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團持有 Barclays Plc （一家於英格蘭及威爾士註冊成立並於倫敦證券交易所 上市之公司 （股份代號： BARC ） ， 「 Barclays 」 ） 1,032,000 股上市股份，相當於其已發行股本約 0.006% ，收購成 本為約 10.9 百萬港元。於 Barclays 的投資分類為按公平 值計入損益的金融資產，公平值約 16.1 百萬港元，向本 集團貢獻總資產約 5.1% 。截至二零二二年三月三十一 日止年度，本集團確認未變現公平值虧損約 4.8 百萬港 元及自 Barclays 獲得股息約 0.6 百萬港元。截至二零 二二年三月三十一日止年度，並無收購或出售 Barclays 的投資。

Barclays 的業務包括全球範圍內的消費金融及支付業務 以及全球公司及投資銀行業務。在 Barclays 的投資仍呈 現上揚潛力，且將在可預見未來持續如此。

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團並無持有佔本集團 的資產總值多於 5% 的任何其他上市股本投資。

除上文所披露者外，本集團並無持有其他重大投資。

## 重大投資及資本資產的未來計劃

除本報告所披露者外，本集團於二零二二年三月三十一 日並無其他有關重大投資及資本資產的計劃。

## 重大收購及出售

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團並無任何 有關附屬公司、聯營公司及合營企業的重大收購及出售。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Pledge of assets

As  at  31  March  2022,  pledged  deposits  in  the  sum  of approximately HK$14.9 million (2021: HK$14.4 million) were placed with a bank or an insurer as securities for the performance bonds issued by the bank and insurer to certain customers on their projects. The pledged deposits will be released when the bank or insurer is satisfied that no claims will arise from the projects under the performance bonds.

## Contingent liabilities

The Group had no material contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2022 (2021: nil).

## Information on employees

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had 98 employees (2021: 97), including the executive Directors. Total staff costs (including Directors' emoluments) were approximately HK$68.5 million for the year ended 31 March 2022, as compared with approximately HK$66.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. Remuneration is  determined with reference to market norms and individual employee's performance, qualification and experience.

On top of basic salaries, bonuses may be paid by reference to the Group's performance as well as individual's performance. Other staff benefits include contributions to Mandatory Provident Fund scheme in Hong Kong and various welfare plans including the provision of pension funds, medical insurance, unemployment insurance and other relevant insurance for employees of the Group.

The salaries and benefits of the Group's employees are kept at a competitive level and employees are rewarded on a performancerelated basis within the general framework of the Group's salary and bonus system, which is reviewed by management annually. The Group also operates the Share Option Scheme, pursuant to which options to subscribe for shares of the Company may be granted to the Directors and employees of the Group.

The Group encourages self-development of its employees and provides on-the-job training where appropriate.

## 財務回顧 （續）

## 資產抵押

於二零二二年三月三十一日，已抵押存款合共約 14.9 百 萬港元 （二零二一年： 14.4 百萬港元） 已存入銀行或保險 公司，作為銀行及保險公司就若干客戶的項目向其發出 履約保證的抵押品。已抵押存款將於銀行或保險公司信 納履約保證項下項目將不會產生申索時方會解除。

## 或然負債

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團並無任何重大或然 負債 （二零二一年：無） 。

## 僱員資料

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團有僱員 98 名 （二零 二一年： 97 名） ，包括執行董事。截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度的總員工成本 （包括董事薪酬） 約為 68.5 百萬港元，而截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度則約 為 66.7 百萬港元。酬金乃參考市場慣例及個別僱員的表 現、資歷及經驗釐定。

除基本薪金外，本集團亦可視乎本集團業績及個人表現 發放花紅。其他員工福利包括向香港的強制性公積金計 劃供款，以及為本集團的僱員而設的各項福利計劃，包 括退休金、醫療保險、失業保險及其他相關保險。

本集團僱員的薪酬及福利均維持一定競爭力，僱員在本 集團薪酬及花紅制度的一般框架 （由管理層每年檢討） 下 獲論功行賞。本集團亦設有購股權計劃，董事及本集團 僱員可據此獲授予購股權以認購本公司股份。

本集團鼓勵其僱員自我增值，並適當提供在職培訓。

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 管理層討論及分析

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 March 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company confirms that, other than the deviation from code provision A.2.1, the Company has complied with all the Code Provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.

Our Company complies with all the Code Provisions with the exception for Code Provision A.2.1, which requires the roles of chairman and chief executive be different individuals. Under Code Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Neil David Howard holds both positions. Mr. Howard has been primarily responsible for overseeing our Group's general management and business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for our business management and operations since he joined our Group in  2006.  Taking  into  account  the  continuation  of management and the implementation of our business strategies, our Directors (including our independent non-executive Directors) consider it is most suitable for Mr. Howard to hold both the positions of chief executive officer and the chairman of our Board and the present arrangements are beneficial to and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole. Our Company will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of our Company at a time when it is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

## 買賣或贖回本公司的上市證券

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本公司或其任何 附屬公司均無買賣或贖回本公司任何上市證券。

## 企業管治

本公司確認，除偏離守則條文 A.2.1 外，截至二零二二 年三月三十一日止年度，本公司一直遵守上市規則附錄 十四內企業管治守則所載所有守則條文。

本公司遵守所有守則條文，惟規定主席與行政總裁的角 色應由不同人士擔任的守則條文 A.2.1 除外。根據企業 管治守則守則條文 A.2.1 ，主席與行政總裁的角色應有 區分，並不應由一人同時兼任。 Neil David Howard 先生 兼任兩個職務，自二零零六年加入本集團以來， Howard 先生一直主要負責監督本集團的整體管理及業 務發展以及就業務管理及營運制定業務策略及政策。考 慮到管理的持續及業務策略的實施，董事 （包括獨立非 執行董事） 認為， Howard 先生同時擔任行政總裁及董事 會主席職務最為合適，當前安排屬有利且符合本公司及 股東的整體利益。本公司將繼續進行檢討，並會在計及 本集團整體情況後考慮於適當及合適時候將董事會主席 與本公司行政總裁的角色分開。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Neil David Howard

Mr. Howard, aged 51, was appointed as a Director on 13 April 2016 and redesignated as an executive Director, the chairman of our Board and chief executive officer on 11 June 2016. Mr. Howard is a director of each of our subsidiaries. He is the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee. He is responsible for corporate strategic planning and overall business development of our Group. Mr. Howard's interests in the Shares are set out in the section headed 'Directors' and the Chief Executive's Interests or Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures' of the directors' report in this annual report.

Mr. Howard has been with our Group for over 15 years since joining our Group as a director of IBI Limited in November 2006 and a managing director of IBI Macau since August 2007.

Prior to joining our Group in November 2006, Mr. Howard was the regional operations director at a company currently known as Global Beauty International Management Limited (principally engaged in health and lifestyle services) from July 2002 to March 2005 where he was primarily responsible for upgrading the company's portfolio of treatment centres throughout the Asia region.

Mr. Howard graduated from University of the West of England, Bristol in the United Kingdom with a bachelor's degree of science in quantity surveying in July 1993. Mr. Howard then completed a course in advanced insolvency law and practice 1 from The University of Southern Queensland in Australia in July 2000. He also obtained a diploma in insolvency from the Hong Kong Society of Accountants (currently known as Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants) in Hong Kong in November 2001.

## 董事會

執行董事

Neil David Howard 先生

Howard 先生， 51 歲，於二零一六年四月十三日獲委任 為董事，後於二零一六年六月十一日調任為執行董事、 董事會主席兼行政總裁。 Howard 先生擔任各附屬公司 的董事。彼為提名委員會主席及薪酬委員會成員。彼負 責本集團的企業策略規劃及整體業務發展。 Howard 先 生於股份中的權益載於本年報內董事會報告「董事及主 要行政人員於股份、相關股份及債權證中的權益或淡倉」 一節。

自二零零六年十一月作為 IBI Limited 的董事及自二零零 七年八月作為 IBI Macau 的董事總經理加入本集團以來， Howard 先生已與本集團合作逾十五年。

於二零零六年十一月加入本集團前， Howard 先生於二 零零二年七月至二零零五年三月在 Global Beauty International Management Limited （主要從事健康及生活 時尚服務） 擔任區域營運總監，主要負責提升該公司亞 洲區療程中心的組合。

Howard 先生於一九九三年七月畢業於英國西英格蘭 大學 (University of the West of England, Bristol) ，獲頒工 料測量理學學士學位。 Howard 先生其後於二零零零年 七月在澳洲南昆士蘭大學 (The University of Southern Queensland) 完成高級破產法律及實務 1 級課程，並於二 零零一年十一月在香港取得香港會計師公會 (Hong Kong Society of Accountants) （現稱香港會計師公會 (Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants) ） 破產管理 文憑。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## Mr. Steven Paul Smithers

Mr. Smithers, aged 54, was appointed as a Director on 13 April 2016 and redesignated as an executive Director and the chief operations officer on 11 June 2016. Mr. Smithers is a director of each of our subsidiaries. He is a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. He is responsible for corporate strategic planning, overall business development, management and operations of our Group. Mr. Smithers' interest in the Shares are set out in the section headed 'Directors' and the Chief Executive's Interests or Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures' of the Directors' Report in this annual report.

Mr.  Smithers  has  over  27  years  of  work  experience  in  the construction industry in Hong Kong. Prior to joining our Group in May 2006 as a senior project manager, he was last employed as a compliance and co-ordination manager at group companies under Paul Y. group (which was principally engaged in construction services) from March 1996 to April 2006 and he was primarily responsible for managing the tender and pre-qualification process and general management activities. From October 1994 to February 1996, Mr. Smithers worked as a quality assurance consultant at Construction Quality Management Ltd. (principally engaged in ISO accredited management systems), where he was seconded to Paul Y. group.

Mr. Smithers graduated from Brighton Polytechnic (currently known as the University of Brighton) in the United Kingdom with a bachelor's  degree  of  science  in  building  engineering  and management in July 1991. Mr. Smithers then obtained a master's degree of business administration from University of Leicester in the United Kingdom in July 1998. Mr. Smithers was admitted as a member and a fellow of the Chartered Institute of Building in the United Kingdom in August 1997 and June 2014, respectively.

## Steven Paul Smithers 先生

Smithers 先生， 54 歲，於二零一六年四月十三日獲委任 為董事，後於二零一六年六月十一日調任為執行董事兼 營運總監。 Smithers 先生擔任各附屬公司的董事。彼為 薪酬委員會及提名委員會成員。彼負責本集團的企業策 略規劃、整體業務發展、管理及營運。 Smithers 先生於 股份中的權益載於本年報內董事會報告「董事及主要行 政人員於股份、相關股份及債權證中的權益或淡倉」一 節。

Smithers 先生在香港建造業積逾 27 年工作經驗。於二零 零六年五月加入本集團擔任高級項目經理前，彼於 一九九六年三月至二零零六年四月在保華集團 （主要從 事建造服務） 旗下集團成員公司擔任合規及協調經理， 主要負責管理投標及資格預審程序以及綜合管理活動。 於一九九四年十月至一九九六年二月， Smithers 先生於 Construction Quality Management Ltd. （主要從事 ISO 認 證管理體系） 擔任品質保證顧問，其後被借調至保華集 團。

Smithers 先生於一九九一年七月畢業於英國布萊頓理工 學院 (Brighton Polytechnic) （現稱布萊頓大學 (University of Brighton) ） ，獲頒建築工程設計及管理理學學士學位。 Smithers 先生其後於一九九八年七月取得英國萊斯特大 學 (University of Leicester) 工商管理碩士學位。 Smithers 先生先後於一九九七年八月及二零一四年六月獲接納為 英國特許建造學會 (Chartered Institute of Building) 會員 及資深會員。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## Independent non-executive Directors

## Mr. Robert Peter Andrews

Mr. Andrews, aged 64, was appointed as an independent nonexecutive Director on 20 September 2016. He is responsible for providing independent advice to our Board. He is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Nomination Committee and Audit Committee. Mr. Andrews has over 31 years of experience in the construction industry. Mr. Andrews is the director of Andrews Commercial Services Limited (principally engaged in consultancy services in the construction industry) since April 2013.

Mr. Andrews worked at Leighton Contractors (Asia) Limited (principally engaged in construction) from January 1990 to March 2013, with his last position as the divisional commercial manager of Hong Kong and Macau, where he was primarily responsible for overseeing contractual and commercial aspect of the business unit.

Mr. Andrews obtained his diploma in quantity surveying from Cauldon College (currently known as Stoke On Trent College) in the United Kingdom in June 1979. He then obtained a certificate of commercial mediation conducted by The Accord Group Australia in association  with  the  Mediation  Council  of  the  Hong  Kong International Arbitration Centre in Hong Kong in December 1998.

## Mr. David John Kennedy

Mr. Kennedy, aged 53, was appointed as an independent nonexecutive Director on 30 June 2019. He is responsible for providing independent advice to our Board. He is the chairman of the Audit Committee, and a member of the Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. Mr. Kennedy was the chief financial officer and the chief operating officer of M.S. Asia Group from 2012 until 2019. He is currently a consultant at Hart Giles, Solicitors and Notaries.

Mr. Kennedy was the chief operating officer and the chief executive officer of Equititrust Limited between 2009 and 2011, the chief operating officer of Octaviar Limited (formerly known as MFS Limited) between 2007 and 2008, a senior manager, a partner and the chief operating officer of RSM Hong Kong between 1997 and 2005, and a part-time lecturer in bankruptcy of Griffith University in Australia between 1995 and 1996. He also worked for KPMG between 1988 and 1996 with his last position being a manager.

## 獨立非執行董事

Robert Peter Andrews 先生

Andrews 先生， 64 歲，於二零一六年九月二十日獲委任 為獨立非執行董事。彼負責向董事會提供獨立意見。彼 為薪酬委員會主席以及提名委員會及審核委員會成員。 Andrews 先生在建造業積逾 31 年經驗。 Andrews 先生自 二零一三年四月起擔任 Andrews Commercial Services Limited （主要從事建造業顧問服務） 的董事。

於一九九零年一月至二零一三年三月， Andrews 先生於 Leighton Contractors (Asia) Limited （主要從事建造業務） 任職，離職前職位為香港及澳門商務部門主管，主要負 責監督該業務單位的合約及商業事務。

Andrews 先生於一九七九年六月取得英國 Cauldon College （現稱 Stoke On Trent College ） 工料測量專業文 憑。彼其後於一九九八年十二月在香港報讀 The Accord Group Australia 與香港國際仲裁中心轄下香港調解會合 辦的課程，獲頒商業調解證書。

## David John Kennedy 先生

Kennedy 先生， 53 歲，於二零一九年六月三十日獲委任 為獨立非執行董事。彼負責向董事會提供獨立意見。彼 為審核委員會主席，以及薪酬委員會及提名委員會的成 員。 Kennedy 先生自二零一二年起直至二零一九年一直 擔任 M.S. Asia Group 的財務總監兼營運總監。彼現時 為 Hart Giles, Solicitors and Notaries 的顧問。

於二零零九年至二零一一年， Kennedy 先生為 Equititrust Limited 的營運總監兼行政總裁；於二零零七年至二零 零八年，曾任 Octaviar Limited （前稱 MFS Limited ） 的營 運總監；於一九九七年至二零零五年，曾先後擔任 RSM Hong Kong 的高級經理、合夥人及營運總監；以及於 一九九五年至一九九六年，曾任澳洲格里菲斯大學 (Griffith University) 破產管理學兼職講師。於一九八八年 至一九九六年，彼亦曾任職於畢馬威會計師事務所，彼 於離職前擔任經理。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

Mr. Kennedy obtained a degree of Master of Laws, a Bachelor's Degree in Laws and a Bachelor's Degree in Business Accounting from Queensland University of Technology in 2009, 2003 and 1989, respectively. He has been admitted as a solicitor in Hong Kong since 2018, a solicitor in Queensland, Australia since 2006 and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia (currently known as Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand) since 1994.

## Mr. Martin Woods

Mr. Woods, aged 61, was appointed as an independent nonexecutive Director on 4 October 2021. He is responsible for providing independent advice to our Board. He is a member of each of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. He is a member of The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors in United Kingdom since January 1985. Mr. Woods has over 31 years of work experience in the project management field.

Mr. Woods has established JinWoods Limited in 2020 to provide business  consulting,  coaching  and  mentoring  to  senior professionals and companies operating in the real estate and construction sectors. From September 2007 to December 2019, Mr. Woods worked at CBRE Limited with last position as the Senior Managing Director, Asia Pacific in Global Workplace Solutions Department. From January 2003 to September 2007, he worked at Jones Lang LaSalle Limited with his last position as National Director. From January 1995 to December 2001, Mr. Woods worked at Wayfoong Property Limited (a subsidiary of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation, a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 5) as Project Manager.

Kennedy 先生於二零零九年、二零零三年及一九八九年 分別獲頒昆士蘭科技大學 (Queensland University of Technology) 法學碩士學位、法學學士學位及商業會計 學士學位。彼自二零一八年起獲認可為香港律師；自二 零零六年起獲認可為澳洲昆士蘭律師；及自一九九四年 起獲認可為澳洲特許會計師公會 (Institute of Chartered Accountants) （現稱澳洲及新西蘭特許會計師公會 (Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand) ）會 員。

## Martin Woods 先生

Woods 先生， 61 歲，於二零二一年十月四日獲委任為 獨立非執行董事。彼負責向董事會提供獨立意見。彼分 別為審核委員會、薪酬委員會及提名委員會成員。彼自 一九八五年一月起為英國皇家特許測量師學會會員。 Woods 先生在項目管理領域擁有超過 31 年工作經驗。

Woods 先生於二零二零年成立了 JinWoods Limited ，為 房地產及建築行業的高級專業人士及公司提供業務諮 詢、輔導及指導服務。於二零零七年九月至二零一九年 十二月， Woods 先生曾任職於世邦魏理仕有限公司，於 離職前擔任跨國企業服務部亞太區高級董事總經理。於 二零零三年一月至二零零七年九月，彼曾效力仲量聯行 有限公司，於離職前擔任區域董事。於一九九五年一月 至二零零一年十二月， Woods 先生亦曾在滙豐物業代理 有限公司 （聯交所上市公司香港上海滙豐銀行 （股份代 號： 5 ） 的附屬公司） 擔任項目經理。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Kwan John Lau

Mr. Lau, aged 54, first joined our Group in June 2001, and is currently the tendering director of our Group. He is responsible for overseeing tenders and recruitment of project-related staff.

Mr. Lau has over 27 years of work experience in the areas of property development and fitting-out. Prior to joining our Group, he worked as a project manager for L.P. Contractors &amp; Construction Co., (H.K.) Ltd. (principally engaged in interior decoration business) from July 1998 to June 2001 where he was primarily responsible for the overall management of the company. From July 1996 to July 1998, he worked as a project manager at Global Top Design &amp; Engineering Ltd. (principally engaged in interior fitting-out business) where he was primarily responsible for fitting-out  project management. From August 1992 to April 1994, Mr. Lau worked as the site  supervisor at Interior  Contract International Limited (principally engaged in fitting-out, decoration and contracting) where he was primarily responsible for fitting-out  project management.

Mr. Lau graduated with a bachelor's degree of engineering in industrial and civil engineering from Hunan University in the PRC in July 1990. He then graduated with a master's degree of science in facility management from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong in December 2005.

## 高級管理層

劉群先生

劉先生， 54 歲，於二零零一年六月初次加入本集團，現 任本集團投標總監。彼負責監察投標及招聘項目相關人 員。

劉先生於物業發展及裝修領域積逾 27 年工作經驗。加 入本集團前，彼於一九九八年七月至二零零一年六月擔 任發記營造建築 （香港） 有限公司 （主要從事室內裝潢業 務）的項目經理，主要負責該公司的整體管理。於 一九九六年七月至一九九八年七月，彼於寶信設計工程 有限公司 （主要從事內部裝修業務） 擔任項目經理，主要 負責裝修項目管理。於一九九二年八月至一九九四年四 月，劉先生於京滙國際工程有限公司 （主要從事裝修、 裝飾及承建工作） 擔任現場主管，主要負責裝修項目管 理。

劉先生於一九九零年七月畢業於中國湖南大學，獲頒工 業及土木工程工程學士學位。彼其後於二零零五年十二 月畢業於香港理工大學，獲頒設施管理理學碩士學位。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## Mr. Siu Hong Lui

Mr. Lui, aged 47, first joined our Group in September 2005, and is currently the regional director of our Group. He is responsible for overseeing the Macau operations of our Group.

Mr. Lui has over 21 years of work experience in the construction industry. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Lui worked as a quantity surveyor for Paul Y. Construction Company, Limited from May 2001 to February 2005. He worked as an assistant quantity surveyor in Gammon Construction Limited and Kier Hong Kong Limited (both principally engaged in civil construction works) from June 2000 to November 2000 and from August 1998 to July 1999, respectively. Mr. Lui worked at Universal Dockyard, Limited with his last position as the assistant quantity surveyor (principally engaged in marine and civil construction works) from October 1994 to May 1996 where he was primarily responsible for project budget planning and project subcontracting.

Mr. Lui was awarded a certificate in building studies from the Vocational Training Council for completing a course at Morrison Hill Technical Institute (currently known as the Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (Morrison Hill)) in Hong Kong in July 1997. He then obtained a higher diploma in building and construction from City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in November 2000. Subsequently, Mr. Lui graduated with a bachelor's degree of science  in  construction  management  from  University  of Wolverhampton in the United Kingdom in October 2005, before attaining a master's degree of science in construction law and dispute resolution from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in Hong Kong in October 2008.

## 雷兆康先生

雷先生， 47 歲，於二零零五年九月初次加入本集團，現 任本集團區域主管。彼負責監察本集團的澳門業務。

雷先生在建造業積逾 21 年工作經驗。加入本集團前， 雷先生於二零零一年五月至二零零五年二月擔任保華建 築有限公司的工料測量師。於二零零零年六月至二零零 零年十一月及一九九八年八月至一九九九年七月，彼先 後於金門建築有限公司及基利香港有限公司 （均主要從 事土木建造工程） 擔任助理工料測量師。於一九九四年 十月至一九九六年五月，雷先生於太元船廠有限公司 （主 要從事海運及土木建造工程） 任職，離職前職位為助理 工料測量師，主要負責項目預算規劃及項目承辦。

雷先生於一九九七年七月完成香港職業訓練局轄下摩利 臣山工業學院 （現稱香港專業教育學院 （摩利臣山分校） ） 的課程並獲頒建築學證書，後於二零零零年十一月取得 香港城市大學建築及建造高級文憑。其後，雷先生於二 零零五年十月畢業於英國胡弗漢頓大學 (University of Wolverhampton) ，獲頒建築管理理學學士學位，並於二 零零八年十月取得香港理工大學建築法與爭議解決學理 學碩士學位。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

## Mr. Wai Fung Kong

Mr. Kong, aged 46, first joined our Group in December 2009, and is currently the commercial director of our Group. He is responsible for overseeing the commercial department of our Group.

Mr. Kong has over 19 years of work experience in the field of quantity surveying. He worked as a project quantity surveyor for Chun Wo Construction and Engineering Company Limited, principally engaged in construction, from May 2009 to November 2009. Mr. Kong worked as a quantity surveying consultant for Rick's Management Consultancy Limited (principally engaged in quantity surveying consultancy services) from October 2006 to March 2009. Mr. Kong worked as a project quantity surveyor for New House Construction Co., Ltd, principally engaged in construction services, from June 2005 to September 2006. He worked as an assistant quantity surveyor at D. G. Jones &amp; Partners (H.K.) Ltd. and then as a quantity surveyor at Northcroft Hong Kong Ltd., both principally engaged in construction consultancy services, from July 2001 to April 2002 and from July 2002 to August 2004, respectively.

Mr. Kong graduated with a bachelor's degree of science in quantity surveying and a master's degree of engineering in building engineering from City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in November 2001. He was elected as a professional member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors and was certified as a registered professional surveyor in the quantity surveying division by the Surveyors Registration Board in February 2010 and April 2013, respectively.

## Ms. Wai Che Rosanna Chu

Ms. Chu, aged 55, first joined our Group in December 2003, and is currently the chief financial officer of our Group. She is responsible for overseeing the financial and accounting functions of our Group.

Ms. Chu has over 30 years of work experience in the field of accounting. Prior to joining our Group, from July 2002 to June 2003, Ms. Chu worked as a senior manager in the finance department of PricewaterhouseCoopers. From April 1996 to June 2002, she worked as a manager in the finance department of Arthur Andersen &amp; Co. From September 1990 to March 1996, she was employed by Ernst &amp; Young, with her last position as manager in the audit department.

## 江偉鋒先生

江先生， 46 歲，於二零零九年十二月初次加入本集團， 現任本集團商務主管。彼負責監察本集團的商務部。

江先生在工料測量領域積逾 19 年工作經驗。於二零零 九年五月至二零零九年十一月，彼於俊和建築工程有限 公司 （主要從事建造業務） 擔任項目工料測量師。於二零 零六年十月至二零零九年三月，江先生於歷新管理顧問 有限公司 （主要從事工料測量顧問服務） 擔任工料測量顧 問。於二零零五年六月至二零零六年九月，江先生於新 豪建築有限公司 （主要從事建造服務） 擔任項目工料測量 師。於二零零一年七月至二零零二年四月及二零零二年 七月至二零零四年八月，彼分別於 D. G. Jones &amp; Partners (H.K.) Ltd. 及羅富國測量師行有限公司 （均主要 從事建造顧問服務） 擔任助理工料測量師及工料測量師。

江先生於二零零一年十一月畢業於香港城市大學，獲頒 工料測量理學學士學位及建築工程工程碩士學位。彼先 後於二零一零年二月及二零一三年四月當選為英國特許 測量師學會 (Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors) 專 業會員及獲測量師註冊管理局認可為工料測量科註冊專 業測量師。

## 朱偉芝女士

朱女士， 55 歲，於二零零三年十二月初次加入本集團， 現任本集團財務總監。彼負責監察本集團的財務及會計 事務。

朱女士在會計領域積逾 30 年工作經驗。加入本集團前， 朱女士於二零零二年七月至二零零三年六月擔任羅兵咸 永道會計師事務所的財務部高級經理。於一九九六年四 月至二零零二年六月，彼於安達信會計師事務所擔任財 務部經理。於一九九零年九月至一九九六年三月，彼受 僱於安永會計師事務所，離職前職位為審核部經理。

## BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 董事及高級管理層簡歷

Ms. Chu graduated with a bachelor's degree of commerce from The University of Manitoba in Canada in May 1989. She is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, certified in July 1995, and an associate of the Hong Kong Society of Accountants (currently known as Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants) certified in December 1995.

Mr. Jian Song Gan

Mr. Gan, aged 46, first joined our Group in May 2020, and is currently the managing director of Building Solutions Limited.

Mr. Gan has over 21 years of work experience in the areas of innovation, business strategy and sales management. From 2009 to 2017, he was the Asia managing director of Humanscale Asia Limited. Mr. Gan was a country manager with Jeb Greater China Limited from 2008 to 2009. He was a director and general manager of Yichang Xin Xing Corporation Limited, a sino-foreign joint venture producing high quality building materials, from 2003 to 2007. From 1999 to 2002, he was a consultant and project manager at Syntegra Pte. Ltd..

Mr. Gan graduated with a bachelor's degree of engineering in mechanical engineering from Imperial College of Science and Technology and Medicine, University of London in the United Kingdom in 1998. He is a RESET Healthy Buildings Standard Accredited Professional.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Yun Wah Man

Mr. Man, aged 39, was appointed as the company secretary of our Company on 11 June 2016. He was the principal and head of corporate advisory division of Dominic K.F. Chan &amp; Co., and a director of In.Corp Corporate Services (HK) Limited. Mr. Man has over ten years of experience in corporate services.

Mr. Man is an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) and The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators) certified in March 2015.

Mr.  Man obtained a bachelor's degree of arts in business administration and management from University of Huddersfield in the United Kingdom in March 2010 and a master's degree of corporate governance from The Open University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in November 2014.

朱女士於一九八九年五月畢業於加拿大曼尼托巴大學 (The University of Manitoba) ，獲頒商學學士學位。彼於 一九九五年七月成為美國會計師公會 (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants) 會員，並於一九九五年 十二月獲認可為香港會計師公會 (Hong Kong Society of Accountants) （現稱香港會計師公會 (Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants) ） 會員。

顏健松先生

顏先生， 46 歲，於二零二零年五月首次加入本集團，現 任 Building Solutions Limited 的董事總經理。

顏先生在創新、業務策略及銷售管理領域擁有超過 21 年工作經驗。於二零零九年至二零一七年，彼擔任 Humanscale Asia Limited 的亞洲董事總經理。於二零零 八年至二零零九年，顏先生擔任 Jeb Greater China Limited 的區域經理。於二零零三年至二零零七年，彼擔 任宜昌新星企業發展有限公司 （一家生產優質建築材料 的中外合資企業） 的董事兼總經理。於一九九九年至二 零零二年，彼擔任 Syntegra Pte. Ltd. 的顧問及項目經理。

顏先生於一九九八年畢業於英國倫敦帝國學院 (Imperial College of Science and Technology and Medicine, University of London in the United Kingdom) ，獲頒機械 工程工程學學士學位。彼為獲得 RESET 健康建築標準 認證的專業人士。

## 公司秘書

文潤華先生

文先生， 39 歲，於二零一六年六月十一日獲委任為本公 司的公司秘書。彼為陳錦福會計師事務所的負責人兼企 業顧問部主管，並為彥德企業服務 （香港） 有限公司董 事。文先生具備超過十年企業服務經驗。

文先生於二零一五年三月獲認可為香港公司治理公會 （前稱香港特許秘書公會） 及特許公司治理公會 （前稱特 許秘書及行政人員公會） 的會員。

文先生於二零一零年三月取得英國哈德斯菲爾德大學 (University of Huddersfield) 工商管理文學學士學位，並 於二零一四年十一月取得香港公開大學企業管治碩士學 位。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activities of the Group are to act as a contractor focusing on providing renovation services as a main contractor for property projects in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau, strategic investments and provision of products and services with a focus on air quality, energy efficiency and modern sustainable building materials.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## General

Further discussion and analysis of the Group's principal activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including a business review of the Group for the year and an indication of likely future developments in the Group's business, can be found in the Management Discussion and Analysis as set out on pages 16 to 24 of this annual report. An analysis of the Group's performance during the year ended 31 March 2022 using financial key performance indicators is provided in the Financial Summary on page 193 of this annual report. These discussions form part of this directors' report.

## Principal risks and uncertainties

As the contracting business of the Group is project-based, profitability of the Group is dependent on a consistent stream of tender opportunities.

Upon converting these tender opportunities to awarded contracts, the importance of a stringent project management system comes into play so that costs can be controlled, income can be secured and positive cashflow can be maintained.

From a risk perspective, a high level of importance is placed on our tender strategies, our prudent execution of the works and the diligent monitoring and controlling of the commercial aspects of our projects.

The Group is also exposed to equity price risk through its investments in listed securities. The management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investment with different risk profiles. The Group's equity price risk is concentrated on listed securities in London.

## 主要業務

本集團主要業務為作為專注於提供翻新服務的承建商， 擔任香港及澳門私營機構物業項目的總承建商，策略性 投資及提供專注於空氣質量、能效及現代可持續發展的 建築材料。

## 業務回顧

## 一般事項

香港法例第 622 章公司條例附表 5 所規定有關本集團主 要業務的進一步討論及分析 （包括本集團年內業務回顧 及本集團業務潛在未來發展指標） 可參閱本年報第 16 至 24 頁所載管理層討論及分析。有關採用財務關鍵表現 指標對本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的表 現作出的分析載於本年報第 193 頁的「財務概要」 。有關 討論構成本董事會報告其中一部分。

## 主要風險及不明朗因素

由於本集團承建業務以項目形式進行，故本集團的盈利 能力視乎持續獲得投標機會而定。

嚴謹的項目管理系統對自該等投標機會獲取合約尤為重 要，使得成本受控、確保收入及維持正數現金流量。

從風險角度看，我們相當重視投標策略，審慎執行工 程，並致力監察及控制項目的商業事宜。

本集團亦因其上市證券投資而面臨股價風險。管理層通 過維持具有不同風險狀況的投資組合來管理此風險敞 口。本集團的股價風險主要集中在倫敦的上市證券。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Environmental policies and performance

The Group is committed to its corporate and social responsibility in promoting a sustainable and environmentally friendly environment. We strive to minimise our environmental impact in our daily course of business. The Group's in-house guidelines contain measures and work procedures governing environmental protection compliance that are required to be followed by the Group's employees, suppliers and subcontractors. Such measures and procedures included air pollution control, noise control and waste disposal.

Further  details  of  the  Group's  environmental  policies  and performance are set out in the Environmental Social and Governance Report of the Company (the ' ESG Report ')  in  this annual report.

## Compliance with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group

The Group and its business are governed by certain laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group. To the best of the Directors' knowledge, information and belief, during the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no material breach of or noncompliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group. The Company has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group.

## Key relationships with major stakeholders

The Group fully understands that its employees, customers and suppliers are the key to our sustainable and stable development. We are committed to establishing a close and stable relationship with our employees, enhancing cooperation with our suppliers and providing high-quality construction services to our customers so as to ensure the Group's sustainable development.

## Employees

Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of  the  Group.  The  Group  ensures  all  staff  are  reasonably remunerated and provides them with health and safety and other developmental training and has proper whistle blowing procedures in  place for our employees to follow without fear of reprisal of receiving any negative impacts.

## 業務回顧 （續）

## 環境政策及績效

本集團堅持履行企業及社會責任以促進可持續及環保環 境。我們致力於日常業務過程中盡量減少對環境的影 響。本集團的內部指引載有規管環保合規的若干措施及 工作程序，並規定本集團的僱員、供應商及分包商必須 遵守。該等措施及程序包括空氣污染管制、噪音管制及 廢物處理。

有關本集團環境政策及表現的進一步詳情載於本年報內 的本公司環境、社會及管治報告 （ 「 ESG 報告 」 ） 。

## 遵守對本集團構成重大影響的法律及法規

本集團及其業務受若干對本集團構成重大影響的法律及 法規所規管。據董事所深知、全悉及確信，本集團於截 至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度並無重大違反或不遵 守適用法律及法規。本公司於重大方面遵守對本集團業 務及營運構成重大影響的相關法律及法規。

## 與主要利益相關者的重要關係

本集團深明員工、客戶及供應商是我們持續穩定發展的 關鍵。我們致力與員工建立緊密穩定關係、加強與供應 商合作及為客戶提供優質建造服務，以確保本集團可持 續發展。

## 員工

本集團視員工為最重要且最寶貴的資產，確保全體員工 得到合理報酬，並為員工提供健康安全及其他發展培 訓，另設正規舉報程序讓員工毋須害怕報復或受到任何 負面影響。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## BUSINESS REVIEW (CONTINUED)

## Key relationships with major stakeholders (Continued)

Customers

The Group's principal customers include a number of highly reputable organisations and commercial enterprises in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau, including multi-national banks, hotel and casino operators, a racing and betting operator and property developers. The Group have established stable and long business relationships with some of our major customers with our long years of operating history built up a strong business network of  customers and other professional consultants, which has consistently presented us with business opportunities.

## Subcontractors and Suppliers

Our major suppliers include subcontractors and suppliers of materials. The Group firmly believes that its subcontractors and suppliers are equally important in cost control and increasing its bargaining power on procurement of materials, which further secures its competitiveness when bidding for tenders. The Group proactively communicates with its subcontractors and suppliers to ensure they are committed to delivering high-quality  and sustainable products and services. Unless the customers require the Group to engage subcontractors and suppliers nominated by them, the Group will select subcontractors and suppliers from its approved lists of subcontractors and suppliers. In addition, during the continuance of the contracts with the subcontractors, the Group will provide them with its internal guidelines on safety and environmental issues and require them to follow. The Group effectively implements the subcontractor assessment process to monitor the performance of its subcontractors by conducting regular site visits, evaluation on the performance of the contract and other measures.

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING DATE

On 18 May 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary as the purchaser, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the vendor to acquire a property located in Dublin, Ireland  at  a  consideration  of  EUR13,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$113,000,000). Further details of the acquisition were disclosed in the Company's announcement dated 18 May 2022 and circular dated 29 June 2022. The transaction was completed on 26 May 2022.

## 業務回顧 （續）

## 與主要利益相關者的重要關係 （續）

客戶

本集團主要客戶包括多家香港及澳門私營知名組織及商 業企業，包括跨國銀行、酒店及賭場營運商、賽馬及博 彩營運商以及物業發展商。本集團與若干主要客戶建立 穩定長期業務關係，憑藉多年營運與客戶及其他專業顧 問建立穩健業務網絡，持續為我們帶來商機。

## 分包商及供應商

我們的主要供應商包括分包商及物料供應商。本集團堅 信，其分包商及供應商於成本控制及增加採購物料的議 價能力方面同樣重要，進一步確保投標時的競爭力。本 集團積極與其分包商及供應商溝通，以確保彼等致力交 付優質及可持續產品及服務。除非客戶要求本集團聘用 彼等提名的分包商及供應商，否則本集團將從分包商及 供應商認可名單中挑選分包商及供應商。此外，與分包 商持續訂立合約時，本集團將向彼等提供有關安全及環 境問題的內部指引，並要求彼等遵循有關指引。本集團 透過定期實地視察、評估合約履行情況及其他措施，有 效實施分包商評估程序，以監控分包商表現。

## 報告日期後事項

於二零二二年五月十八日，本公司透過其全資附屬公司 （作為買方） 與賣方訂立買賣協議，以收購位於愛爾蘭都 柏林的物業，代價為 13,500,000 歐元 （ 相 當 於 約 113,000,000 港元） 。有關收購的進一步詳情已於本公司 日期為二零二二年五月十八日的公告及日期為二零二二 年六月二十九日的通函中披露。該交易已於二零二二年 五月二十六日完成。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company adopts a dividend policy to allow the Shareholders to enjoy the sharing of the profits of the Company while retaining adequate reserves and working capital for future growth and development. In proposing any dividend pay out, the Board shall also consider variety factors, including but not limited to the Group's actual and expected financial results, financial position of the  Group,  expected  working  capital  requirement,  future development/investment plans, general economic conditions, retained earnings and distributable reserves and any other factors that the Board considers relevant. The Company does not have any fixed dividend distribution ratio.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 107 of this report.

The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1.0 cent per Share for the year ended 31 March 2022, to be payable on or about Friday, 7 October 2022. Based on 800,000,000 Shares in issue as at the date of this report, it is expected that the total amount of final dividend payable to the Shareholders is HK$8.0 million in aggregate for the year ended 31 March 2022, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Friday, 9 September 2022 (the ' 2022 AGM ').

An interim dividend of HK1.0 cent per Share, amounting to HK8.0 million was paid to the Shareholders on 28 December 2021.

As far as the Company was aware, as at the date of this report, there had been no arrangement under which any Shareholder has waived, or agreed to waive, any dividends proposed to be distributed for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## 股息政策

本公司採納一項股息政策，讓股東得以分享本公司的利 潤，同時保留足夠儲備和營運資金以供未來增長及發 展。於建議派付任何股息時，董事會應同時考慮多種因 素，包括但不限於本集團的實際和預期財務業績、本集 團的財務狀況、預期營運資金需求、未來發展╱投資計 劃、整體經濟狀況、保留盈利和可供分派儲備以及董事 會認為相關的任何其他因素。本公司並無制訂任何固定 派息率。

## 業績及股息

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的業績載於 本報告第 107 頁的綜合損益及其他全面收益表。

董事會建議就截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度派付 末期股息每股 1.0 港仙，將於二零二二年十月七日 （星期 五） 或前後支付。按本報告日期已發行的 800,000,000 股股份計算，預期截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度 應付予股東的末期股息總額為 8.0 百萬港元，惟須待股 東於本公司將在二零二二年九月九日 （星期五） 舉行的應 屆股東週年大會 （ 「 二零二二年股東週年大會 」 ） 批准後方 可派付股息。

每股 1.0 港仙的中期股息 8.0 百萬港元已於二零二一年 十二月二十八日派付予股東。

就本公司所知，於本報告日期並無任何股東放棄或同意 放棄截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度擬分配之任何 股息之安排。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For determining the Shareholders' entitlement to attend and vote at the 2022 AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 6 September 2022 to Friday, 9 September 2022 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2022 AGM, all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company's Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office,  Tricor  Investor  Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (as from 15 August 2022, 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong), for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 5 September 2022.

Subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the 2022 AGM, the proposed final dividend will be payable on or about Friday, 7 October 2022 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Thursday, 22 September 2022. To ascertain the entitlement of the Shareholders to the proposed final dividend, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 20 September 2022 to Thursday, 22 September 2022 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all duly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company's Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer office,  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited  at  Level  54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (as from 15 August 2022, 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong), not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 19 September 2022.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## 暫停辦理股份過戶登記手續

為確定股東出席二零二二年股東週年大會並於會上投票 的權利，本公司將於二零二二年九月六日 （星期二） 至二 零二二年九月九日 （星期五） （包括首尾兩日） 暫停辦理股 份過戶登記手續，期間將不會辦理任何本公司股份過戶 登記。為符合資格出席二零二二年股東週年大會並於會 上投票，所有過戶文件連同有關股票須於二零二二年九 月五日 （星期一） 下午四時三十分前交回本公司的香港股 份過戶登記分處卓佳證券登記有限公司 （地址為香港皇 后大道東 183 號合和中心 54 樓 （自二零二二年八月十五 日起為香港金鐘夏愨道 16 號遠東金融中心 17 樓） ） ，以 辦理登記手續。

待股東於二零二二年股東週年大會上批准後，建議末期 股息將於二零二二年十月七日 （星期五） 或前後派付予於 二零二二年九月二十二日 （星期四） 名列本公司股東名冊 的股東。為確定股東享有建議末期股息的權利，本公司 將於二零二二年九月二十日 （星期二） 至二零二二年九月 二十二日 （星期四） （包括首尾兩日） 暫停辦理股份過戶登 記手續，期間將不會辦理任何本公司股份過戶登記。為 符合資格享有建議末期股息，所有填妥的過戶表格連同 有關股票須於二零二二年九月十九日 （星期一） 下午四時 三十分前交回本公司的香港股份過戶登記分處卓佳證券 登記有限公司 （地址為香港皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 54 樓 （自二零二二年八月十五日起為香港金鐘夏愨道 16 號遠東金融中心 17 樓） ） 。

## 股本

本公司截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的股本變動 詳情載於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財 務報表附註 24 。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in the consolidated statements of changes in equity on page 109 of this annual report and note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. As at 31 March 2022, the reserves of the Company available for distribution, as calculated under the provision of section 79B of the Companies Ordinance, and in accordance with the Companies Law Cap.22 of Cayman Islands, was approximately HK$142.9 million inclusive of share premium and retained earnings.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 of this annual report.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years is set out on page 193 of this annual report.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DONATIONS

Donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to HK$210,000.

## 儲備

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的儲備變動 載於本年報第 109 頁的綜合權益變動表及截至二零二二 年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表附註 25 。於二 零二二年三月三十一日，按公司條例第 79B 條的條文計 算及根據開曼群島法例第 22 章公司法，本公司可供分 派的儲備約為 142.9 百萬港元，包括股份溢價及保留盈 利。

## 物業、廠房及設備

本集團截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的物業、廠 房及設備變動詳情載於本年報的截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表附註 15 。

## 財務概要

本集團於過去四個財政年度的業績及資產與負債概要載 於本年報第 193 頁。

## 買賣或贖回本公司的上市證券

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本公司或其任何 附屬公司均無買賣或贖回本公司任何上市證券。

## 捐款

本集團於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度捐款 210,000 港元。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report were:

| Name  Position  Mr. Neil David Howard  Executive Director, chairman of the  Board and chief executive officer  Mr. Steven Paul Smithers  Executive Director and  chief operations officer  Mr. Richard Gareth Williams  (stepped down on 4 October 2021)  Independent non-executive Director  Mr. Robert Peter Andrews  Independent non-executive Director  Mr. David John Kennedy  Independent non-executive Director  Mr. Martin Woods  (appointed on 4 October 2021)  Independent non-executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out in 'Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management' in this report.

In accordance with the Articles, Mr. Neil David Howard, Mr. Steven Paul Smithers and Mr. Martin Woods shall retire by rotation at the 2022 AGM and they being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICES CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the 2022 AGM has an unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than under normal statutory obligations.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this report, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## 董事

於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度及直至本報告日 期止的董事如下：

| 姓名  職位  Neil David Howard  先生  執行董事、董事會  主席兼行政總裁  Steven Paul Smithers  先生  執行董事兼營運總監  Richard Gareth Williams  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日退任）  獨立非執行董事  Robert Peter Andrews  先生  獨立非執行董事  David John Kennedy  先生  獨立非執行董事  Martin Woods  先生 （於二零二一年  十月四日獲委任）  獨立非執行董事   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

本公司董事及高級管理層的詳細履歷載於本報告「董事 及高級管理層簡歷」 。

根據組織章程細則， Neil David Howard 先生、 Steven Paul Smithers 先生及 Martin Woods 先生須於二零二二 年股東週年大會上輪值退任，惟彼等均符合資格並願 意重選連任。

## 董事服務合約

建議於二零二二年股東週年大會上重選的董事概無訂 立不可由本公司或其任何附屬公司於一年內免付賠償 （一 般法定責任所規定者除外） 而終止的未屆滿服務合約。

## 董事於重大交易、安排及合約中的權益

除本報告披露者外，本公司或其任何附屬公司於截至二 零二二年三月三十一日止年度結束時或年內任何時間概 無訂立董事於當中直接或間接擁有重大權益的重大交 易、安排或合約。

## DIRECTORS' AND THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 March 2022, the Directors and the chief executive had the following interests in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of  the  Company,  its  Group  members  and/or  associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules were as follows:

## The Company

## 董事及主要行政人員於股份、相關股份及債 權證中的權益或淡倉

於二零二二年三月三十一日，董事及主要行政人員於本 公司、其集團成員公司及╱或相聯法團 （定義見證券及 期貨條例） 的股份、相關股份及債權證中，擁有記入本 公司根據證券及期貨條例第 352 條須予存置的登記冊或 根據上市規則附錄十所載標準守則須另行知會本公司及 聯交所的權益如下：

本公司

| Name of  Director(s)/  chief executive  Capacity/  nature of interest  Relevant company  (including associated  corporation)  Number  of Shares 1  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding in  the total issued  share capital  of our Company  董事╱主要  行政人員姓名  身份╱權益性質  相關公司  （包括相聯法團）  股份數目  1  於本公司已發行  股本總額中的  概約股權百分比  Mr. Neil David Howard  ('  Mr. Howard  ')  2  Interest in controlled  corporation  Brilliant Blue Sky Limited  ('  Brilliant Blue Sky  ')  393,376,000 Shares  49.17%  Neil David Howard  先生  （ 「  Howard  先生  」 ）  2  受控法團權益  Brilliant Blue Sky Limited  （ 「  Brilliant Blue Sky  」 ）  393,376,000  股股份  Mr. Howard  Beneficial owner  N/A  14,624,000 Shares  1.83%  Howard  先生  實益擁有人  不適用  14,624,000  股股份  Mr. Steven Paul Smithers  ('  Mr. Smithers  ')  3  Interest in controlled  corporation  Breadnbutter Holdings Limited  ('  Breadnbutter Holdings  ')  174,888,000 Shares  21.86%  Steven Paul Smithers  先生  受控法團權益  Breadnbutter Holdings Limited  174,888,000  股股份  （ 「  Smithers  先生  」 ）  3  （ 「  Breadnbutter Holdings  」 ）  Mr. Smithers  Beneficial owner  N/A  9,112,000 Shares  1.14%  Smithers  先生  實益擁有人  不適用  9,112,000  股股份  Mr. David John Kennedy  (  '  Mr. Kennedy  '  )  4  Interest of spouse  N/A  8,000,000 Shares  1.00%  David John Kennedy  先生  （ 「  Kennedy  先生  」 ）  4  配偶權益  不適用  8,000,000  股股份   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) All the above Shares are held in long position.

- (2) Brilliant  Blue  Sky,  wholly-owned by Mr. Howard, held 393,376,000 Shares. Mr. Howard is deemed to be interested in the 393,376,000 Shares pursuant to the SFO.
- (3) Breadnbutter Holdings, wholly-owned by Mr. Smithers, held 174,888,000 Shares. Mr. Smithers is deemed to be interested in the 174,888,000 Shares pursuant to the SFO.
- (4) The spouse of Mr. Kennedy held 8,000,000 Shares. Mr. Kennedy is deemed to be interested in the 8,000,000 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

附註：

(1) 以上所有股份均以好倉持有。

- (2) Howard 先生全資擁有的 Brilliant Blue Sky 持有 393,376,000 股股份。 Howard 先生根據證券及期貨條例被視為於 393,376,000 股股份中擁有權益。
- (3) Smithers 先 生 全 資 擁 有 的 Breadnbutter Holdings 持 有 174,888,000 股股份。 Smithers 先生根據證券及期貨條例被視 為於 174,888,000 股股份中擁有權益。

(4)

- Kennedy 先生的配偶持有 8,000,000 股股份。根據證券及期 貨條例， Kennedy 先生被視為於 8,000,000 股股份中擁有權益。

## INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 March 2022, so far as was known to the Directors, the following persons/entities (not being the Director or chief executive) had, or deemed to have, interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company, its Group members and/or associated corporations which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:

## 主要股東於股份、相關股份及債權證中的權 益及淡倉

於二零二二年三月三十一日，就董事所知，以下人 士╱實體 （並非董事或主要行政人員） 於本公司、其集團 成員公司及╱或相聯法團的股份或相關股份中，擁有或 被視為擁有根據證券及期貨條例第 XV 部第 2 及第 3 分部 條文須向本公司披露或記入本公司根據證券及期貨條例 第 336 條須予存置的登記冊的權益或淡倉：

| Name  Capacity/nature of interest  Number  of Shares 1  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding in  the total issued  share capital of  our Company  姓名╱名稱  身份╱權益性質  股份數目  1  於本公司已發行  股本總額中的  概約股權百分比  Brilliant Blue Sky  Beneficial interest  393,376,000 Shares  49.17%  Brilliant Blue Sky  實益權益  393,376,000  股股份  Ms. Shuen Jolie Chung Howard 2  Interest of spouse  408,000,000 Shares  51.00%  鍾旋女士  2  配偶權益  408,000,000  股股份  Breadnbutter Holdings  Beneficial interest  174,888,000 Shares  21.86%  Breadnbutter Holdings  實益權益  174,888,000  股股份  Ms. Yuk Fan Joe Lam 3  Interest of spouse  184,000,000 Shares  23.00%  林玉芬女士  3  配偶權益  184,000,000  股股份   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) All the above Shares are held in long position.

- (2) Ms. Shuen Jolie Chung Howard, the spouse of Mr. Howard, is deemed to be interested in the 14,624,000 Shares held by Mr. Howard and the 393,376,000 Shares held by Mr. Howard through his controlled corporation, Brilliant Blue Sky, pursuant to the SFO.
- (3) Ms. Yuk Fan Joe Lam, the spouse of Mr. Smithers, is deemed to be interested in the 9,112,000 Shares held by Mr. Smithers and the 174,888,000 Shares held by Mr. Smithers through his controlled corporation, Breadnbutter Holdings, pursuant to the SFO.

附註：

(1) 以上所有股份均以好倉持有。

- (2) 鍾旋女士 （ Howard 先生的配偶） 根據證券及期貨條例被視為 於 Howard 先生持有的 14,624,000 股股份及 Howard 先生透 過其受控法團 Brilliant Blue Sky 持有的 393,376,000 股股份中 擁有權益。
- (3) 林玉芬女士 （ Smithers 先生的配偶） 根據證券及期貨條例被視 為於 Smithers 先生持有的 9,112,000 股股份及 Smithers 先生 透過其受控法團 Breadnbutter Holdings 持有的 174,888,000 股股份中擁有權益。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In the year ended 31 March 2022, purchases from the Group's largest supplier accounted for approximately 10.4% of the total purchase cost and the aggregate purchases from its top five suppliers in aggregate accounted for approximately 26.5% of the total purchase cost.

Sales to the Group's largest customer accounted for approximately 19.1% of the total revenue from external customer and the aggregate sales to its top five customers in aggregate accounted for  approximately 62.4% of the total revenue from external customer.

None of the Directors, any of their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of our Directors, own more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) had any interest in any of our five largest suppliers and customers during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles, although there are no restrictions against such rights under the laws in the Cayman Islands.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company conditionally approved and adopted the Share Option Scheme on 20 September 2016 by passing of a written resolution of the then shareholders of the Company. The Share Option Scheme became effective on the Listing Date and will remain in force until the tenth anniversary of the Listing Date. No option under the Share Option Scheme had been granted during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## Purpose

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to Eligible Participants (as defined below) as  incentives  or  rewards  for  their  contribution  or  potential contribution to the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries.

## 管理合約

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度概無訂立或存有任 何與本公司業務整體或任何重大部分的管理及行政有關 的合約。

## 主要客戶及供應商

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團涉及最大 供應商的採購額佔總採購成本約 10.4% ，而涉及五大供 應商的總採購額合計佔總採購成本約 26.5% 。

本集團涉及最大客戶的銷售額佔來自外部客戶的總收益 約 19.1% ，而涉及五大客戶的總銷售額合計佔來自外部 客戶的總收益約 62.4% 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，董事、其任何緊 密聯繫人或任何就董事所知擁有本公司已發行股本超過 5% 的股東概無於五大供應商及客戶中擁有任何權益。

## 優先購股權

組織章程細則概無載列有關優先購股權的條文，惟開曼 群島法例並無限制有關權利。

## 購股權計劃

本公司於二零一六年九月二十日通過本公司當時股東的 書面決議案有條件批准及採納購股權計劃。購股權計劃 於上市日期生效，並將持續有效直至上市日期第十週年 為止。截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度及直至本報 告日期，概無根據購股權計劃授出購股權。

## 目的

購股權計劃旨在讓本公司向合資格參與者 （定義見下文） 授出購股權作為彼等對本公司及╱或其任何附屬公司作 出貢獻或潛在貢獻的激勵或獎勵。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)

## Eligible persons

Under the Share Option Scheme, eligible persons include any fulltime or part-time employees, potential employees, executives or officers (including executive, non-executive and independent nonexecutive Directors) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and any suppliers, customers, agents and advisers who, in the sole opinion of the Board, has contributed or will contribute to the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Eligible Participants ').

## Maximum number of Shares

The maximum number of Shares pursuant to which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 80,000,000 Shares, which represented 10% of the then issued share capital of the Company as at the Listing Date and the date of this annual report. This limit may be renewed at any time provided that the new limit must not exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of the Shareholders' approval for the renewal.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Share Option Scheme, the Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of our Company at any time must not exceed 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under any schemes of our Company if such grant will result in this 30% limit being exceeded.

## Maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant

Unless approved by the Shareholders at general meeting, the maximum entitlement of each Eligible Participant is that the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the outstanding options granted and to be granted to such Eligible Participant (including exercised, outstanding and cancelled options) under the Share Option Scheme and other scheme(s) of the Company in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of grant.

## 購股權計劃 （續）

## 合資格人士

根據購股權計劃，合資格人士包括本公司或其任何附屬 公司任何全職或兼職僱員、潛在僱員、行政人員或高級 職員 （包括執行、非執行及獨立非執行董事） 以及董事會 全權認為已或將對本公司及╱或其任何附屬公司作出貢 獻的任何供應商、客戶、代理人及顧問 （統稱「 合資格 參與者 」 ） 。

## 股份數目上限

根據購股權計劃可能授出的購股權所涉及股份數目以 80,000,000 股 （即相當於本公司於上市日期及本年報日 期的當時已發行股本 10% ） 為限。此上限可隨時更新， 惟新上限不得超過股東批准更新當日已發行股份總數的 10% 。

不論購股權計劃有否任何相反規定，根據購股權計劃及 本公司任何其他購股權計劃已授出但有待行使的所有尚 未行使購股權獲悉數行使時可予發行的股份數目於任何 時間均不得超過不時已發行股份的 30% 。倘授出任何購 股權將導致超出此 30% 上限，則不得根據本公司的任何 計劃授出有關購股權。

## 每名合資格參與者的最高配額

除非股東於股東大會上批准，否則每名合資格參與者的 最高配額為於任何 12 個月期間根據購股權計劃及本公 司其他計劃向相關合資格參與者授出及將予授出的尚未 行使購股權 （包括已行使、尚未行使及已註銷的購股權） 獲行使時已發行及將予發行的股份總數，不得超過授出 日期的本公司已發行股本的 1% 。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (CONTINUED)

## Option period

An option may be exercised in whole or in part in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme, during a period notified or to be notified by the Board, provided that such period of time does not exceed 10 years commencing on the date on which the option is granted.

## Minimum period for which an option must be held before it is exercised

Each grantee under the Share Option Scheme shall be entitled to exercise his/her option in the manner set out in his/her offer document. The period within which an option may be exercised under the Share Option Scheme is determined by the Board at its absolute discretion, provided that such period is consistent with any other terms and condition of the Share Option Scheme.

## Payment on acceptance of the option

A nominal consideration of HK$1.00 is payable on or before the last day for acceptance of the option as set out in the offer document.

## Basis of determining the subscription price

The subscription price for Shares under the Share Option Schemes shall be at the absolute discretion of the Board, provided that it is not less than the highest of (a) the official closing price of the Shares as stated in daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange on the offer date; (b) the average of the official closing prices of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (c) the nominal value of a Share.

## The remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

The Share Option Scheme remains in force for 10 years from the Listing Date and ending on the tenth anniversary of the Listing Date (both days inclusive), unless otherwise terminated, cancelled or amended.

## 購股權計劃 （續）

## 購股權期間

購股權可於董事會通知或將予通知的期間內根據購股權 計劃的條款全部或部分行使，惟有關期間以購股權授出 日期起計 10 年為限。

## 行使購股權前必須持有的最短期限

購股權計劃項下各承授人均有權按各自要約文件所載方 式行使其購股權。根據購股權計劃可行使購股權的期間 由董事會全權酌情釐定，惟有關期間須與購股權計劃的 任何其他條款及條件一致。

## 接納購股權的付款

名義代價 1.00 港元須於要約文件所載接納購股權的最後 日期或之前支付。

## 釐定認購價的基準

購股權計劃項下股份的認購價將由董事會全權酌情釐 定，惟無論如何不得低於以下各項的最高者： (a) 股份於 要約日期在聯交所每日報價表所報正式收市價； (b) 股份 於緊接要約日期前五個營業日在聯交所每日報價表所報 平均正式收市價；及 (c) 股份面值。

## 購股權計劃的剩餘年期

除非以其他方式終止、註銷或修訂，否則購股權計劃於 上市日期至上市日期第十週年 （包括首尾兩日） 止 10 年 內生效。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT BENEFITS

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the ' MPF Scheme ')  in  Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) for employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made monthly at 5%, subject to a cap of HK1,500 of the employees' basic salaries by each of the Group and its employees and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme. Particulars of the employee retirement benefits of the Group are set out in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. The Group's contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme. Accordingly there were no forfeited contributions available for the Group to reduce its existing level of contributions to the MPF Scheme.

## PUBLIC FLOAT

As at the date of this report and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the minimum public float of 25% as required under the Listing Rules.

## AUDITOR

The financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 have been audited by BDO Limited who will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the annual general meeting of  the  Company. A resolution for the re-appointment of BDO Limited as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the 2022 AGM. There has been no change in auditor since the Listing Date.

## RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE THE COMPANY'S SECURITIES

At  no  time  during  the  year  ended  31  March  2022  was  the Company, or any of its holding companies or subsidiaries, or any of its  fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their respective associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) to have any right to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debenture of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## 僱員退休福利

本集團遵照香港法例第 485 章強制性公積金計劃條例為 合資格參與強制性公積金退休福利計劃 （ 「 強積金計劃 」 ） 的僱員在香港運行一項定額供款強積金計劃。供款由本 集團及其僱員各自每月按僱員基本薪金的 5% （以 1,500 港元為限） 作出，並於根據強積金計劃規則規定需要支 付時自損益扣除。強積金計劃資產與本集團資產分開以 獨立管理基金持有。本集團作出的僱主供款於向強積金 計劃作出供款時全數歸屬於僱員。本集團的僱員退休福 利詳情載於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合 財務報表附註 10 。本集團按強積金計劃作出之供款於 作出時全數歸屬於僱員。因此，本集團並無可用的被沒 收供款，以於減低強積金計劃之現有供款水平。

## 公眾持股量

於本報告日期，根據本公司可公開取得的資料及就董事 所深知，本公司維持上市規則所規定 25% 的最低公眾持 股量。

## 核數師

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的財務報表經香港 立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司審核，其將退任，惟符 合資格並願意於本公司股東週年大會上接受續聘。有關 續聘香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司為本公司核數 師的決議案將於二零二二年股東週年大會提呈。自上市 日期以來並無更換核數師。

## 收購本公司證券的權利

於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度任何時間，本公 司或其任何控股公司或附屬公司或其任何同系附屬公司 概無訂立任何安排，致使董事或本公司主要行政人員或 其各自的聯繫人 （定義見上市規則） 有權透過收購本公司 或任何其他法人團體的股份或債權證而獲益。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, save for the Share Option Scheme, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in respect of Shares.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, none of the Directors and directors of the Company's subsidiaries, or their respective associates had interests in businesses, which compete or are likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries as required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Saved as the related party transactions disclosed in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 in this report, no Controlling Shareholder had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance (whether for the provision of services to the Company or not) to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## CHANGES IN DIRECTOR'S BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS UNDER RULE 13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES

There has been no other change in Directors' biographical details which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## 股權掛鈎協議

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，除購股權計劃 外，本公司並無就股份訂立任何股權掛鈎協議。

## 董事於競爭業務的權益

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，概無董事及本公 司旗下附屬公司的董事或彼等各自的聯繫人於直接或間 接與本公司及其附屬公司的業務構成或可能構成競爭的 業務中擁有權益而須根據上市規則予以披露。

## 控股股東於重大合約的權益

除本報告截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財 務報表附註 28 所披露關聯方交易外，概無控股股東於 本公司或其任何附屬公司於截至二零二二年三月三十一 日止年度所訂立對本集團業務屬重要 （不論是否涉及向 本公司提供服務） 的任何重大合約中直接或間接擁有重 大權益。

## 上市規則第 13.51B(1) 條項下董事履歷變動

董事履歷於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度及直至 本報告日期止並無其他根據上市規則第 13.51B(1) 條須 予披露的變動。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

In order to avoid potential conflicts of interests with our Company, our Controlling Shareholders, namely Mr. Neil David Howard and Brilliant Blue Sky Limited, have entered into the Deed, pursuant to which they have undertaken, among others, not to compete with the business of the Group. Details of the Deed are set out in the section headed 'Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders Deed of Non-competition' in the Prospectus.

Each of the Controlling  Shareholders  has  made  a  written confirmation to the Board in respect of their compliance with the undertakings in the Deed during the year ended 31 March 2022.

Upon receiving the confirmations from the Controlling Shareholders, the independent non-executive Directors had reviewed the same as part  of  the  annual  review  process  and  confirmed  that  the Controlling Shareholders had complied with the Deed during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Subject to applicable laws, the Directors shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices, pursuant to the Articles. Such provisions were in force throughout the year ended 31 March 2022 and are currently in force. The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for Directors' liabilities in respect of legal actions that may be brought against the Directors.

## TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.

## 控股股東的不競爭承諾

為避免與本公司存在潛在利益衝突，控股股東 Neil David Howard 先生及 Brilliant Blue Sky Limited 訂立契據， 據此，彼等承諾 （其中包括） 不會與本集團的業務競爭。 有關契據的詳情載於招股章程「與控股股東的關係 -不競爭契據」一節。

各控股股東已就其於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年 度遵守契據項下承諾的情況向董事會作出書面確認。

接獲控股股東的確認後，獨立非執行董事已進行審閱以 作為年度審閱程序的一部分，並確認控股股東於截至二 零二二年三月三十一日止年度已遵守契據規定。

## 獲准許的彌償條文

在適用法例規限下及根據組織章程細則，董事可從本公 司的資產及溢利獲得彌償，並確保董事免就執行各自的 職務或應有職責因所作出或發生的作為或不作為而招致 或蒙受的所有訴訟、費用、收費、損失、損害及開支招 致任何損害。有關條文於截至二零二二年三月三十一日 止年度一直生效且現正生效中。本公司已就可能向董事 提出的法律訴訟投購適當的董事責任保險。

## 稅項減免

本公司並不知悉任何股東因持有股份而獲得任何稅項減 免。股東如對購買、持有、出售、買賣股份或行使任何 股份相關權利所引致的稅務後果有疑問，應諮詢彼等的 專業顧問。

## DIRECTORS' REPORT 董事會報告

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions undertaken in the ordinary course of business by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 in this report.

The related party transactions set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 constitute 'continuing connected transactions' (as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) which are fully exempted from the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group had not conducted any 'connected transaction' or 'continuing connected transaction' (as defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules) which is subject to reporting and annual review requirements under the Listing Rules.

All  references above to other sections, reports or notes in this annual report form part of this report.

On behalf of the Board Neil David Howard Chairman Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

## 關聯方交易

本集團於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度日常業務 過程中進行的關聯方交易詳情載於本報告截至二零二二 年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表附註 28 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表附 註 28 所載關聯方交易構成「持續關連交易」 （定義見上市 規則第 14A 章） ，惟獲全面豁免遵守上市規則第 14A 章 的披露規定。

## 關連交易

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團並無進行 任何須遵守上市規則項下申報及年度審閱規定的「關連 交易」或「持續關連交易」 （定義見上市規則第 14A 章） 。

上文提及的本年報其他章節、報告或附註均構成本報告 其中一部分。

代表董事會 主席

Neil David Howard 香港，二零二二年六月三十日

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

The Company is committed to fulfilling its responsibilities to the Shareholders and protecting and enhancing Shareholder value through good corporate governance. The Company has developed and implemented sound governance policies and measures, and the Board is responsible for performing such corporate governance duties. The Board will continue to review and monitor the corporate governance of the Company with reference to the CG Code so as to  maintain a high standard of corporate governance of the Company.

The Company confirms that, other than the deviation from Code Provision A.2.1, the Company has complied with all the Code Provisions throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.

Our Company complies with all the Code Provisions with the exception of Code Provision A.2.1, which requires the roles of chairman and chief executive be different individuals. Under Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Neil David Howard holds both positions. Mr. Howard has been primarily responsible for overseeing our Group's general  management and business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for our business management and operations since he joined our Group in 2006. Taking into account the continuation of management and the implementation of our business strategies, our Directors (including our independent non-executive Directors) consider it is most suitable for Mr. Howard to hold both the positions of chief executive officer  and  the  chairman  of  our  Board  and  the  present arrangements are beneficial to and in the interests of our Company and our Shareholders as a whole. Our Company will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and chief  executive  officer  of  our  Company  at  a  time  when  it  is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of our Group as a whole.

本公司致力履行對股東的責任，透過良好企業管治保障 及提升股東價值。本公司已制定及實施健全的管治政策 及措施，而董事會負責履行有關企業管治職責。董事會 將持續參照企管守則檢討及監督本公司的企業管治情 況，以維持本公司高水準的企業管治。

本公司確認，除偏離守則條文 A.2.1 外，截至二零二二 年三月三十一日止年度，本公司一直遵守所有守則條文 的規定。

本公司遵守所有守則條文，惟規定主席與行政總裁的角 色應由不同人士擔任的守則條文 A.2.1 除外。根據企管 守則的守則條文 A.2.1 ，主席與行政總裁的角色應有區 分，並不應由一人同時兼任。 Neil David Howard 先生兼 任兩個職務。自二零零六年加入本集團以來， Howard 先生一直主要負責監督本集團的整體管理及業務發展以 及就業務管理及營運制定業務策略及政策。考慮到管理 的持續及業務策略的實施，董事 （包括獨立非執行董事） 認為， Howard 先生同時擔任行政總裁及董事會主席職 務最為合適，當前安排屬有利且符合本公司及股東整體 利益。本公司將繼續檢討，並會在計及本集團整體情況 後考慮於適當及合適時候將董事會主席與本公司行政總 裁的角色分開。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Responsibilities

The Board is charged with promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising its affairs. The Board has general powers for the management and conduct of the Company's business. The day-to-day operations and management are delegated by the Board to the management of the Company, who will implement the strategy and direction as determined by the Board.

## Composition

The Company is committed to the view that the Board should include a balanced composition of executive and independent nonexecutive Directors so that the Board has a strong independent element, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.

Currently, the Board comprises two executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors:

The Composition of the Board during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report is as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Neil David Howard (Chairman and chief executive officer) Mr. Steven Paul Smithers

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Richard Gareth Williams

(stepped down on 4 October 2021) Mr. Robert Peter Andrews Mr. David John Kennedy Mr. Martin Woods (appointed on 4 October 2021)

The biographical details of each of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Biographies of Directors and Senior Management' of this report.

## 董事會

## 職責

董事會負責透過指導及監督本公司事務，推動本公司邁 向成功。董事會擁有管理及從事本公司業務的一般權 力。董事會將日常經營及管理權力授予本公司管理層負 責，管理層將執行董事會釐定的策略及指引。

## 組成

本公司一直認為董事會應具備執行董事與獨立非執行董 事的均衡組合，致使董事會具備高度獨立性，以便有效 作出獨立判斷。

目前，董事會包括兩名執行董事及三名獨立非執行董

事：

於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度及直至本年報日 期，董事會成員組成如下：

## 執行董事

Neil David Howard 先生 （主席兼行政總裁） Steven Paul Smithers 先生

## 獨立非執行董事

Richard Gareth Williams 先生

（於二零二一年十月四日退任）

Robert Peter Andrews 先生

David John Kennedy 先生

Martin Woods 先生

（於二零二一年十月四日獲委任）

各董事的履歷詳情載於本報告 「董事及高級管理層簡歷」 一節。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## Responsibilities of executive Directors

The executive Directors are responsible for the leadership and control of the Company and overseeing the Group's businesses development, strategic formulation and are collectively responsible for  promoting the success of the Company by directing and supervising its affairs.

## Responsibilities of independent non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors participate in the Board meetings to bring in an independent judgment to bear on the issues of strategy, policy, performance, accountability, resources, key appointments and standards of conducts and scrutinise the Company's performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives. They are also responsible for ensuring a high standard of financial and other mandatory reporting of the Board as well as providing a balance in the Board in order to effectively exercise an independent judgment on the corporate actions of the Company so as to protect Shareholders' interest and the overall interest of the Group.

Throughout the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company had three  independent non-executive Directors, which met the requirements of the Listing Rules that the number of independent non-executive Directors must represent at least one-third of the Board and should not be less than three, and that at least one of the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual confirmation of independence in writing pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the Board is satisfied that all the independent non-executive Directors have been independent and met the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report.

## Term of Directors

Each of the Directors has been appointed for an initial term of three years commencing from their respective dates and shall continue thereafter until it is terminated by either party by giving at least three months' prior notice in writing or otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of the service contract and letter of appointment entered between each of the Directors and the Company.

## 執行董事的職責

執行董事負責領導及監控本公司以及監督本集團的業務 發展及策略制定，並共同負責透過指導及監督本公司事 務，推動本公司邁向成功。

## 獨立非執行董事的職責

獨立非執行董事參與董事會會議，為有關策略、政策、 表現、問責制、資源、重要委任及行為準則等事宜提供 獨立判斷，並審視本公司於實現協定企業目標及宗旨方 面的表現。彼等亦負責確保董事會作出高水準的財務及 其他強制性匯報，並於董事會內提供平衡作用，務求有 效行使對本公司企業行動的獨立判斷，以保障股東利益 及本集團整體利益。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度全年，本公司有三 名獨立非執行董事，符合上市規則有關獨立非執行董事 人數須佔董事會成員人數至少三分之一且不得少於三 人，以及至少一名獨立非執行董事須具備適當專業資格 或會計或相關財務管理專業知識的規定。

各獨立非執行董事已根據上市規則第 3.13 條以書面作出 年度獨立性確認，而董事會信納，於截至二零二二年三 月三十一日止年度及直至本報告日期，全體獨立非執行 董事均具獨立性並符合上市規則第 3.13 條所載獨立性指 引。

## 董事任期

各董事的初步任期均由其各自的委任日期起計為期三 年，並將於其後繼續生效，直至任何一方發出不少於三 個月事先書面通知或根據各董事與本公司訂立的服務合 約及委聘書之條款及條件予以終止為止。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## Remuneration

The Directors and senior management receive remuneration in the form of salaries, allowances and other benefits, including our contribution on defined contribution retirement plans.

The aggregate amount of remuneration (including salaries, allowances, discretionary bonuses, other benefits and contributions to pension schemes) paid or payable to the Directors for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$11.3 million.

The remuneration of the Directors is determined with reference to salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and performance of the Group. Details of the remuneration of the Directors and senior management for the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022. In addition, pursuant to Code Provision B.1.5, the annual remuneration of members of the senior management by band for the year ended 31 March 2022 is set out below:

## Remuneration of the senior management by bands

## 薪酬

董事及高級管理層以薪金、津貼及其他福利 （包括定額 供款退休計劃供款） 的形式收取薪酬。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，已付或應付董事 的薪酬總額 （包括薪金、津貼、酌情花紅、其他福利及 退休計劃供款） 約為 11.3 百萬港元。

董事薪酬參照可資比較公司所付薪酬、董事所投放時間 及職責以及本集團表現而釐定。截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度的董事及高級管理層薪酬詳情載於截至 二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表附註 12 。此外，根據守則條文 B.1.5 ，高級管理層成員截至 二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的年度薪酬按組別劃分 如下：

## 按組別劃分的高級管理層薪酬

| Number of  senior  management  高級  管理層人數  Nil-HK$1,000,000  零至  1,000,000  港元  -  HK$1,000,001-HK$1,500,000  1,000,001  港元至  1,500,000  港元  2  HK$1,500,001-HK$2,000,000  1,500,001  港元至  2,000,000  港元  1  HK$2,000,001-HK$2,500,000  2,000,001  港元至  2,500,000  港元  1  HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000  2,500,001  港元至  3,000,000  港元  -  HK$3,000,001-HK$3,500,000  3,000,001  港元至  3,500,000  港元  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed in this report, (i) no remuneration was paid to the Directors or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining, our Group; (ii) no compensation was paid to, or receivable by, the Directors or past Directors or the five highest paid individuals during the year ended 31 March 2022 for the loss of office as director of any member of the Group or of any other office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member of the Group; and (iii) none of the Directors waived any emoluments during the same period.

Save as disclosed in this report, no Director or none of the five highest paid individuals has been paid in cash or shares or otherwise by any person either to induce him to become, or to qualify him as a Director, or otherwise for service rendered by him in connection with the promotion or formation of us.

除本報告披露者外， (i) 概無向董事或五名最高薪酬人士 支付任何薪酬，作為招攬或加入本集團時的獎勵； (ii) 於 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度並無就離任本集團 任何成員公司董事職務或與管理本集團任何成員公司事 務有關的任何其他職務向董事或前任董事或五名最高薪 酬人士支付或應付任何補償；及 (iii) 概無董事於同期放 棄任何薪酬。

除本報告披露者外，概無任何人士向任何董事或五名最 高薪酬人士支付現金或股份或其他報酬，以招攬其成為 或使其有資格成為董事或答謝其就我們的發起或組成提 供服務。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## Directors' induction and continuing professional development

Each of the Directors, namely, Mr. Neil David Howard, Mr. Steven Paul Smithers, Mr. Robert Peter Andrews, Mr. David John Kennedy and Mr. Martin Woods had participated in continuous professional development during the year ended 31 March 2022 by reading materials relating to duties and responsibilities of directors of a listed company in Hong Kong, the Listing Rules, anti-corruption and other applicable laws and regulations. The Company arranges suitable training for all the Directors in order to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills as part of their continuous professional development.

## Meetings of Board and Board committees and Directors' attendance records

Notice of regular Board meetings is served on all the Directors at least 14 days before the meeting. For other Board and Board committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given.

Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all Directors at least three days before each Board or Board committee meeting to keep Directors apprised of the latest developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to make informed decisions. The Board and each Director also have separate and independent access to the Senior Management of the Company where necessary.

The minutes of Board and Board committee meetings are kept by the company secretary and are open for inspection by any Director. The minutes of Board and Board committee meetings record in sufficient detail the matters considered and decisions reached, including any concerns raised by Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft and final versions of minutes are sent to all Directors for their comment and records respectively, within a reasonable time after the meetings are held.

## 董事就任須知及持續專業發展

各董事 （即 Neil David Howard 先生、 Steven Paul Smithers 先生、 Robert Peter Andrews 先生、 David John Kennedy 先生及 Martin Woods 先生）於截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度透過閱讀有關香港上市公司董事所承擔 職責、上市規則、防貪及其他適用法例及規例的材料， 參加持續專業發展。本公司為全體董事安排合適培訓， 以發展及增進其知識與技能，作為其持續專業發展的一 部分。

## 董事會及董事委員會會議以及董事出席記錄

常規董事會會議須於會議舉行前至少 14 日通知全體董 事。至於其他董事會及董事委員會會議，一般亦會發出 合理通知。

董事會文件連同一切適當、完備及可靠的資料將於各董 事會或董事委員會會議舉行前至少三日送呈全體董事， 以便董事了解本公司最近期發展及財務狀況以及作出知 情決定。董事會及各董事亦可於有需要時另行以獨立途 徑接觸本公司高級管理層。

董事會及董事委員會會議記錄由公司秘書保存，並可供 任何董事查閱。董事會及董事委員會會議記錄充分詳細 記錄所審議事項及決議，包括董事提出的任何疑慮或異 議。會議記錄的初稿及最終定稿將於會議舉行後的合理 時間內送呈全體董事以供評註及記錄。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

During the year ended 31 March 2022, one general meeting was held while four Board meetings were held whereat the Board, among others, (i) reviewed and approved the financial results for the year ended 31 March 2021; (ii) reviewed and approved the financial results for the six months ended 30 September 2021; (iii) considered and approved the overall strategies and policies of the Group; and (iv) considered and approved the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and the senior management. The attendance of individual Directors at the general meeting and Board meetings is set out in the following table:

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本公司舉行一次 股東大會，而董事會則舉行四次董事會會議以 （其中包 括） (i) 審閱及批准截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度 的財務業績； (ii) 審閱及批准截至二零二一年九月三十日 止六個月的財務業績； (iii) 考慮及批准本集團整體策略及 政策；及 (iv) 考慮及批准個別執行董事及高級管理層的 薪酬待遇。個別董事出席股東大會及董事會會議的記錄 載於下表：

| Attended/  Eligible to attend  已出席╱合資格出席  2021  Annual  General Meeting  Board  Meetings  Name of Directors  董事姓名  二零二一年  股東週年大會  董事會會議  Mr. Neil David Howard  Neil David Howard  先生  1/1  4/4  Mr. Steven Paul Smithers  Steven Paul Smithers  先生  1/1  4/4  Mr. Richard Gareth Williams  (stepped down on 4 October 2021)  Richard Gareth Williams  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日退任）  0/1  1/1  Mr. Robert Peter Andrews  Robert Peter Andrews  先生  1/1  4/4  Mr. David John Kennedy  David John Kennedy  先生  1/1  4/4  Mr. Martin Woods  (appointed on 4 October 2021)  Martin Woods  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日獲委任）  -  3/3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the Code Provision D.3.1. The Board reviewed the Company's corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of Directors and Senior Management, the Company's policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code and written employee guidelines, and the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this corporate governance report.

## 企業管治職能

董事會負責履行守則條文 D.3.1 所載職能。董事會審閱 本公司的企業管治政策及常規、董事及高級管理層的培 訓及持續專業發展、本公司遵守法律及法規要求的政策 及常規、遵守標準守則及書面員工指引的情況、本公司 遵守企管守則的情況及本企業管治報告所載披露事項。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Company has established three board committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Each of the Board committees operates under its terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## Audit committee

We have established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules on 20 September 2016. The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. David John Kennedy (Chairman), Mr. Robert Peter Andrews and Mr. Martin Woods.

The principal responsibilities of the Audit Committee include:

- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditor, approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and considering any questions of resignation or dismissal of that auditor;

## 董事委員會

本公司設有三個董事委員會，分別為審核委員會、薪酬 委員會及提名委員會。各董事委員會在其職權範圍內運 作。董事委員會的職權範圍載於本公司網站及聯交所網 站。

## 審核委員會

我們已於二零一六年九月二十日根據上市規則第 3.21 條 成立審核委員會。審核委員會由三名成員組成，分別為 David John Kennedy 先生 （主席） 、 Robert Peter Andrews 先生及 Martin Woods 先生。

## 審核委員會的主要職責包括：

- 就外聘核數師的委聘、續聘及解聘向董事會提出 推薦建議、批准外聘核數師的薪酬及聘用條款， 以及考慮任何有關該核數師辭任或解聘的問題；
- reviewing	and	monitoring	the	external	auditor's	independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards;
- 根據適用準則審查及監察外聘核數師的獨立性、 客觀性及核數程序的有效性；
- developing	and	implementing	a	policy	on	the	engagement	of an external auditor to supply non-audit services and reporting the  same  to  the  Board,  and  identifying  and  making recommendations on any matters in respect of which it considers that action or improvement is needed; ·
- 制定及執行聘任外聘核數師提供非核數服務的政 策，並就此向董事會匯報，以及識別其認為需要 行動或改善的任何事宜並就此提出推薦建議；
- discussing	with	the	external	auditor	before	the	audit commences, the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations, and ensuring proper co-ordination where more than one audit firm is involved; ·
- 於核數工作開始前先與外聘核數師討論核數性質 及範疇以及申報責任，若涉及多於一間核數公司， 則確保各公司之間妥為協調；
- discussing	problems	and	reservations	arising	from	the	interim and final audits, and any matters the external auditor may wish to discuss (in the absence of the Senior Management where necessary);
- 討論中期及年度核數過程中產生的問題及保留意 見，以及外聘核數師可能希望討論的任何事宜 （如 有需要，可要求高級管理層避席） ；

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

- monitoring	the	integrity	of	the	Company's	financial	statements, annual report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication, quarterly reports, and reviewing significant financial reporting judgements contained in them;
- 監察本公司財務報表、年度報告及賬目、半年度 報告及 （如為刊登而編製） 季度報告的完整性，並 審閱當中所載重大財務申報判斷；
- reviewing	the	Company's	financial	controls,	risk	management and internal control systems;
- 檢討本公司的財務監控、風險管理及內部監控制 度；
- discussing	the	risk	management	and	internal	control	systems with the Senior Management to ensure that the Senior Management has performed its duties in establishing and maintaining effective systems, including matters on adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company's accounting and financial reporting function; ·
- 與高級管理層討論風險管理及內部監控制度，確 保高級管理層已履行職責建立及維持有效的系統， 包括本公司在會計及財務申報職能方面的資源、 員工資歷及經驗、培訓課程及預算是否充足；
- considering	major	investigations	findings	on	risk	management and internal control matters as delegated by the Board or on its own initiative and the Senior Management's response to these findings; ·
- where	an	internal	audit	function	exists,	ensuring	co-ordination between the internal and external auditors, ensuring that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company, and reviewing and monitoring its effectiveness; ·
- 在董事會委託下或自發考慮有關風險管理及內部 監控事宜的重大調查結果以及高級管理層對有關 調查結果的回應；
- 倘存在內部審核職能，須確保內部核數師與外聘 核數師互相協調、確保內部審核部門獲提供足夠 資源及於本公司內具有適當地位，並檢討及監察 其有效性；
- reviewing	the	Group's	financial	and	accounting	policies	and practices;
- reviewing	the	external	auditor's	management	letter,	any material  queries  raised  by  such  auditor  to  the  Senior Management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and the Senior Management's response;
- ensuring	that	the	Board	will	provide	a	timely	response	to	the issues raised in the external auditor's management letter;
- 審閱本集團的財務及會計政策及常規；

•

- 審閱外聘核數師管理層函件、該核數師向高級管 理層提出任何有關會計記錄、財務賬目或監控制 度的重大查詢以及高級管理層的回應；
- 確保董事會及時回應外聘核數師管理層函件提出 的事宜；
- reporting	to	the	Board	on	the	matters	set	out	in	the	Audit Committee's terms of reference;
- 向董事會匯報審核委員會職權範圍所載事宜；
- reviewing	arrangements	employees	of	the	Company	can	use, in confidence, to raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters and ensuring that proper arrangements are in place for fair and i ndependent  investigation  of  these  matters  and  for appropriate follow-up action; ·
- 檢討本公司僱員可用以保密地提出有關財務申報、 內部監控或其他事宜的潛在不當行為的安排，並 確保作出適當安排以公平獨立地調查有關事宜及 採取適當跟進行動；

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

- acting	as	the	key	representative	body	for	overseeing	the Company's relations with the external auditor;
- establishing	 a	 whistle-blowing	 policy	 and	 system	 for employees of the Company and those who deal with the Company (e.g. customers and suppliers) to raise concerns, in confidence, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company;
- developing	and	reviewing	the	Company's	policies	and practices  on  corporate  governance  and  making recommendations to the Board;
- reviewing	and	monitoring	the	training	and	continuous professional development of the Directors and the Senior Management;
- reviewing	and	monitoring	the	Company's	policies	and practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- developing,	reviewing	and	monitoring	the	code	of	conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and the Directors;
- reviewing	the	Company's	compliance	with	the	CG	Code	and the disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report in the Company's annual report;
- reviewing	on-going	connected	transactions	of	the	Company and ensuring compliance with the terms of approval by the Shareholders;
- reviewing	the	findings	of	internal	investigations	and	the	Senior Management's responses in relation to any suspected fraud or irregularities or failures of internal controls or infringement of laws, rules and regulations; and
- considering	any	other	topics	as	determined	by	the	Board.
- 作為負責監察本公司與外聘核數師之間關係的主 要代表；
- 為本公司僱員及與本公司有往來人士 （如客戶及供 應商） 制定舉報政策及制度，供其保密地向審核委 員會提出涉及本公司的任何潛在不當行為；
- 制定及檢討本公司的企業管治政策及常規，並向 董事會提出推薦建議；
- 檢討及監察董事及高級管理層的培訓及持續專業 發展；
- 檢討及監察本公司在遵守法律及監管規定方面的 政策及常規；
- 制定、檢討及監察適用於僱員及董事的行為守則 及合規手冊 （如有） ；
- 檢討本公司遵守企管守則的情況及本公司年報內 企業管治報告所載披露事項；
- 審閱本公司的持續關連交易，確保其符合股東批 准的條款；
- 審閱內部調查的調查結果以及高級管理層對任何 涉嫌欺詐或違規行為或內部監控失當或違法違規 行為的回應；及
- 考慮董事會釐定的任何其他議題。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

During the year ended 31 March 2022, two Audit Committee meetings were held whereat the Audit Committee, among others, (i) reviewed the unaudited consolidated financial results of the Company for the six months ended 30 September 2021; and (ii) reviewed the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2021. The attendance of individual members is set out in the following table:

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，審核委員會舉行 兩次會議以 （其中包括） (i) 審閱本公司截至二零二一年九 月三十日止六個月的未經審核綜合財務業績；及 (ii) 審閱 本公司截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務 報表。個別成員的出席記錄載於下表：

| Name of committee members  Attended/  Eligible to attend  委員會成員姓名  已出席╱合資格出席  Mr. David John Kennedy  David John Kennedy  先生  2/2  Mr. Richard Gareth Williams  (stepped down on 4 October 2021)  Richard Gareth Williams  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日退任）  1/1  Mr. Robert Peter Andrews  Robert Peter Andrews  先生  2/2  Mr. Martin Woods  (appointed on 4 October 2021)  Martin Woods  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日獲委任）  1/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remuneration committee

## 薪酬委員會

We established the Remuneration Committee in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules on 20 September 2016. The Remuneration Committee consists of five members, namely Mr. Robert Peter Andrews (chairman), Mr. David John Kennedy, Mr. Martin Woods, Mr. Neil David Howard and Mr. Steven Paul Smithers. The principal responsibilities of the Remuneration Committee include:

我們已於二零一六年九月二十日根據上市規則第 3.25 條 成立薪酬委員會。薪酬委員會由五名成員組成，分別為 Robert Peter Andrews 先生 （主席） 、 David John Kennedy 先生、 Martin Woods 先生、 Neil David Howard 先生及 Steven Paul Smithers 先生。薪酬委員會的主要職責包 括：

- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	Company's policy and structure for the remuneration of all Directors and the Senior Management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing a remuneration policy; ·
- 就本公司涉及全體董事及高級管理層的薪酬政策 及結構以及制定正式透明薪酬政策的程序向董事 會提出推薦建議；
- reviewing	 and	 approving	 the	 Senior	 Management's remuneration proposals by reference to the Board's corporate goals and objectives;
- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and the Senior Management and such packages include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;
- 參考董事會的企業目標及宗旨審閱及批准高級管 理層的薪酬方案；

•

- 就個別執行董事及高級管理層的薪酬待遇向董事 會提出推薦建議，而有關待遇包括實物福利、退 休金權利及補償付款 （包括喪失或終止職務或委任 的任何應付補償） ；

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

- considering	salaries	paid	by	comparable	companies,	time commitment, responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group;
- reviewing	and	approving	compensation	payable	to	the executive Directors and the Senior Management for any loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair and not excessive;
- reviewing	and	approving	compensation	arrangements	relating to the dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;
- ensuring	that	no	Director	or	any	of	his/her	associates	(as defined in the Listing Rules) is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; and
- reviewing	the	Group's	policy	on	expense	reimbursements	for the Directors and the Senior Management.

The Remuneration Committee has adopted the model described in Code Provision  B.1.2(c)  (ii)  of  the  CG  Code  (i.e.  make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Director and Senior Management).

During the year ended 31 March 2022, two Remuneration Committee meetings were held whereat the Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the Board for consideration of the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and the senior management. The attendance of individual members is set out in the following table.

- 考慮可資比較公司所付薪金、所投放時間、職責 及本集團其他成員公司的僱用條件；
- 檢討及批准就執行董事及高級管理層喪失或終止 職務或委任應付的補償，以確保有關補償按合約 條款釐定或 （如未能按合約條款釐定） 屬公平且不 會造成過重負擔；
- 檢討及批准有關罷免或解聘行為不當董事的補償 安排，以確保有關安排按合約條款釐定或 （如未能 按合約條款釐定） 屬合理恰當；
- 確保概無董事或其任何聯繫人 （定義見上市規則） 參與釐定本身薪酬；及
- 審閱本集團的董事及高級管理層費用報銷政策。

薪酬委員會已採納企管守則的守則條文 B.1.2(c) (ii) 項下 模式 （即就個別執行董事及高級管理層的薪酬待遇向董 事會提出推薦建議） 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，薪酬委員會舉行 兩次會議以檢討個別執行董事及高級管理層的薪酬待遇 並就此提出推薦建議供董事會考慮。個別成員的出席記 錄載於下表。

| Name of committee members  Attended/  Eligible to attend  委員會成員姓名  已出席╱合資格出席  Mr. Robert Peter Andrews  Robert Peter Andrews  先生  2/2  Mr. David John Kennedy  David John Kennedy  先生  2/2  Mr. Richard Gareth Williams  (stepped down on 4 October 2021)  Richard Gareth Williams  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日退任）  1/1  Mr. Martin Woods  (appointed on 4 October 2021)  Martin Woods  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日獲委任）  1/1  Mr. Neil David Howard  Neil David Howard  先生  2/2  Mr. Steven Paul Smithers  Steven Paul Smithers  先生  2/2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## Nomination committee

We established the Nomination Committee in compliance with the CG Code on 20 September 2016. The Nomination Committee consists  of  five  members,  namely  Mr.  Neil  David  Howard (chairman), Mr. David John Kennedy, Mr. Robert Peter Andrews, Mr. Martin Woods and Mr. Steven Paul Smithers. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make recommendations to our Board on the appointment of our Directors and Senior Management.

The principal responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include:

- reviewing	the	structure,	size	and	composition	(including	the skills,  knowledge  and  experience  and  diversity  of perspectives) of the Board at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company's corporate strategy;
- identifying	individuals	suitably	qualified	to	become	Board members and selecting or making recommendations to the Board on the selection  of  individuals  nominated  for directorships, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board;
- assessing	the	independence	of	the	independent	nonexecutive Directors;

## 提名委員會

我們已於二零一六年九月二十日根據企管守則成立提名 委員會。提名委員會由五名成員組成，分別為 Neil David Howard 先生 （主席） 、 David John Kennedy 先生、 Robert Peter Andrews 先生、 Martin Woods 先生及 Steven Paul Smithers 先生。提名委員會的主要職責為就委任董事及 高級管理層向董事會提出推薦建議。

## 提名委員會的主要職責包括：

- 至少每年檢討董事會結構、規模及組成 （包括技 能、知識、經驗及觀點多元性） ，並就任何建議變 動向董事會提出推薦建議以完善本公司的企業策 略；
- 物色具備合適資格可勝任董事會成員的人士，並 於適當考慮董事會多元化的裨益後挑選提名董事 人選或就此向董事會提出推薦建議；
- 評估獨立非執行董事的獨立性；
- reviewing	the	Board	diversity	policy	of	the	Company,	as appropriate; and reviewing the measurable objectives that the Board has set for implementing such policy, and the progress on achieving the objectives; and
- 檢討本公司董事會成員多元化政策 （如適用） 並審 閱董事會為推行有關政策所設定可衡量目標及實 現該等目標的進度；及
- making	recommendations	to	the	Board	on	the	appointment or reappointment of Directors and succession planning for the Directors, in particular, the chairman and the chief executives. ·
- 就委任或重新委任董事及董事 （尤其是主席及行政 總裁） 的繼任計劃向董事會提出推薦建議。

During the year ended 31 March 2022, one Nomination Committee meeting was held whereat the Nomination Committee, among others, (i) assessed the independence of the independent nonexecutive  Directors;  (ii)  recommended  to  the  Board  for consideration the re-appointment of all the retiring Directors as Directors at the 2021 AGM; (iii) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board; and (iv) reviewed the Board diversity policy. The attendance of individual members is set out in the following table.

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，提名委員會舉行 一次會議以 （其中包括） (i) 評估獨立非執行董事的獨立性； (ii) 就於二零二一年股東週年大會上重新委任全體退任董 事為董事提出推薦建議以供董事會考慮； (iii) 檢討董事會 結構、規模及組成；及 (iv) 檢討董事會成員多元化政策。 個別成員的出席記錄載於下表。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

| Name of committee members  Attended/  Eligible to attend  委員會成員姓名  已出席╱合資格出席  Mr. Neil David Howard  Neil David Howard  先生  1/1  Mr. Steven Paul Smithers  Steven Paul Smithers  先生  1/1  Mr. David John Kennedy  David John Kennedy  先生  1/1  Mr. Robert Peter Andrews  Robert Peter Andrews  先生  1/1  Mr. Richard Gareth Williams  (stepped down on 4 October 2021)  Richard Gareth Williams  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日退任）  1/1  Mr. Martin Woods  (appointed on 4 October 2021)  Martin Woods  先生  （於二零二一年十月四日獲委任）  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Policy

The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the procedures and criteria for the selection, appointment and reappointment of the Directors. In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the Nomination Committee shall consider the candidates' character and integrity, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience, independence, diversity on the Board, willingness to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a Board member and such other criteria that are appropriate to the business of the Company.

## Board Diversity Policy

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In designing the Board's composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

## 提名政策

董事會已採納提名政策，當中載列甄選、委任及重新委 任董事的程序和準則。於評估及甄選董事候選人時，提 名委員會將考慮有關候選人的特點和誠信、專業資格、 技能、知識和經驗、獨立性、董事會的多元性、投放足 夠時間履行董事會成員職務的意願及適用於本公司業務 的該等其他準則。

## 董事會成員多元化政策

為達致可持續及均衡發展，本公司視董事會層面日益多 元化為支持其實現策略目標及維持可持續發展的關鍵元 素。在設計董事會組成時，從多方面考慮董事會多元 性，包括但不限於性別、年齡、文化及教育背景、種 族、專業經驗、技能、知識及服務年期。所有董事會委 任均以用人唯才為原則，並於考慮人選時以客觀條件充 分顧及董事會成員多元化的裨益。

甄選人選將基於一系列多元化標準，包括但不限於性 別、年齡、文化及教育背景、種族、專業經驗、技能、 知識及服務年期，最終視乎其長處及可為董事會帶來的 貢獻而決定。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions. Following specific enquires of all the Directors, all the Directors confirm that they have complied with the required standards of dealing as set out in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 March 2022.

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND REMUNERATION

BDO Limited is appointed as the external auditor of the Company.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the fees paid to BDO Limited for the audit of the annual financial statements of the Group were HK$920,000 (excluding the expenses on the non-audit service provided by BDO Limited).

The non-auditing services fees charged by BDO Limited in relation to the agreed-upon procedures performed on the interim financial results of the Group for the six months ended 30 September 2021 were approximately HK$87,000.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the consolidated financial statements which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flow during the reporting period. In preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022, the Directors have selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently, made judgments and estimates that are prudent, fair and reasonable and prepared the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis. There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. A statement from the external auditors about its reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements is set out on pages 101 to 106 of this report.

## 董事進行證券交易的標準守則

本公司已採納標準守則作為其進行證券交易的行為守 則。經向全體董事作出具體查詢後，全體董事確認，彼 等於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度內一直遵守標 準守則所載規定交易標準。

## 外聘核數師及酬金

香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司已獲委任為本公司 外聘核數師。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，就審核本集團全 年財務報表支付予香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司 的費用為 920,000 港元 （不包括香港立信德豪會計師事 務所有限公司提供非審核服務的開支） 。

香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司就本集團截至二零 二一年九月三十日止六個月的中期財務業績所進行協定 程序所收取非審核服務費用約 87,000 港元。

## 問責及審核

董事負責監督編製真實公平地反映本集團於報告期間的 事務狀況以及業績及現金流量的綜合財務報表。編製截 至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的綜合財務報表時， 董事已選擇適當的會計政策並貫徹應用、作出審慎而公 平合理的判斷及估計以及按持續經營基準編製綜合財務 報表。概無與可能對本公司持續經營能力構成重大疑問 的事件或狀況相關的任何重大不明朗因素。外聘核數師 有關綜合財務報表報告責任的聲明載於本報告第 101 至 106 頁。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## INTERNAL CONTROLS AND RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board is responsible for maintaining sound and effective internal control and risk management systems in order to safeguard the Group's assets and Shareholders' interests and reviewing the effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  and  risk management systems on an annual basis so as to ensure that internal  control  and  risk  management systems in place are adequate. The Company outsourced its internal audit function to an external consultant who reports directly to the Board. The internal audit function primarily carries out the analysis and independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the issuer's risk management and internal control systems, and reports their findings to the Board on, at least, an annual basis.

The Group's internal control system includes a well-established organisational structure with clearly defined lines of responsibility and authority. The day-to-day departmental operations are entrusted to individual department which is accountable for its own conduct and performance and is required to operate its own department's business within the scope of the delegated authority and to implement and strictly adhere to the strategies and policies set by the Company from time to time. Each department is also required to keep the Board informed of material developments of the department's business and implementation of the policies and strategies set by the Board on a regular basis.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Board had reviewed the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems of the Group to ensure that a sound system is maintained and operated by the management in compliance with the agreed procedures and standards. The review covered all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions. In particular, the Board considered the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programs and budget of the Company's accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions. The review was made by discussions with the management of the Company and the assessment conducted by the Audit Committee. The Board believes that the existing internal control system is adequate and effective, in particular, for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.

## 內部監控及風險管理

董事會負責維持健全有效的內部監控及風險管理制度， 以保障本集團資產及股東利益，並每年檢討本公司內部 監控及風險管理制度的成效，致力確保內部監控及風險 管理制度充足。本公司將其內部審核職能外判予直接向 董事會報告的外聘顧問。內部審核職能主要對發行人風 險管理及內部監控制度的充足性及有效性進行分析及獨 立評估，並至少每年向董事會報告調查結果。

本集團的內部監控制度包含完善組織架構，明確界定責 任及權限。日常部門運作交由個別部門負責，其須對本 身行為及表現承擔責任，並在授權範圍內處理所屬部門 事務，以及落實及嚴格奉行本公司不時制訂的策略及政 策。各部門亦須向董事會匯報部門事務的重大發展情 況，並定期執行董事會制定的政策及策略。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，董事會已檢討本 集團內部監控及風險管理制度的成效，以確保管理層按 照協定程序及標準維持及運作健全制度。有關檢討涵蓋 所有重大控制，包括財務、營運及合規控制以及風險管 理職能。董事會尤其考慮本公司會計、內部審核及財務 申報職能的資源、員工資歷及經驗、培訓計劃及預算是 否充足。檢討通過與本公司管理層的討論以及審核委員 會的評估而進行。董事會認為現行內部監控制度屬充足 有效，尤其於財務申報及遵守上市規則方面。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## INSIDE INFORMATION

With respect to procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information, the Company takes seriously of its obligations under Part XIVA of the SFO and the Listing Rules. The Company has adopted a Continuous Disclosure Compliance Policy which sets out guidelines and procedures to the Directors and officers of the Group to ensure inside information of the Group is to be disseminated to the public in an equal and timely manner. A flowchart has been improvised to provide guidelines for next action steps. The Company has also communicated to all relevant staff regarding the implementation of the Continuous Disclosure Compliance Policy and the relevant trainings are also provided.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

The Company's annual general meeting remains the principal forum for  dialogue  with  the  Shareholders.  The  Shareholders  are encouraged to participate in the proceedings and ask questions about the resolutions being proposed and the operations of the Group. The Articles allows a Shareholder entitled to attend and vote to appoint more than one proxy to attend and vote on behalf of the Shareholder and also provides that a proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company.

Code Provision E.1.3 stipulates that the issuer should arrange for the notice to shareholders to be sent in the case of the annual general meeting at least 20 clear business days before the meeting and in the case of all other general meetings at least 10 clear business days before the meeting. The Company has been in compliance with such code provision.

All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

## 內幕消息

就處理及發放內幕消息的程序及內部監控方面，本公司 嚴格按照證券及期貨條例第 XIVA 部及上市規則的規定 履行責任。本公司已採納持續披露合規政策，為董事及 本集團高級職員制定指引及程序，確保本集團內幕消息 平等及時地向公眾發放。本公司已制定簡易流程，以就 下一個行動步驟提供指引。本公司亦向全體相關員工傳 達實施持續披露合規政策，並提供相關培訓。

## 投資者關係及股東權利

本公司仍然視股東週年大會為與股東交流的主要平台， 鼓勵股東參與會議並就所提呈決議案及本集團運作提 問。組織章程細則允許有權出席及投票的股東委任多於 一名代表代其出席及投票，並規定受委代表毋須為本公 司股東。

守則條文 E.1.3 訂明，就股東週年大會而言，發行人應 安排在大會舉行前至少足 20 個營業日向股東發送通知， 而就所有其他股東大會而言，則須在大會舉行前至少足 10 個營業日發送通知。本公司一直遵守該守則條文的 規定。

所有於股東大會上提呈的決議案將根據上市規則以投票 方式表決，投票結果將於每次股東大會後登載於本公司 網站及聯交所網站。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

## Procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting

Pursuant to article 64 of the Articles, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary general meeting. Extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one or  more Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary for the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meeting

There are no provisions allowing Shareholders to propose new resolutions at the general meetings under the Cayman Islands Companies Law (2016 Revision). However, Shareholders who wish to propose resolutions may follow article 64 of the Articles for requisitioning an extraordinary general meeting and including a resolution at such meeting. The requirements and procedures of article 64 of the Articles are set out above. As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.

## Procedures for putting enquiries to the Company and contact details

Shareholders may, at any time, direct questions, request for publicly  available  information  and  provide  comments  and suggestions to the Directors or management of the Company. Such questions, requests and comments can be addressed to the Company by mail to 3/F, Bangkok Bank Building, 18 Bonham Strand West, Hong Kong or by email to ibi@ibi.com.hk  .

## 股東召開股東特別大會的程序

根據組織章程細則第 64 條，董事會可於其認為適合時 召開股東特別大會。股東特別大會亦可應一名或多名股 東 （於要求寄存當日持有不少於本公司有權於股東大會 上投票的實繳股本十分之一） 要求而召開。該項要求須 以書面向董事會或公司秘書提呈，以供董事會就處理該 要求內任何指定事務而要求召開股東特別大會。該大會 須於該項要求提交後兩個月內舉行。倘董事會於該項要 求提交後 21 日內未能召開該大會，則提出要求者本人 （彼等） 可以相同方式召開大會，而本公司須向提出要求 者償付其因董事會未能召開大會而產生的所有合理開支。

## 於股東大會提呈建議的程序

開曼群島公司法 （二零一六年修訂本） 並無條文允許股東 於股東大會提呈新決議案。然而，有意提呈決議案的股 東可遵循組織章程細則第 64 條要求召開股東特別大會 並將決議案納入該大會議程。組織章程細則第 64 條的 要求及程序載於上文。有關提名董事人選的程序可參閱 本公司網站。

## 向本公司發出查詢的程序及聯絡資料

股東可隨時向本公司董事或管理層提出問題、要求索取 公開資料及提供意見與建議。有關問題、要求及意見可 郵寄至香港文咸西街 18 號盤谷銀行大廈 3 樓或電郵至 ibi@ibi.com.hk 。

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 企業管治報告

Shareholders  should  direct  their  questions  about  their shareholdings by mail to the Company's Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (as from 15 August 2022, 17/F., Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong) or by telephone at (852) 2980-1333, who has been appointed by the Company to deal with Shareholders for share registration and related matters.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this report, there has not been any change in the Articles. The Articles are available on the websites of the Company (www.ibighl.com  ) and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk  ).

## COMPANY SECRETARY AND PRIMARY CONTACT OF THE COMPANY

Directors have access to the services of the company secretary to ensure that the Board procedures are followed. The company secretary of the Company is Mr. Yun Wah Man. He is currently a director of In.Corp Corporate Services (HK) Limited. The primary corporate contact person at the Company is Mr. Neil David Howard, the chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company. In compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Yun Wah Man has undertaken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the year ended 31 March 2022.

股東可將持股相關問題郵寄至本公司的香港股份過戶登 記分處卓佳證券登記有限公司 （地址為香港皇后大道東 183 號合和中心 54 樓 （自二零二二年八月十五日起為香 港金鐘夏慤道 16 號遠東金融中心 17 樓）或致電 (852) 2980-1333 。卓佳證券登記有限公司已獲本公司委任處 理股東的股份登記及相關事宜。

## 憲章文件

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度及直至本報告日 期， 組 織 章 程 細 則 並 無 任 何 改 動。 組 織 章 程 細則可於本公司網站 (www.ibighl.com  ) 及聯交所網站 (www.hkexnews.hk  ) 查閱。

## 本公司的公司秘書及主要聯絡人

董事可獲公司秘書提供服務，以確保董事會程序得到遵 守。本公司的公司秘書為文潤華先生。彼現為彥德企業 服務 （香港） 有限公司董事。本公司的主要企業聯絡人為 本公司董事會主席兼行政總裁 Neil David Howard 先生。 根據上市規則第 3.29 條，文潤華先生已於截至二零二二 年三月三十一日止年度接受不少於 15 小時的相關專業 培訓。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

IBI Group Holding Limited (The ' Group ' or ' IBI ') is a publicly listed holding company on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange '). The Group focuses on investments in the built environment and its subsidiaries including building contractors, a building solutions provider and a strategic investment division.

The Group is pleased to present the Environmental, Social and Governance (the ' ESG ') Report for the year ended 31 March 2022. The report captures the Group's efforts toward sustainable practices and development. The Group's ESG Report has been set out in accordance with the standards set forth by the Stock Exchange in its ESG Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the ' Listing Rules ').

Information disclosed and presented in this ESG Report follows the reporting principles required by the ESG Reporting Guide, i.e., materiality, quantitative, balance and consistency. The Group has complied with the 'comply or explain' provisions set out in the ESG Reporting Guide for the year ended 31 March 2022. The Group is dedicated to strengthening the information collection of the business in both Hong Kong and Macau with a view to enhance its sustainability performance and disclosures.

## A. GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Group's mission is to deliver premium products, quality services and superior customer experience with a strong emphasis on innovation, sustainability and wellness. With its mission at the heart of its business, the Board is committed to high standards of governance, ethics and transparency.

The  Board  is  actively  engaged  in  formulating  and implementing ESG strategy as well as overseeing risk management by ensuring appropriate and effective ESG risk management and mitigation. Three Board committees have been established, namely audit committee, remuneration committee and nomination committee, to govern relevant aspects of the Group's affairs. The Board committees oversee clearly defined duties to implement the Board's functions.

## STAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK

The Group welcomes stakeholders' feedback and opinion. Readers are welcome to share their views with us at ESG@ibi.com.hk  .

IBI Group Holding Limited （ 「 本集團 」或「 IBI 」 ） 為香港聯 合交易所有限公司 （ 「 聯交所 」 ） 主板的公眾上市控股公 司。本集團專注投資於建築環境及其附屬公司，包括建 築承建商、建築解決方案提供商及策略投資分部。

本集團欣然提呈截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的 環境、社會及管治 （ 「 ESG 」 ） 報告。報告記錄本集團為可 持續常規及發展作出的努力。本集團的 ESG 報告乃根據 聯交所在聯交所證券上市規則 （ 「 上市規則 」 ） 附錄二十七 項下 ESG 報告指引所規定標準而編製。

本 ESG 報告所披露及呈報的資料遵循 ESG 報告指引所 要求的報告原則，即重要性、量化、平衡及一致性。本 集團於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度已遵守 ESG 報告指引所載的「不遵守就解釋」條文。本集團致力於 加強香港及澳門業務的資料收集，以期提升其可持續發 展的表現及披露。

## A. 管治架構

本集團以交付優質產品、卓著服務及卓越客戶體 驗為使命，重點強調創新、可持續性及健康。秉 持其使命於業務初心，董事會致力於實現高標準 管治、道德及透明度。

董事會積極參與制定及落實 ESG 策略以及監察風 險管理，確保適當有效的 ESG 風險管理及舒緩措 施。董事會已成立三個委員會，即審核委員會、 薪酬委員會及提名委員會，以規管本集團事務的 相關方面。董事委員會明確監察規定的職責，以 履行董事會的職能。

## 持份者反饋

本集團歡迎持份者提供反饋及意見，亦歡迎讀者 通過 ESG@ibi.com.hk 與我們分享其觀點。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## B. REPORTING BOUNDARY

This ESG Report focuses on the Group's sustainability approach and performance in the environmental and social aspects of our business, primarily in Hong Kong and Macau for the year ended 31 March 2022.

This report captures qualitative and quantitative information from the three segments of the Group, namely contracting, building solutions and strategic investments.

<!-- image -->

## B. 匯報範圍

本 ESG 報告以本集團於截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度主要於香港及澳門的業務在環境 及社會可持續方面的措施及表現為重點。

本報告記錄本集團三個業務分部 （即承建、建築解 決方案及策略投資） 的定性及定量資料。

Contracting 承建

Building Solutions

建築解決方案

Strategic Investments 策略投資

## 承建

本集團透過其附屬公司 IBI Limited 、 IBI Projects 及 IBI Macau ，在香港及澳門提供世界級的室內裝修 及樓宇翻新服務。在主要充當主承建商的同時， 本集團對項目管理、協調、安全及質量控制的各 個方面負全責，但並非直接參與實際施工。

本集團已交付許多領先能源與環境設計 （ 「 LEED 」 ） 及綠色建築環境評估法 （ 「 BEAM 」 ） Plus 認證的項 目。本集團及其締約方非常自豪地執行負責任施 工及盡可能遵循與垃圾管理及再循環的最佳實踐。

## Contracting

Through its subsidiaries - IBI Limited, IBI Projects and IBI Macau, the Group provides world-class interior fitting outs and building refurbishment services in Hong Kong and Macau. Whilst acting predominantly as a main contractor, the Group takes on the overall responsibility for all aspects of project management, coordination, safety and quality control but do not directly undertake the physical construction works.

The Group delivered many projects under Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (' LEED ')  and Building Environmental  Assessment  Method  (' BEAM ')  Plus certifications. The Group and its contracting parties take great pride by implementing responsible construction and following best practices for waste management and recycling wherever possible.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## Building Solutions

Building Solutions Limited (' BSL ')  supplies products and services that enhance the performance and well-being of the built  environment by creating modern, healthy and highperforming spaces for the occupants.

## Strategic Investments

The Group established the strategic investments division to make efficient use of its available capital, to expand its reach both geographically and enter new market sectors.

## C. REPORTING PRINCIPLES

## C.1  Materiality

The Group held discussions with senior management and operational staff across departments to identify material topics for its business. The topics have been identified based on their relative importance for the activities of the Group and its stakeholders. The material ESG issues are listed below:

Table 1: List of Material Topics

## Building Solutions

Building Solutions Limited （ 「 BSL 」 ） 提供可提升建 築環境的表現及福祉的產品及服務，為用者創造 現代、健康及高性能的空間。

## 策略投資

本集團成立策略投資分部是為了有效利用其可用 資金，擴大其地域覆蓋範圍並進入新的市場領域。

## C. 匯報原則

## C.1 重要性

本集團已與各部門高級管理層及業務人員進 行討論，以識別其業務的重要議題。議題乃 根據其對本集團業務及其持份者的相關重要 性識別。重要 ESG 事宜列示如下：

表 1

：重大議題清單

| ESG aspects as set forth in the ESG  Reporting Guide  Material ESG Issues  ESG  報告指引所載  ESG  層面  重要  ESG  事宜  Environmental  環境  A1  Emissions  •  Emissions	from	Electricity	and	Paper	Usage  排放物  用電及用紙所引致排放物  •  Non-hazardous	solid	waste	emission  無害固體廢物排放  A2  Use of Resources  •  Electricity	usage  資源使用  用電  A3  The Environment and natural resources  •  Measures	in	reducing	environmental	impact  環境及天然資源  減少環境影響的措施  A4  Climate Related Physical Risk  •  Physical	impacts	of	climate	change  氣候相關實體風險  氣候變化的實體影響   |
|---|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

| ESG aspects as set forth in the ESG  Reporting Guide  Material ESG Issues  ESG  報告指引所載  ESG  層面  重要  ESG  事宜  Social  社會  B1  Employment  •  Labour	Policy	&amp;	Practices  僱傭  勞工政策及常規  B2  Health and Safety  •  Workplace	health	and	safety  健康與安全  工作環境的健康及安全  B3  Development and training  •  Staff	development	and	training  發展及培訓  員工發展及培訓  B4  Labour Standards  •  Anti-child	and	forced	labour  勞工準則  反童工及強制勞工  B5  Supply Chain management  •  Supplier	management  供應鏈管理  供應商管理  B6  Product responsibility  •  Product	and	service	responsibility,	quality	assurance,  customer service, safeguarding customer assets  產品責任  產品及服務責任、質素保證、客戶服務、保障客戶資產  B7  Anti-Corruption  •  Anti-Corruption	policy  反貪污  反貪污政策  B8  Community Investment  •  Community	involvement  社區投資  社區參與   |
|---|

## C.2  Quantitative &amp; Consistency

The guidance for reporting on Greenhouse Gas (' GHG ') emissions set out above is based on the Environment Protection  Department's (' EPD ')  'Guidelines  to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential, or Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong' issued by Electrical and Mechanical Services Department and Environmental Protection Department. The Group confirms that no change has been made from previous years to the date of this ESG Report.

## C.2 量化及一致性

上文所載溫室氣體 （ 「 溫室氣體 」 ） 排放的報告 指引乃基於機電工程署和環境保護署發佈的 環境保護署 （ 「 環境保護署 」 ） 的 《香港建築物 （商業、住宅或公共用途） 的溫室氣體排放及 減除的核算和報告指引》 。本集團確認，自 過往年度直至本 ESG 報告日期並無作出變動。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## D. ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT

IBI Limited and IBI Projects Limited, the subsidiaries of the Company, have obtained ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Systems (' EMS ')  Certification.  EMS is an internationally recognised standard for the development of policies and procedures intended to enhance environmental performance, achieve environmental objectives and help in fulfilling  compliance obligations for an organisation. The Group aims to continue to act and conduct business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner.

The Group provides guidance, briefing and training to subcontractors and site workers regarding the Air Pollution Control Ordinance and Water Pollution Control Ordinance and its subsidiary regulations in Hong Kong. The Group is not directly involved with the physical construction work, but it has project managers in charge to monitor the air pollution and wastewater treatment to ensure the compliance with the regulations.

The Group has adopted 'EMS Best Practise Procedures'. The document details the best practises for 'Responsible Construction'. The Group's specialist subcontractors perform the labour intensive and skilled trade works of the projects. Subcontractors directly control the pollution management and waste treatment, while the Group's 'EMS Best Practise Procedure' provides pollution and wastage treatment guidelines and plays a monitoring role to ensure that the controls and procedures comply with the relevant regulations.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group did not have any cases of environmental prosecution (2021: 0). The Group will continue to do its best for the environment.

<!-- image -->

The  Group  provides  training  and  guidelines  to  its subcontractors on a project-by-project basis and monitors the subcontractors to follow the requirements regarding the relevant undermentioned legislations and regulations.

## D. 環境足跡

本公司附屬公司 IBI Limited 及 IBI Projects Limited 擁有 ISO 14001 ： 2015 環境管理體系 （ 「 EMS 」 ） 認 證。 EMS 乃制定企業環保政策及程序的國際認可 標準，旨在提升企業環境表現、實現企業的環境 目標及助力企業履行合規責任。本集團的目標是 繼續以對社會及環境負責的態度行事及經營業務。

本集團於香港向分包商及地盤工人提供有關 《空氣 污染管制條例》 、 《水污染管制條例》 及其附屬規例 指引、簡報及培訓。本集團並無直接參與實際施 工，但其設有負責監督空氣污染及廢水處理的項 目經理，以確保符合規定。

本集團已採用「 EMS 最佳實踐程序」 。該文件詳細 介紹「責任建設」的最佳實踐。本集團的專門分包 商為項目進行勞動密集型及技術性貿易工作。分 包商直接控制污染管理及廢物處理，而本集團的 「 EMS 最佳實踐程序」提供污染及廢物處理指引， 並發揮監督作用以確保控制及程序符合相關規定。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團並 無發生任何環境公益訴訟案件 （二零二一年： 0 件） 。本集團將繼續盡最大努力保護環境。

## Responsible Construction 責任建設

- Reduce Emission
- -減少排放
- Manage Waste
- -管理廢物

本集團按個別項目基準向其分包商提供培訓及指 導，並監督分包商遵守有關下述法律及法規的要 求。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

Table 2: List of laws and regulations

表 2 ：法律及規例列表

| Category  類別  Relevant laws and regulations  相關法律及規例  General  整體  Environmental Impact Assessment Ordinance (Cap. 499)  《環境影響評估條例》 （第  499  章）  Hong Kong Planning Standards and Guidelines  香港規劃標準與準則  Air  空氣  Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 311)  《空氣污染管制條例》 （第  311  章）  Hong Kong Air Quality Objectives  香港空氣質素指標  Air Pollution Control (Construction Dust) Regulation (Cap. 311R)  《空氣污染管制 （建造工程塵埃） 規例》  （第  311R  章）  Water  水  Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 358)  《水污染管制條例》 （第  358  章）  Water Quality Objectives  海水水質指標  Waste  廢棄物  Summary Offences Ordinance (Cap. 228)  《簡易程序治罪條例》 （第  228  章）  Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance (Cap. 59)  《工廠及工業經營條例》 （第  59  章）  Waste Disposal Ordinance (Cap. 354)  《廢物處置條例》 （第  354  章）  Public Cleansing and Prevention of Nuisances (Regional Council) By-law (Cap. 132BJ)  《公眾潔淨及防止妨擾 （區域市政局） 附例》  （第  132BJ  章）  Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance (Cap. 132)  《公眾衛生及市政條例》 （第  132  章）  Waste Disposal (Chemical Waste) (General) Regulations (Cap. 354C)  《廢物處理 （化學廢物）  （一般） 規例》  （第  354C  章）  Practice Note for Authorised Persons 144: Control of Environmental Nuisance from  Construction Sites (August 1997)  認可人士作業備考編號  144  ：管制建築地盤對環境造成的滋擾 （一九九七年八月）   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## D.1  Reduce Emission

The Group is committed to keeping its emissions under check. The Group does not have any direct emission due to its nature of business and has identified two main indirect sources of emissions for its business. They are indirect emissions resulting from the disposal of non-hazardous waste and the use of electricity at its office  and project sites. In its efforts to reduce its carbon footprint, the Group has implemented the measures listed in the section titled - 'D.3 Use of resources' in this report.

Another source of emissions is paper used in office, which the Group manages to offset a major part by recycling the used paper. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group collected and recycled 0.18 tonnes of paper used in office. In addition, the Group has internal policies to efficiently manage the use of paper.

Direct emissions by the Group's sub-contractors mainly comprises electricity usage on site. As the electricity is provided by the customers, the Group did not record for this emission.

The following table shows the GHG emissions recorded by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022:

## Table 3: Emission Footprint

## D.1 減少排放

本集團致力於控制其排放。由於其業務性 質，本集團並無任何直接排放，並已確定其 業務的兩個主要間接排放源。彼等乃由於處 置無害廢物以及在其辦公室及項目現場使用 電力而產生的間接排放。為減少碳足跡，本 集團已實施本報告 -「 D.3 資源使用」一節 中載列的措施。

另一排放源為辦公室用紙，本集團設法通過 回收用過的紙張抵銷大部分排放。於截至二 零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團收集 及回收辦公室用紙 0.18 噸。此外，本集團制 定有效管理紙張使用的內部政策。

本集團分包商的直接排放主要包括現場用 電。由於電力由客戶提供，本集團並無錄得 此項排放。

下表列示本集團於截至二零二二年三月 三十一日止年度錄得的溫室氣體排放：

表 3 ：排放足跡

| Emission Indicators  2022  2021  排放物指標  二零二二年  二零二一年  Scope 1 - Direct emissions  範疇一  -  直接排放物  0  0  Scope 2 - Indirect emissions  範疇二  -  間接排放物  - Electricity (Tonnes CO2e) #  -  電力 （噸二氧化碳當量）  #  48.17  49.68  Scope 3 - Other emissions  (Tonnes CO2e)  範疇三  -  其他排放物  （噸二氧化碳當量）  - Paper Consumption  -  紙張消耗  11.23  11.20  Total emission (Tonnes CO2e)  總排放量 （噸二氧化碳當量）  59.40  60.88  Total emission per floor area  (Tonnes/Sq. ft)  按樓面面積計算的總排放量  （噸╱平方尺）  0.01  0.01  Total emission per employee  (Tonnes/employee)  按員工計算的總排放量  （噸╱員工）  0.61  0.63   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# The guidance for reporting on GHG emissions set out above is based on the EPD's Guidelines to account for and report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purpose) in Hong Kong issued by Electrical and Mechanical services Department and Environmental Protection Department

#

上文所載有關報告溫室氣體排放的指引乃以機 電工程署及環境保護署頒佈的環保署 《香港建 築物 （商業、住宅或公共用途） 的溫室氣體排放 及減除的核算和報告指引》 為基準。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## D.2  Manage Waste

The Group has a waste management plan in place pertaining to reduction, avoidance, recycling, reusing and disposal of waste.

The Group ensures minimal waste by increasing its efficiency  through  avoiding  excess  purchase  of materials and other methods to limit the amount of waste that is generated during its refurbishment services.

The Group is dedicated to minimising construction waste as well as ensuring that the disposal of waste generated at construction sites complies with the local regulations. The hazardous waste generated is minimal since the work carried out does not directly lead to the generation of hazardous waste.

Hazardous waste generated by subcontractors at the construction sites is primarily paint cans and fluorescent lamp tubes. Subcontractors are required to comply with a set of waste management procedures for handling hazardous and non-hazardous waste, which must be collected and disposed of by qualified and licensed waste collectors in accordance with the applicable regulations.

Any waste that is hazardous is treated carefully and disposed of properly by subcontractors. The Group ensures that registered chemical waste collectors approved by EPD are appointed by subcontractors. The Group also has a procedure to monitor the disposal circumstances to ensure that it is safe to the public and in compliance with the local regulations.

In relation to the non-hazardous waste, the Group has a system in place to record the quantities of different wastes that are disposed of. The Group separates recyclable waste into four categories, namely metal, paper, plastic and aluminium. The Group temporarily stores its waste at a designated area and puts them into separate containers which are suitable for storage of the waste.

## D.2 管理廢棄物

本集團已製定有關減少、避免、回收、再利 用和處置廢物的廢物管理計劃。

本集團通過避免過度購買材料及其他方法來 限制翻新服務期間產生的廢物量，從而提高 效率，確保廢物最少。

本集團致力盡量減少建築廢物，並確保建築 地盤產生的廢物處置符合當地法規。產生的 有害廢物極少，原因為所進行工作並不會直 接產生有害廢物。

分包商於建築地盤所產生有害廢物主要為油 漆罐及熒光燈管。分包商須遵守一套處理有 害及無害廢物的廢物管理程序，有關廢物須 根據適用規例由合資格及持牌廢物收集商收 集及處置。

分包商審慎處理及妥善處置所有有害廢物。 本集團確保分包商委任獲環保署批准的登記 化學廢物收集商。本集團亦設有程序監察處 置情況，從而確保公眾安全及符合當地法規。

至於無害廢物方面，本集團設有系統記錄所 處置不同廢物的數量。本集團將回收廢物分 為四類：金屬、紙張、塑膠及鋁。本集團將 廢物暫存在指定區域，隨後放入適當存儲廢 物的個別容器中。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The Group disposes of the waste off-site as soon as practicable in order to optimise the storage space available on-site. The Group always maintains good housekeeping in the storage area and ensures that it handles all waste properly. The Group plans each project comprehensively to ensure that proper handling and disposal of waste is done. The Group also identifies a disposal company to help it with the disposal. The quantities of waste generated are as follows:

## Table 4: Quantity of Waste Generated

本集團於可行情況下盡快將廢物作場外處 置，以便騰出場內儲存空間。本集團時刻維 持儲存區的良好管理，並確保所有廢物得到 妥善處理。本集團全面規劃每個項目，以確 保妥善處理及處置廢物。本集團亦物色一家 出售公司協助其進行出售。產生的廢物量如 下：

表 4 ：產生的廢物量

| Waste Types  2022  2021  廢物類別  二零二二年  二零二一年  Non-hazardous construction  waste (tonnes)  無害建築廢物量 （噸）  641.58  508.51  Paper consumption (tonnes)  紙張消耗量 （噸）  2.34  2.33  Total non-hazardous waste (tonnes)  無害廢物總量 （噸）  643.92  510.84  Total waste per construction  project (tonnes/project)  按建築項目計算的廢物總量  （噸╱項目）  58.54  39.30  Total waste per revenue  (tonnes/million dollar)  按收益計算的廢物總量  （噸╱百萬元）  1.59  0.92   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant  impact  on  it  relating  to  air  and  GHG emissions, discharges into water and land and the generation of hazardous waste.

本集團並無發現任何與廢氣及溫室氣體排 放、向水及土地的排污以及有害廢棄物的產 生有關且對其構成重大影響的事宜嚴重違反 相關法律及規例。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## D.3  Use of Resources

## D.3.1  Resource Management at Office

The Group has procedures in place for its employees to follow in order to reduce the number of resources and electricity used by and emissions generated from appliances, electrical equipment and lighting that is used in its offices. The implementation of the above procedures has l e d  to  stable  water,  electricity  and  paper consumption in the Group's offices.

Resource Management Practises followed by the Group:

- LED and T5 fluorescent tubes
- Master shut down switch to turn off office equipment and lighting during non-office hours
- Procurement of environmentally friendly electronic appliances
- Installation of motion sensors for lights to save electricity in the office
- Segregation of waste in the office area
- Encourage digital communication and minimise printing
- Signage in the office to encourage efficient use of water
- Printing Guidance encouraging sensible printing like green notes, print double-side policy, reuse single-sided printed paper

## D.3 資源使用

## D.3.1 辦公室資源管理

本集團已製定程序供其員工遵守，以 減少其辦公室使用的電器、電氣設備 及照明所使用的資源和電力數量以及 產生的排放量。上述程序的實施使本 集團辦公室的水、電及紙消耗量穩定。

## 本集團遵循的資源管理實踐：

- LED 及 T5 熒光燈
- 在非辦公時間關閉辦公設備及照 明的主關機開關
- 採購環保家電
- 在辦公室安裝燈光運動傳感器以 節省電力
- 辦公區的垃圾分類
- 鼓勵數字通信，並儘量減少打印
- 在辦公室張貼標識，以鼓勵有效 用水
- 鼓勵合理印刷的印刷指南，如綠 色標語、雙面印刷政策、重複使 用單面印刷紙

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## D.3.2 Resource Management at Construction Sites

The Group understands the importance of resources and has mechanisms in place to use resources more efficiently. The Group provides proper training to its staff, subcontractors and site workers on how to use the equipment and materials in  a  safe,  productive  and  efficient manner. New staff members are trained upon joining, while existing staff are given refresher training approximately in every six months.

The Group encourages its subcontractors to be mindful when carrying out their duties to reduce waste and welcomes any suggestions from them on  managing  or  reducing  waste  at  the construction sites. The Group budgets and buys materials on an as-needed basis to avoid over purchasing of materials and to efficiently reduce wastage at the construction sites. The Group encourages its subcontractors to continue using the remaining materials in future projects to minimise the overall wastage at the construction sites.

## D.3.3 Water Utilisation

Based on the nature of its business, the Group has not identified any issues in sourcing water. The water consumption is limited to the water usage in the office which is supplied by the landlord of the properties and the water used at site is provided by the customers. Thus, water usage is considered to have minimal effect to the Group's business operation. The Group will continue  to  enforce  prevention  control  by encouraging all staff to follow the water-saving practice established by it.

## D.3.2 建築地盤的資源管理

本集團深明資源的重要性，並已建立 機制以善用資源。本集團為員工、分 包商及地盤工人提供適當培訓，說明 如何安全高效地使用設備及物料。新 員工在加入時接受培訓，而現有員工 大約每六個月接受一次進修培訓。

本集團鼓勵分包商在履行職責時注意 減少浪費，亦歡迎彼等提出的任何有 關管理或減少建築地盤廢物的建議。 本集團視乎需要預算及採購物料，以 避免過度採購材料及有效減少建築地 盤廢物。本集團鼓勵分包商將剩餘物 料用於未來項目，盡可能減少建築地 盤整體浪費。

## D.3.3 用水

基於業務性質，本集團於取得水源上 並無發現任何問題。耗水僅限於辦公 室用水，有關用水由物業業主供應， 而場地用水由客戶提供。因此，用水 被視為對本集團業務營運的影響甚微。 本集團將透過鼓勵全體員工遵循其制 定的節省用水措施，繼續加強預防控 制。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The electricity consumed at the Hong Kong office is  the Group's major energy consumption. The consumption data during the year ended 31 March 2022 is shown in the following table:

Table 5: Consumption Data

本集團的主要能源消耗源自香港辦公 室用電。截至二零二二年三月三十一 日止年度的消耗數據載於下表：

表 5 ：消耗數據

| Energy Consumption  2022  2021  能源消耗  二零二二年  二零二一年  Total electricity consumption (kwh)  總耗電量 （千瓦時）  67,853  62,886  Total electricity consumption  per floor area (kwh/sq. ft)  按樓面面積計算的總耗電量  （千瓦時╱平方尺）  7.68  7.12  Total electricity consumption  per employee (kwh/employee)  按員工計算的總耗電量  （千瓦時╱員工）  692  648   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- # The guidance for reporting on GHG emissions set out above is based on the EPD's Guidelines to account  for  and  report  on  Greenhouse  Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or Institutional Purpose) in Hong Kong i ssued  by  Electrical  and  Mechanical  services Department  and  Environmental  Protection Department

Our overall energy consumption level per floor area remained consistent in 2022 as compared to 2021.

The Group is committed to reducing the energy consumption. Following are the emissions targets set by the Group:

## Table 6: Emissions Target and Steps Taken

#

上文所載有關報告溫室氣體排放的指引 乃以機電工程署及環境保護署頒佈的環 保署 《香港建築物 （商業、住宅或公共用 途） 的溫室氣體排放及減除的核算和報 告指引》 為基準。

我們於二零二二年按樓面面積計算的 整體能源消耗水平與二零二一年保持 一致。

本集團致力減少能源消耗。以下是本 集團設定的排放目標：

## 表 6 ：排放目標及採取的措施

| Emission &amp; Resource Efficiency Targets  Steps taken  排放及資源效率目標  採取的措施  Reduce the electricity usage in the office and  on sites by not less than 3%  Use energy efficient lighting  辦公室及地盤用電量減少不低於  3%  使用節能照明  Reduce paper consumption in the office and  on sites by minimum 3%  Provide recycle bins in the office area  辦公室及地盤的紙張消耗量減少至少  3%  於辦公範圍設置回收箱  Reduce usage of protective materials  Using greener and more environmentally  friendly materials for protection  減少防護材料的使用  使用更綠色環保的材料進行防護   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## D.4  The Environment and Natural Resources

The Group sets appropriate air pollution control system measures on site and wastewater treatment procedures for  its  subcontractors. The Group's site managers, safety and environmental officers and foremen are responsible to carry out site inspection procedures to monitor the performance of the subcontractors and to present their feedback during the evaluation process. The Group aids its customers to get LEED and BEAM Plus certification. It helps the Group and its customers to demonstrate commitment through projects certified as 'Green Building'.

## LEED Projects:

The Group has in the past engaged in many LEED projects with its customers and has vast experience in these types of projects. LEED projects are a popular green building certification aimed at helping the Group's customers who choose to have LEED certification to be environmentally  responsible  and  use  resources efficiently in their refurbishment, redecoration design and implementation.

LEED certified buildings save money, improve efficiency, lower carbon emissions and create healthier places for people. They are critical parts of addressing climate change and meeting ESG goals, enhancing resilience and supporting more equitable communities.

To achieve LEED certification, a project earns points by adhering to prerequisites and credits that address carbon, energy, water, waste, transportation, materials, health and indoor environmental quality.

## D.4 環境及天然資源

本集團為分包商在地盤設立適當的空氣污染 控制系統措施及廢水處理程序。本集團的地 盤經理、安全環保主管及工頭負責執行地盤 檢查程序以監督分包商的表現，並在評估過 程中反映其意見。本集團協助其客戶取得 LEED 及 BEAM Plus 認證。其通過獲認證為 「綠色建築」的項目幫助本集團及其客戶證明 其承諾。

## LEED 項目：

本集團過去與客戶合作參與多個 LEED 項目， 並對此類型項目具有豐富經驗。 LEED 項目 為著名綠色建築認證，旨在協助選擇 LEED 認證的本集團客戶對環境負責並在整修、翻 新設計及實施過程中有效利用資源。

獲得 LEED 認證的建築可以節省資金、提高 效率、降低碳排放並為人們創造更健康的環 境。其乃應對氣候變化及實現 ESG 目標、增 強韌性及支持更公平的社區的關鍵部分。

為獲得 LEED 認證，項目通過遵守涉及碳、 能源、水、廢物、運輸、材料、健康及室內 環境質量的先決條件及信譽來獲得積分。

<!-- image -->

The Group offers its customers LEED design and implementation services should they wish to have LEED certification as part of its refurbishment services.

如果客戶有意獲得 LEED 認證，作為其翻新 服務的一部分，本集團會為其客戶提供 LEED 設計及實施服務。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## BEAM Plus Projects:

The Group has also engaged in many BEAM Plus Interiors projects. BEAM Plus (formerly known as HKBEAM) is on a per capita basis of the most widely used voluntary green building certification schemes of its kind in the world.

The  Group  offers  its  customers  BEAM  Plus implementation services should they wish to have BEAM certification as part of its refurbishment services.

The basis of credits is comprised of many aspects ( Environmental,  Social,  Building  Performance, Regionally Responsiveness &amp; Scientific Rigour).

During the year ended 31 March 2022, one BEAM Plus Interiors  project  was  completed  (2021:2)  for  the Group's customers.

## 綠建環評項目：

本集團亦參與了許多綠建環評室內建築項 目。綠建環評 （前稱為港建築環境評估法） 是 按人均計算，世界上使用最廣泛的自願綠色 建築認證計劃之一。

倘客戶希望將綠建環評認證作為其翻新服務 的一部分，本集團為彼等提供綠建環評實施 服務。

評分的基礎包括多方面 -（環境、社會、建 築性能、區域響應性及科學嚴謹性） 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集 團為客戶完成了一個綠建環評室內建築項目 （二零二一年：兩個） 。

<!-- image -->

## D.5 氣候變化

氣候變化是全球關注的議題，尤其是在像香 港這樣的沿海地區。該等地區的社區正經歷 著極端天氣事件強度及頻率的增加及海平面 的上升。

本集團的營運可能會受到強風暴或洪水等災 難性事件的干擾。該等事件的發生可能對本 集團的營運造成不利影響，並可能需大量支 出及恢復時間方能恢復營運。本集團於選擇 辦事處的地點時已考慮到該等潛在的風險， 亦將確保具備充足的保險保障。

## D.5  Climate Change

Climate change is a global concern, especially in coastal areas like Hong Kong. The communities of these areas are experiencing increased intensity and frequency of extreme weather events and rising sea levels.

The  Group's  operations  may  get  disrupted  by catastrophic events such as severe storms or floods. The occurrence of these events could adversely affect the Group's operations and may require substantial expenditure and recovery time in order to resume operations. The Group has taken these potential risks into account when selecting locations for the offices and will also ensure that adequate insurance coverage is in place.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E. SOCIAL FOOTPRINT

## E.1 Care for Employees

The Group understands the importance of the impact that employees have on it and its reputation, and aims to provide its employees with a happy, healthy and safe working environment.

## E. 社會足跡

## E.1 關懷員工

本集團深明員工對本集團及其聲譽影響的重 要性，致力為員工打造愉快、健康及安全的 工作環境。

## Key Initiatives promoting Happy, Healthy and Safe Working Environment

## 促進愉快、健康及安全工作環境的主要舉措

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The Group's staff handbook is well established and issued to all employees for their reference pertaining to office rules and benefits such as typhoon arrangements, annual leave, working hours, office attire, jury duty, salary and lunch hours as well as other rules and benefits.

The Group provides health and safety and other developmental trainings to its employees. In addition, the Group has appropriate whistleblowing and ethics procedures in place for its employees to follow without fear of reprisal or receiving any negative feedback.

The Group is dedicated to offer equal opportunities and a fair  and  diverse work environment. The Group's recruitment process is non-discriminatory and is solely based on the employees' performance, experience and skills.

Employees' remuneration is commensurate with their job nature, qualifications and experience. Salaries are subject  to  an  annual  review  that  is  based  on performance appraisals and other relevant factors. The Group also encourages internal promotions and a variety of job opportunities are offered to the existing staff as and when they arise.

In addition to the statutory holidays, the Group takes care of the special needs of employees through a comprehensive leave system, providing marriage leave, compassionate leave and paternity leave.

本集團已制定完善的員工手冊，當中載列諸 如颱風安排、年假、工作時間、辦公室裝 束、陪審員安排、薪金及午餐時間等辦公室 規章及福利以及其他規則及福利，並發給全 體員工以供參考。

本集團為員工提供健康安全及其他發展培 訓。此外，本集團亦設有正規舉報及道德程 序，讓員工毋須害怕報復或收到任何負面評 價。

本集團致力於提供平等機會及公平多樣的工 作環境。本集團的招聘過程並無歧視，完全 基於僱員表現、經驗及技能考量。

僱員薪酬與其工作性質、資歷及經驗相稱。 我們根據僱員表現考核及其他相關因素每年 審閱薪金。本集團亦鼓勵內部晉升，並於適 合時機為現有員工提供各種工作機會。

除法定假期外，本集團透過綜合休假制度， 提供婚假、恩恤假及侍產假，以顧及僱員的 特殊需要。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

Table 7: Employment Details

表 7

：僱員明細

| Particulars  Nos.  % Of  Total Staff  Staff  Turnover Rate  詳情  人數  佔員工總數  百分比  員工流失率  Employment Type  僱傭類型  Full Time  全職  96  98%  3%  Part Time  兼職  2  2%  0%  Total  總計  98  100%  Gender  性別  Male  男性  72  73%  3%  Female  女性  26  27%  1%  Total  總計  98  100%  Age Group  年齡組別  18-30  18-30  歲  22  23%  4%  31-40  31-40  歲  34  35%  3%  41-50  41-50  歲  24  24%  2%  50 or above  50  歲以上  18  18%  2%  Total  總計  98  100%  Geographical Region  地理區域  Macau  澳門  4  4%  0%  Hong Kong  香港  94  96%  3%  Total  總計  98  100%  Employee Categories  僱員類別  Senior Management  高級管理層  7  7%  0%  Middle Management  中級管理層  20  20%  0%  General Staff  一般員工  71  73%  4%  Total  總計  98  100%  Service Period  服務年期  - Less than 5 Years  - 5  年內  61  63%  4%  - 5 to 10 Years  - 5  至  10  年  13  13%  2%  - Over 10 Years  - 10  年以上  24  24%  1%  Total  總計  98  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of 31 March 2022, 13% (2021: 15%) of the Group's employees had worked for over 5 years and 24% (2021: 25%) of its employees had worked for more than 10 years in the Group.

截至二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團 13% （二零二一年： 15% ） 員工於本集團工作 5 年 以上，而效力本集團超過十年的員工佔 24% （二零二一年： 25% ） 。

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The Group strictly abides by the following laws and regulations relating to staff remuneration and benefits:

Table 8: List of Laws and Regulations

本集團嚴格遵守以下有關員工薪酬福利的法 律及規例：

表

8 ：法律及規例列表

| Category  Relevant laws and regulations  類別  相關法律及規例  For Employees and  Subcontractors  Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance and the Construction Sites (Safety)  Regulations in Hong Kong  就僱員及分包商而言  香港 《職業安全及健康條例》 及 《建築地盤 （安全） 規例》  General Regulation of Working Safety and Hygiene in the Construction Industry  in Macau  澳門 《施工行業工作安全與衛生通用條例》  Employment Ordinance in Hong Kong  香港 《僱傭條例》  Labour Relations Law in Macau  澳門 《勞動關係法》   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on it relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest  periods,  equal  opportunity,  diversity,  antidiscrimination and other benefits and welfare.

## E.2 Occupational Health and Safety

IBI Limited and IBI Projects Limited, subsidiaries of the Company, are ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health &amp; Safety Management Systems Certified. This certification sets out occupational health and safety requirements and best practices. ISO 45001 is a framework that sets out a range of standards that can help the Group to put controls, policies and procedures in place to achieve good working conditions and workplace health and safety. This framework is internationally recognised for setting forth best practices and provides certified companies with a range of benefits such as identifying hazards and how to manage them, creating good working conditions, reducing workplace accidents and engaging and motivating staff.

本集團並無發現任何嚴重違反與薪酬及解 僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機 會、多元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及福利有 關且對其構成重大影響的相關法律及規例的 情況。

## E.2 職業健康與安全

本公司附屬公司 IBI Limited 及 IBI Projects Limited 已取得 ISO 45001 ： 2018 職業健康與 安全管理體系認證。此認證規範職業健康與 安全要求及最佳常規。 ISO 45001 規定一系 列標準框架，有助本集團制定控制、政策及 程序，以實現良好工作條件及確保工作場所 健康與安全。此框架在訂明最佳常規方面得 到國際認可，並為獲認證公司提供一系列禆 益，例如識別危害及其管理方法、創造良好 工作條件、減少工作場所事故及吸引與激勵 員工。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The Group understands the importance of occupational health and safety and aims to continually improve, reduce workplace hazards, increase employee motivation and be in compliance with ISO 45001:2018 standards. For details on training related to health and safety, please refer to 'E.3 Development and Training'.

The Group also has a Safety, Environmental and Quality Manager in charge to oversee the site and ensure that it is safe for staff members to carry out their daily duties.

The Group provides staff with a modern, clean breakout area which includes showers, sofas, TV, pantry and dining area in the head office. Further, the Group also provides staff with safety and health training as well as regular employee safety and health memos for their reference. These memos are for the benefit of the staff to ensure that they use the office equipment safely and that there is minimal chance of occupational hazards taking place in the offices.

Apart from training, benefits and safeguards, the Group also advocates a healthy work-life balance for all employees.  Due  to  Covid-19,  the  Group  has suspended all recreational staff events during the year to prevent group gatherings. Through the Group's employee recognition programs, it felicitates its loyal staff for their years of hard dedication, loyal service and positive contribution to the Group. Unfortunately, there was one fatal incident attributable to a subcontractor.

The Group is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.

## Table 9: Count of Incidents

本集團深明職業健康與安全的重要性，致力 不斷改進、減少工作場所危害、增加員工積 極性及遵守 ISO 45001 ： 2018 標準。有關健 康及安全培訓的詳情，請參閱「 E.3 發展及培 訓」 。

本集團亦設有安全、環境及質量總監，負責 監督現場，確保員工安全執行日常職責。

本集團於總部為員工打造整潔的現代化休憩 區，當中設有淋浴設備、沙發、電視機、茶 水間及飲食區。此外，本集團亦為員工提供 安全及健康培訓，並定期備有僱員安全健康 備忘錄以供參考。該等備忘錄以員工的福祉 為依歸，確保員工安全使用辦公設備，將辦 公室的職業危害機率降至最低。

除提供培訓、福利及保障外，本集團亦鼓勵 全體員工追求健康的工作與生活平衡。由於 Covid-19 ，為防止群組聚集，本集團已於本 年度暫停所有員工娛樂活動。通過員工表彰 計劃，本集團感謝各忠誠員工多年來盡忠職 守、竭誠服務及為本集團作出寶貴貢獻。不 幸的是，發生了一起由分包商造成的死亡事 故。

本集團並無發現任何嚴重違反與提供安全工 作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害有關且對 本集團構成重大影響的相關法律及規例的情 況。

表 9 ：事故次數

| Occupational Health and Safety Statistics  2022  職業健康及安全統計  二零二二年  Number of lost days due to work injury  因工傷而損失的工作天數  378  Number of work injuries due to work  attributable to subcontractors  由分包商造成的因工負傷人數  3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.3 Development and Training

The Group provides comprehensive health and safety trainings that include, but not limited to, induction to the Group's safety system and identification of the safety duties, group safety policy and updates on changes to legislations and regulations to all new and existing staff on a bi-yearly basis to ensure they understand the importance of safety and how to operate the machines and keep the site  clear  of  hazards.  The  Group implemented an Environmental Management Plan (' EMP ')  for  its  refurbishment  work  which  will  be followed by all team members and the Safety and Environmental team helps to supervise and monitor the implementation of the EMP. These plans, procedures and policies are in place to ensure that the Group provides a safe working environment and to protect its employees from hazards.

The table below shows the details of Health and Safety training for the office and site staff. 100% of the staff attended minimum required training.

## Table 10: Total Training Hours

## E.3 發展及培訓

本集團每半年向所有新入職及現有員工提供 全面健康及安全培訓，包括但不限於本集團 安全系統及識別安全職責入門培訓、集團安 全政策及提供法例及規例變動的最新消息， 以確保員工了解安全的重要性以及如何使用 機器及讓地盤遠離危害。本集團為整修工作 制定環境管理計劃 （ 「 EMP 」 ） ，全體團隊成 員必須加以遵守，而安全環保團隊協助監督 及監控 EMP 的實施。實施該等計劃、程序及 政策旨在確保本集團提供安全工作環境，保 護員工免受危害。

下表展示為辦公室及地盤員工提供的健康安 全培訓詳情。全體員工均參加了規定最低時 數的培訓。

表 10 ：總培訓時數

| Male  Female  Senior  Management  Middle  Management  General  Staff  男性  女性  高級管理層  中級管理層  一般員工  No. of training hours  attended  已參加培訓時數  249  96  23  70  252  No. of staff attended training  已參加培訓員工數目  72  26  7  20  71  Average training hours  completed per trained staff  平均每名受訓員工  已完成培訓時數  3.46  3.69  3.29  3.50  3.55   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group provides sufficient safety trainings to subcontractors. The training contents include site safety introduction and proper usage of equipment. The following shows the details of the Group's safety training of its subcontractor workers.

本集團為分包商提供充足的安全培訓。培訓 內容包括地盤安全指示及正確使用設備。以 下為本集團為其分包商工人提供的安全培訓 的詳情。

Safety Training to subcontractors 為分商提供安全培訓

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.4 Labour Standards

The Group has an equal opportunity policy in place which explains its policy on having a work environment that is free of discrimination and that all employees have equal opportunity regardless of age, marital status, pregnancy status, race and religion. The Group advocates a work-life balance at the workplace and managers are available to communicate with the staff t o  ensure  the  staff  to  raise  their  concerns  or suggestions for management's consideration.

The Group also has an anti-child and forced labour policy for its companies, employees, suppliers and subcontractors to follow. The Group does not employ or advocate the employment of children or of people who are forced to work. All workers are employed on a voluntary basis with agreed terms and are not forced or coerced into working for the Group.

The Group is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on it relating to preventing child and forced labour.

## E.5  Supply Chain Management

The Group strictly abides by the Supply of Services (Implied Terms) Ordinance (Chapter 457 of the Laws of Hong Kong). It maintains an approved suppliers and subcontractor  list.  The  potential  suppliers  and subcontractors are evaluated on the basis of quality of product, compliance history, reputation, functional fit of the product and potential environmental and social risks. The Group performs comprehensive checks on new suppliers and subcontractors and continues the evaluation on an ongoing basis. Unless a supplier is specified by customer, the Group only selects suppliers from this list. The Group understands the importance of environmental protection and encourages its suppliers and subcontractors to follow  its  environmental management system.

## E.4 勞工準則

本集團已制定平等機會政策，當中闡述其對 打造不存在歧視的工作環境的政策，全體員 工均享有平等機會，不受年齡、婚姻狀況、 懷孕狀況、種族及宗教信仰所影響。本集團 在工作場所提倡工作與生活平衡，且員工可 與管理人員溝通，以確保員工可提出關注或 建議以供管理層考慮。

本集團亦為其公司、員工、供應商及分包商 制定反童工及強制勞工政策。本集團絕不僱 用或主張僱用童工或強制勞工。全體工人均 按照約定條件自願受僱，絕非強迫或強制為 本集團勞動。

本集團並無發現任何嚴重違反與防止童工及 強制勞工有關且對其構成重大影響的相關法 律及規例的情況。

## E.5 供應鏈管理

本集團嚴格遵守香港法例第 457 章服務提供 （隱含條款） 條例，並備有經批准的供應商及 分包商名單。本集團根據產品質量、合規歷 史、聲譽、產品的功能適合性及潛在的環境 及社會風險對潛在供應商及分包商進行評 估。本集團對新供應商及分包商進行全面核 查，並持續進行評估。除非客户指定供應 商，否則本集團僅從名單中選擇供應商。本 集團深明環保的重要性，鼓勵其供應商及分 包商遵循環境管理制度。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

The Group provides training and guidance to its subcontractors and vendors for every project including its  environmental management system and relevant guidelines. All subcontractors and suppliers are rated after  the  completion  of  each  job  by  the  Group's tendering director, based on feedback from the project staff records, which are kept for the staffs' reference. The rating is based on numerous aspects such as quality, safety, environmental and social risk, health and other aspects.

The Group further performs annual review on its suppliers and subcontractors' performance. It rates and discusses their performance in different aspects including price, quality, delivery, health and safety, as well  as  environmental  and  social  aspects.  The evaluation record serves as the starting point of the Group's selection of subcontractors for its future projects.

Supply  chain  risk  management  is  an  integral component in the quality control system of the Group. To cater to the social and environmental concerns of its customers, the Group recognises the importance of ensuring a sustainable supply chain management. The Group ensures purchase of material from specific suppliers as and when requested by a customer in order to cater to their priority of sustainable materials. All suppliers are notified of the Group's environmental and social standards during the annual assessment, encouraging them to produce materials in a sustainable way.

Table 11: Number of Suppliers

本集團為各項目的分包商及供應商提供培訓 及指引，包括環境管理制度及相關指引。本 集團招標總監將於所有分包商及供應商完成 每項工作後根據項目員工記錄所示意見反饋 給予評級，並保留有關記錄以便員工參考。 有關評級以質量、安全、環境及社會風險、 健康以及其他方面為基準。

本集團亦每年檢討供應商及分包商的表現。 其基於彼等於價格、質量、交付、健康與安 全、環境及社會等不同方面的表現加以評級 及討論。評估記錄作為本集團日後挑選項目 分包商的起點。

供應鏈風險管理乃本集團質量控制體系中不 可或缺的組成部分。為迎合客户對社會及環 境的關注，本集團深知確保可持續供應鏈管 理的重要性。本集團確保於客户提出要求時 向指定供應商購買材料，以迎合彼等對可持 續材料的優先考慮。於進行年度評估時，本 集團會告知所有供應商其環境及社會標準， 並鼓勵彼等以可持續的方式生產材料。

表 11 ：供應商數目

| Number of Suppliers  by Geographical Region  按地理區域劃分的供應商數目  Count  數目  - HK  -  香港  351  - China  -  中國  3  - Macau  -  澳門  1  - Any other please add name  (USA, UK, Australia, Finland, Germany,  Indonesia, Italy, Singapore, Norway, Spain,  Switzerland and Taiwan)  -  任何其他供應商請註明名稱  （美國、英國、澳大利亞、芬蘭、  德國、印度尼西亞、義大利、  新加坡、挪威、西班牙、  瑞士及台灣）  28   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.6 Product Responsibility

IBI Limited and IBI Projects Limited, the subsidiaries of the Group, have obtained ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems Certification. This certification is an internationally recognised qualification relating to product quality management systems. There are quality principles relating to customer focus, leadership, engagement  of  people,  process  approach, improvement, evidence-based decision making and relationship management. The Group takes the quality of its project delivery seriously and acts in accordance with the ISO principles and aims to ensure that it continues to have high customer satisfaction and meet customer expectations. The ISO 9001 helps to give the Group guidance on best practices and policies for it to use to ensure that its Quality Management Systems are maintained at a high standard and that it can continue to  make improvements on customer satisfaction, employee motivation and other current practices. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group had no product recalls or complaints.

The Group understands the importance of sales service and strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations. The Group is proud to be in compliance with the Supply of Services (Implied Terms) Ordinance in Hong Kong which pertains to sales.

The staff  are  required  to  report  any  enquiries  or complaints to their supervisors and they shall be recorded and tracked in the log sheet.

The Group takes its obligation to customers seriously and aims to continue delivering high quality fitouts and A&amp;A services for customers across the region. the Group engages with its customers and asks for feedback from each project. It works with its customers to deliver desired results and strives to maintain a high degree of customer satisfaction. The Directors are in charge of making sure that it can meet its customers' requirements in areas such as quality, environmental concerns, safety, cost, time schedule, customer data protection and customer privacy.

## E.6 產品責任

本公司附屬公司 IBI Limited 及 IBI Projects Limited 擁有 ISO 9001 ： 2015 質量管理體系 認證。此認證涉及產品質量管理體系的國際 認可資格，對客戶關注、領導力、人員參 與、流程方法、改進、循證決策及關係管理 訂有質量原則。本集團認真對待項目交付的 質量，按照 ISO 原則行事，致力確保維持高 客戶滿意度及滿足客戶期望。 ISO 9001 有助 於指導本集團採用最佳常規及政策，確保質 量管理體系維持高標準以及本集團可持續提 高客戶滿意度、促進員工積極性及改善其他 現行常規。截至二零二二年三月三十一日止 年度，本集團並無產品召回或投訴的情況。

本集團深知銷售服務的重要性，並嚴格遵守 相關法律法規。本集團以能遵守香港有關銷 售的 《服務提供 （隱含條款） 條例》 為榮。

如有任何查詢或投訴，員工須向主管匯報， 記錄於工作記錄表並跟進。

本集團認真實踐對客戶的承諾，致力持續為 區內客戶提供優質裝修及 A&amp;A 服務。本集團 與客戶溝通以了解每個項目的反饋。本集團 與客戶合作以實現預期成果，力求維持高客 戶滿意度。董事負責確保能夠在質量、環境 議題、安全、成本、時間表、客戶數據保護 及客戶隱私等方面滿足客戶的要求。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.6.1  Data Privacy

The Group highly values the protection of intellectual property rights for both the group and third parties. Continuous reviews and standard employment contract containing relevant clauses become the first  line  of  defence  against confidential  information  leakage.  The  Group strictly  abides  by  Personal  Data  (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

The data collected from the group's customers is maintained in accordance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance applicable in Hong Kong. Specifically, strict guidelines are followed by the Groups' employees to ensure privacy of its customers. The employees of the Group are required to obtain consent from customers before they  collect  customers'  personal  data.  All confidential information is properly stored and encrypted and only authorised business personnel have access to them.

The Group is not aware of any material noncompliance with the relevant laws and regulations that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to services provided and methods of redress.

## E.6.1 數據私隱

本集團高度重視保護本集團及第三方的知識 產權。持續審閱及載有相關條款的標準僱用 合約乃保密資料洩露的第一道防線。本集團 嚴格遵守香港法例第 486 章 《個人資料 （私隱） 條例》 。

本集團收集其客戶的數據根據香港適用 《個 人資料 （私隱） 條例》 加以備存。尤其是，本 集團員工遵守嚴苛指引以確保其客戶的私 隱。本集團員工須取得客戶同意後才能收集 客戶的個人資料。所有保密資料妥為儲存及 加密，且僅由獲授權的業務專員查閱。

本集團並無發現任何嚴重違反與所提供服務 的健康與安全、廣告、標籤及私隱事宜以及 補救方法有關且對本集團構成重大影響的相 關法律及規例的情況。

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.7 Anti-Corruption

The Group implements an anti-corruption and whistleblowing policy that states any bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering behaviour will not be tolerated by the Group. The Group also strictly adheres to Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong).

The Group provides its staff with proper whistle-blowing channels so that they can raise concerns when needed, without fear of reprisal or any negative impacts. The Group's employees have been informed through printed anti-corruption material for the same.

The Group encourages its employees to voice their opinions and it will not take any negative action against staff for voicing out their concerns through the proper whistle-blowing channels. The Group fully supports its employees to raise concerns in good faith and the mentioned issues are discussed by management and dealt with in a professional and appropriate manner. There were no legal cases regarding corruption during the year ended 31 March 2022.

The Group is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.

## E.7 反貪污

本集團施行反貪污及舉報政策，訂明本集團 絕不容許任何賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢行 為。本集團亦嚴格遵守香港法例第 201 章 《防 止賄賂條例》 。

本集團為其員工提供正規舉報渠道，讓員工 於有需要時提出問題而毋須害怕報復或受到 任何負面影響。本集團員工已透過反貪污印 刷材料了解有關舉報事項。

本集團鼓勵其員工發表意見，且絕不會對通 過正規舉報渠道提出問題的員工採取任何負 面行動。本集團全力支持員工真誠提出問 題，而管理層將討論並以專業適當方式處理 有關問題。於截至二零二二年三月三十一日 止年度，概無有關貪污的司法案件。

本集團並無發現任何嚴重違反與防止賄賂、 勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢有關且對本集團構成重 大影響的相關法律及規例的情況。

## Four Principles for the Group and Employees

本集團及員工的四項準則

Prohibited from paying or receiving a bribe of any kind

禁止任何形式的行賄或受賄

Required to observe the Group's guidelines in relation to the giving and receiving of gifts and hospitality

必須遵守本集團有關發放及 收取禮品及招待的指引

Prohibited from giving or offering anything of value to a public official 禁止向公務員發放或

提供任何貴重物品

Required to fully comply with the applicable laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering and terrorist financing

必須全面遵守有關反洗錢及 恐怖主義融資的適⽤法律及法規

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## E.8  Community Investment

The Group cares for the youth and those who are less fortunate in society and aims to do its part in supporting the  local  community  by  making  donations  and supporting local charities. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group provided internships to students who participated in the student Industrial Attachment Programme run by the Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education (IVE).

The Group has made following community donations:

Table 12: Community Investments

## Name 名稱

The Lighthouse Club Hong Kong Benevolent Fund 明建會香港慈善基金 Mother's Choice 母親的抉擇

The Zubin Mahtani Gidumal Foundation Limited - donation to support ethnic minority families 小彬紀念基金會有限公司 - 捐款支援少數族裔家庭

Hong Kong society for protection of children - donations towards the necessities of children 香港保護兒童會 - 為兒童日常所需品作出捐款

Other than donations, the Group actively encourages i t s  staff  to  serve  the  community.  The  Group  will continue to do its part to help those who are in need and are less fortunate in society by making further future donations and encouraging staff to get involved in charity works.

<!-- image -->

除捐款以外，本集團積極鼓勵其員工參與社 區服務。本集團日後將繼續踴躍捐款及鼓勵 員工參與慈善工作，積極協助社會上有需要 人士及弱勢社群。

## E.8 社區投資

本集團關心青少年及社會弱勢社群，致力透 過捐款以及支援本地慈善機構為當地社區出 一分力。於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止 年度，本集團向參與香港專業教育學院 (IVE) 籌辦的學生工作實習計劃的學生提供實習機 會。

本集團已作出如下社區捐款：

表格 12

：社區投資

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE ESG REPORTING GUIDE CONTENT INDEX

香港聯交所 ESG 報告指引內容索引表

| Aspects from  Appendix 27  Disclosure  Sections in ESG Report  附錄二十七所述層面  披露  於  ESG  報告中的章節  ## Mandatory Disclosure Requirements  強制披露規定  13. Governance Structure  A statement from the board containing the following elements:  (i)  a disclosure of the board's oversight of ESG issues.  (ii)  the board's ESG management approach and strategy,  including the process used to evaluate, prioritise and  manage material ESG-related issues (including risks to the  issuer's businesses); and  (iii)  how the board reviews progress made against ESG-related  goals and targets with an explanation of how they relate to  the issuer's businesses.  A. Governance Structure  13.  管治架構  由董事會發出的聲明，當中載有下列內容：  (i)  披露董事會對  ESG  事宜的監管；  (ii)  董事會的  ESG  管理方針及策略，包括評估、優次排列及管  理重要的  ESG  相關事宜 （包括對發行人業務的風險） 的過程；  及  (iii)  董事會如何按  ESG  相關目標檢討進度，並解釋它們如何與  發行人業務有關連。  A.  管治架構  14. Reporting Principles  A description of, or an explanation on, the application of the  following Reporting Principles (Materiality, Quantitative,  Consistency) in the preparation of the ESG report.  B. Reporting Principles  14.  匯報原則  描述或解釋在編備  ESG  報告時如何應用下列匯報原則 （重要性、  量化及一致性） 。  B.  匯報原則  15. Reporting Boundary  A narrative explaining the reporting boundaries of the ESG report  and describing the process used to identify which entities or  operations are included in the ESG report. If there is a change in  the scope, the issuer should explain the difference and reason for  the change.  B. Reporting Boundary  15.  匯報範圍  解釋  ESG  報告的匯報範圍，及描述挑選哪些實體或業務納入  ESG  報告的過程。若匯報範圍有所改變，發行人應解釋不同之處及變  動原因。  B.  匯報範圍   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

## Aspects from

Appendix 27

Disclosure

附錄二十七所述層面

披露

Sections in ESG Report

於

ESG

報告中的章節

| ## Environmental  環境  A1. Emissions  A1.  排放物  A1 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant  laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer;  relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into  water and land and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous  waste.  D. Group's Environmental  Footprint  Table 2: List of laws and  regulations  A1  一般披露  有關廢氣及溫室氣體排放、向水及土地的排污、有害及無害廢棄  物的產生等的：  (a)  政策；及  (b)  遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關  法律及規例的資料。  D.  本集團的環境足跡  表  2  ：法律及規例列表  KPI A1.1  The types of emissions and respective emissions data.  D.1. Reduce Emission  關鍵績效指標  A1.1  排放物種類及相關排放數據。  D.1.  減少排放  KPI A1.2  Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas  emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g., per  unit of production volume, per facility).  Table 3: Emissions Footprint  關鍵績效指標  A1.2  直接 （範圍  1  ） 及能源間接 （範圍  2  ） 溫室氣體排放量 （以噸計算） 及 （如  適用） 密度 （如以每產量單位、每項設施計算） 。  表  3  ：排放足跡  KPI A1.3  Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where  appropriate, intensity (e.g., per unit of production volume, per  facility).  Table 4: Quantity of Waste  Generated  關鍵績效指標  A1.3  所產生有害廢棄物總量 （以噸計算） 及 （如適用） 密度 （如以每產量  單位、每項設施計算） 。  表  4  ：產生的廢物量  KPI A1.4  Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where  appropriate, intensity (e.g., per unit of production volume, per  facility).  Table 4: Quantity of Waste  Generated  關鍵績效指標  A1.4  所產生無害廢棄物總量 （以噸計算） 及 （如適用） 密度 （如以每產量  單位、每項設施計算） 。  表  4  ：產生的廢物量  KPI A1.5  Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve  them.  Table 6: Emissions Target  and Steps Taken  關鍵績效指標  A1.5  描述所訂立的排放量目標及為達到這些目標所採取的步驟。  表  6  ：排放目標及採取的步  驟  KPI A1.6  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are  handled and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps  taken to achieve them.  D.2. Manage Waste  關鍵績效指標  A1.6  描述處理有害及無害廢棄物的方法，及描述所訂立的減廢目標及  為達到這些目標所採取的步驟。  D.2.  管理廢棄物   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

| Aspects from  Appendix 27  Disclosure  Sections in ESG Report  附錄二十七所述層面  披露  於  ESG  報告中的章節  A2. Use of Resources  A2.  資源使用  A2 General Disclosure  Policies on the efficient use of resources, including energy, water  and other raw materials.  D.3. Use of Resources  A2  一般披露  有效使用資源 （包括能源、水及其他原材料） 的政策。  D.3.  資源使用  KPI A2.1  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity,  gas or oil) in total (kWh in '000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of  production volume, per facility).  Table 5: Consumption Data  關鍵績效指標  A2.1  按類型劃分的直接及╱或間接能源 （如電、氣或油） 總耗量 （以千  個千瓦時計算） 及密度 （如以每產量單位、每項設施計算） 。  表  5  ：消耗數據  KPI A2.2  Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of  production volume, per facility).  D.3.3. Water Utilisation  關鍵績效指標  A2.2  總耗水量及密度 （如以每產量單位、每項設施計算） 。  D.3.3.  用水  KPI A2.3  Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken  to achieve them.  Table 6: Emissions Target  and Steps Taken  關鍵績效指標  A2.3  描述所訂立的能源使用效益目標及為達到這些目標所採取的步驟。  表  6  ：排放目標及採取的步  驟  KPI A2.4  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is  fit for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to  achieve them.  D.3.3. Water Utilisation  關鍵績效指標  A2.4  描述求取適用水源上可有任何問題，以及所訂立的用水效益目標  及為達到這些目標所採取的步驟。  D.3.3.  用水  KPI A2.5  Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes)  and, if applicable, with reference to per unit produced.  The use of packaging  materials for finished  products is not applicable to  the Group due to its business  nature.  關鍵績效指標  A2.5  製成品所用包裝材料的總量 （以噸計算） 及 （如適用） 每生產單位  佔量。  由於本集團的業務性質，製  成品所用包裝材料的使用不  適用於本集團。   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

Aspects from

Appendix 27

附錄二十七所述層面

Disclosure

披露

## A3. The Environment and Natural Resources

A3. 環境及天然資源

A3 General Disclosure

A3 一般披露

KPI A3.1

關鍵績效指標 A3.1

## A4. Climate Change

A4. 氣候變化

A4 General Disclosure

Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate- related issues which have impacted and those which may impact, the issuer.

D.5 Climate Change

A4 一般披露

識別及應對已經及可能會對發行人產生影響的重大氣候相關事宜

的政策。

D.5 氣候變化

KPI A4.1

Description of the significant climate-related issues which have impacted and those which may impact, the issuer and the actions

taken to manage them.

D.5. Climate change

關鍵績效指標 A4.1

描述已經及可能會對發行人產生影響的重大氣候相關事宜，及應

D.5. 氣候變化

對行動。

Policies on minimising the issuer's significant impacts on the environment and natural resources.

減低發行人對環境及天然資源造成重大影響的政策。

Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.

描述業務活動對環境及天然資源的重大影響及已採取管理有關影

響的行動。

Sections in ESG Report

於 ESG 報告中的章節

D.4 The Environment and

Natural Resources

D.4 環境及天然資源

D.4 The Environment and

Natural Resources

D.4 環境及天然資源

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

| Aspects from  Appendix 27  Disclosure  Sections in ESG Report  附錄二十七所述層面  披露  於 ESG  報告中的章節  ## Social  社會  B1. Employment  B1. 僱傭  B1 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer; relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination and other benefits and welfare.  E.1. Care for Employees  Table 8: List of Laws and Regulations  B1 一般披露  有關薪酬及解僱、招聘及晉升、工作時數、假期、平等機會、多 元化、反歧視以及其他待遇及福利的 (a) 政策；及 (b) 遵守對發行 人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。  E.1. 關懷員工  表 8  ：法律及規例列表  KPI B1.1  Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full- or part-time), age group and geographical region.  Table 7: Employment Details  關鍵績效指標 B1.1  按性別、僱傭類型 （如全職或兼職） 、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員  總數。  表 7  ：僱傭明細  KPI B1.2  Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.  Table 7: Employment Details  關鍵績效指標 B1.2  按性別、年齡組別及地區劃分的僱員流失比率。  表 7  ：僱傭明細  ## B2. Health and Safety  B2. 健康與安全  B2 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer; relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational hazards.  E.2. Health and Safety  B2 一般披露  有關提供安全工作環境及保障僱員避免職業性危害的 (a) (b) 遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。  政策；及 E.2. 健康與安全  KPI B2.1  Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the past three years including the reporting year.  Table 9: Count of Incidents  關鍵績效指標 B2.1  過去三年 （包括匯報年度） 每年因工亡故的人數及比率。  表 9  ：事故次數  KPI B2.2  Lost days due to work injury.  Table 9: Count of Incidents  關鍵績效指標 B2.2  因工傷損失工作日數。  表 9  ：事故次數  KPI B2.3  Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted and how they are implemented and monitored.  E.2. Health and Safety  關鍵績效指標 B2.3  描述所採納的職業健康與安全措施，以及相關執行及監察方法。  E.2. 健康與安全   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

| Aspects from  Appendix 27  Disclosure  Sections in ESG Report  附錄二十七所述層面  披露  於 ESG 報告中的章節  ## B3. Development and Training  B3. 發展及培訓  B3 General Disclosure  Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.  E.3. Development and  Training  B3 一般披露  有關提升僱員履行工作職責的知識及技能的政策。描述培訓活動。  E.3. 發展及培訓  KPI B3.1  The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior management, middle management).  Table 10: Total Training  Hours  關鍵績效指標 B3.1  按性別及僱員類別 （如高級管理層、中級管理層） 劃分的受訓僱員 百分比。  表 10  ：總培訓時數  KPI B3.2  The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category.  Table 10: Total Training  Hours  關鍵績效指標 B3.2  按性別及僱員類別劃分，每名僱員完成受訓的平均時數。  表 10  ：總培訓時數  ## B4. Labour Standards  B4. 勞工準則  B4 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer; relating to preventing child and forced labour.  E.4. Labour Standards  B4 一般披露  有關防止童工或強制勞工的  (a)  政策；及  (b)  遵守對發行人有重大  影響的相關法律及規例的資料。  E.4.  勞工準則  KPI B4.1  Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour.  E.4. Labour Standards  關鍵績效指標 B4.1 KPI B4.2  描述檢討招聘慣例的措施以避免童工及強制勞工。  E.4. 勞工準則  Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.  E.4. Labour Standards  關鍵績效指標 B4.2  描述在發現違規情況時消除有關情況所採取的步驟。  E.4.  勞工準則   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

Aspects from

Appendix 27

Disclosure

Sections in ESG Report

附錄二十七所述層面

披露

於 ESG

報告中的章節

## B5. Supply Chain Management

B5. 供應鏈管理

B5 General Disclosure

Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.

E.5. Supply Chain

Management

B5 一般披露

管理供應鏈的環境及社會風險政策。

E.5.

供應鏈管理

KPI B5.1

Number of suppliers by geographical region.

Table 11: Number of

Suppliers

關鍵績效指標

B5.1

按地區劃分的供應商數目。

表 11

：供應商數目

KPI B5.2

Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of

suppliers where the practices are being implemented and how

they are implemented and monitored.

E.5. Supply Chain

Management

關鍵績效指標

B5.2

描述有關聘用供應商的慣例，向其執行有關慣例的供應商數目，

以及相關執行及監察方法。

E.5.

供應鏈管理

KPI B5.3

Description of practices used to identify environmental and social

risks along the supply chain and how they are implemented and

monitored.

E.5. Supply Chain

Management

關鍵績效指標

B5.3

描述有關識別供應鏈每個環節的環境及社會風險的慣例，以及相

關執行及監察方法。

E.5.

供應鏈管理

KPI B5.4

Description of practices used to promote environmentally

preferable products and services when selecting suppliers and

how they are implemented and monitored.

E.5. Supply Chain

Management

關鍵績效指標

B5.4

描述在揀選供應商時促使多用環保產品及服務的慣例，以及相關

執行及監察方法。

E.5.

供應鏈管理

## B6. Product Responsibility

B6. 產品責任

| B6 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer; relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.  E.6. Product Responsibility  B6  一般披露  有關所提供產品和服務的健康與安全、廣告、標籤及私隱事宜以  及補救方法的  (a)  政策；及  (b)  遵守對發行人有重大影響的相關法  律及規例的資料。  E.6.  產品責任  KPI B6.1  Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for  safety and health reasons.  E.6. Product Responsibility  關鍵績效指標  B6.1  已售或已運送產品總數中因安全與健康理由而須回收的百分比。  E.6.  產品責任  KPI B6.2  Number of products and service-related complaints received and  how they are dealt with.  E.6. Product Responsibility  關鍵績效指標  B6.2  接獲關於產品及服務的投訴數目以及應對方法。  E.6.  產品責任  KPI B6.3  Description of practices relating to observing and protecting  intellectual property rights.  E.6. Product Responsibility  關鍵績效指標  B6.3  描述與維護及保障知識產權有關的慣例。  E.6.  產品責任  KPI B6.4  Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.  E.6. Product Responsibility  關鍵績效指標  B6.4  描述質量檢定過程及產品回收程序。  E.6.  產品責任  KPI B6.5  Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies and  how they are implemented and monitored.  E.6.1 Data Privacy  關鍵績效指標  B6.5  描述消費者資料保障及私隱政策，以及相關執行及監察方法。  E.6.1 數據私隱   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT 環境、社會及管治報告

| Aspects from  Appendix 27  Disclosure  Sections in ESG Report  附錄二十七所述層面  披露  於  ESG  報告中的章節  B7. Anti-corruption  B7.  反貪污  B7 General Disclosure  Information on: (a) the policies; and (b) compliance with relevant  laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the issuer;  relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.  E.7. Anti-Corruption  B7  一般披露  有關防止賄賂、勒索、欺詐及洗黑錢的  (a)  政策；及  (b)  遵守對發  行人有重大影響的相關法律及規例的資料。  E.7.  反貪污  KPI B7.1  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices  brought against the issuer or its employees during the reporting  period and the outcomes of the cases.  E.7. Anti-Corruption  關鍵績效指標  B7.1  於匯報期內對發行人或其僱員提出並已審結的貪污訴訟案件的數  目及訴訟結果。  E.7.  反貪污  KPI B7.2  Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing  procedures and how they are implemented and monitored.  E.7. Anti-Corruption  關鍵績效指標  B7.2  描述防範措施及舉報程序，以及相關執行及監察方法。  E.7.  反貪污  KPI B7.3  Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and  staff.  E.7. Anti-Corruption  關鍵績效指標  B7.3  描述向董事及員工提供的反貪污培訓。  E.7.  反貪污  B8. Community Investment  B8.  社區投資  B8 General Disclosure  Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of  the communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its  activities take into consideration the communities' interests.  E.8 Community Investment  B8  一般披露  有關以社區參與來了解營運所在社區需要和確保其業務活動會考  慮社區利益的政策。  E.8  社區投資  KPI B8.1  Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental  concerns, labour needs, health, culture, sport).  E.8 Community Investment  Table 12: Community  Investments  關鍵績效指標  B8.1  專注貢獻範疇 （如教育、環境事宜、勞工需求、健康、文化、體  育） 。  E.8  社區投資  表  12  ：社區投資  KPI B8.2  Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.  E.8 Community Investment  關鍵績效指標  B8.2  在專注範疇所動用資源 （如金錢或時間）  E.8  社區投資   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF IBI GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of IBI Group Holdings Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (together the 'Group') set out on pages 107 to 192, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's 'Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants' (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## 致 IBI GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED 列位股東

（於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）

## 意見

吾等已審核第 107 至 192 頁所載 IBI Group Holdings Limited （ 「貴公司」 ） 及其附屬公司 （統稱 「貴集團」 ） 的綜 合財務報表，當中包括於二零二二年三月三十一日的綜 合財務狀況表與截至該日止年度的綜合損益及其他全面 收益表、綜合權益變動表及綜合現金流量表以及綜合財 務報表附註，包括主要會計政策概要。

吾等認為，綜合財務報表已根據香港會計師公會 （ 「香港 會計師公會」 ） 頒佈的香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） 真實公平地反映 貴集團於二零二二年三月 三十一日的綜合財務狀況以及截至該日止年度的綜合財 務表現及綜合現金流量，並已遵照香港公司條例的披露 規定妥為編製。

## 意見基礎

吾等根據香港會計師公會頒佈的香港審計準則 （ 「香港審 計準則」 ） 進行審核。在該等準則下，吾等的責任在吾等 的報告內「核數師就審核綜合財務報表承擔的責任」一 節進一步闡述。根據香港會計師公會的 《專業會計師道 德守則》 （ 「守則」 ） ，吾等獨立於 貴集團，並已遵循守 則履行其他道德責任。吾等相信，吾等所獲得審計憑證 能充足及適當地為吾等的意見提供基礎。

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Recognition of contract revenue

Refer to Notes 4(k)(i), 5(i) and 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group recognised revenue from provision of renovation services as a main contractor for property projects in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau ('Contracting') of approximately HK$403,888,000 for the year ended 31 March 2022.

The Group recognises revenue from Contracting according to the Group's management's estimation of the total outcome of the construction contracts as well as the percentage of completion of the Contracting which requires the estimation of contract costs of each contract. Contract costs of individual  contracts  are determined based on budget of the contract which was prepared by the management. The recognition of revenue and the estimation of  the  outcome of construction contracts require significant management judgement, in particular with respect to estimating the cost to complete and the amounts of variations and claims to be recognised.

## Our response:

Our procedures in relation to management's recognition of contract revenue included:

## 關鍵審計事項

根據吾等的專業判斷，關鍵審計事項為吾等審核本期間 綜合財務報表中最重要的事項。吾等在審核綜合財務報 表及就此達致意見時整體處理此等事項，而不會就此等 事項單獨發表意見。

## 確認合約收益

茲提述綜合財務報表附註 4(k)(i) 、 5(i) 及 7 。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度， 貴集團就擔任 香港及澳門私營機構物業項目的總承建商所提供翻新服 務 （ 「承建」 ） 確認收益約 403,888,000 港元。

貴集團根據 貴集團管理層對建造合約總收入的估計及 承建完成百分比 （需要估計每份合約的合約成本） 確認承 建收益。個別合約的合約成本根據管理層所編製合約預 算釐定。確認收益及估計建造合約收入需要重大管理層 判斷，尤其在估計完工成本以及將確認的變更及索賠金 額方面。

## 吾等的回應：

吾等就管理層確認合約收益進行的程序包括：

- Comparing	contract	sum	and	budgeted	contract	costs	to respective signed contracts and approved budgets on a sample basis;
- 抽樣比較合約金額及每份已簽署合約的預算合約 成本及經批准預算；
- · Discussing	with	the	management	of	the	Group	and	testing the supporting evidence to evaluate the reasonableness of the management's estimation of the budgeted contract costs;
- 與 貴集團管理層進行討論，並測試支持證據以 評估管理層對預算合約成本所作估計的合理性；

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

- Checking	the	existence	and	valuation	of	variations	to correspondences with customers on a sample basis; and
- Obtaining	an	understanding	from	management	of	the	Group about how the approved budgets were prepared and the respective stage of completion were determined.

## OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Company's annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

- 抽樣檢查與客戶的文件往來證據及變數的估值； 及
- 向 貴集團管理層了解如何編製經批准預算及確 定不同完成階段。

## 年報所載其他資料

董事須為其他資料負責。其他資料包括 貴公司年報所 載資料，惟不包括綜合財務報表及吾等的核數師報告。

吾等對綜合財務報表發表的意見並不涵蓋其他資料，吾 等亦不會就此發表任何形式的保證結論。

就吾等對綜合財務報表進行的審計工作而言，吾等負責 審閱其他資料，並考慮其他資料是否與綜合財務報表或 吾等從審計工作所獲得資料之間出現重大不相符情況， 又或在其他方面出現重大錯誤陳述。倘吾等基於所進行 工作而得出此等其他資料有重大錯誤陳述的結論，則吾 等須匯報有關情況。就此而言，吾等並無須匯報的事宜。

## 董事就綜合財務報表須承擔的責任

董事須負責根據香港會計師公會頒佈的香港財務報告準 則及香港公司條例的披露規定編製真實公平地反映情況 的綜合財務報表，及釐定對編製綜合財務報表屬必要的 有關內部監控，以使該等綜合財務報表不會存在由於欺 詐或錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述。

在編製綜合財務報表時，董事負責評估 貴集團持續經 營的能力，並在適用情況下披露與持續經營有關的事 宜，以及使用持續經營為會計基礎，除非董事有意 將 貴集團清盤或停止經營，或別無其他實際替代方案。

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

The directors are also responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process. The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibility in this regard.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with the terms of our engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- identify	and	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- obtain	an	understanding	of	internal	control	relevant	to	the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

董事亦負責監督 貴集團的財務申報程序。審核委員會 就此協助董事履行職責。

## 核數師就審核綜合財務報表承擔的責任

吾等的目標是對綜合財務報表整體是否不存在由於欺詐 或錯誤而導致的重大錯誤陳述取得合理保證，並出具載 有吾等意見的核數師報告。吾等僅按照聘用條款向全體 股東出具本報告，除此之外不作其他用途。吾等並不就 本報告的內容對任何其他人士負責或承擔責任。

合理保證屬高層次的核證，惟根據香港審計準則進行的 審核工作不能保證總能察覺所存在的重大錯誤陳述。錯 誤陳述可因欺詐或錯誤而產生，倘個別或整體在合理預 期情況下可影響使用者根據綜合財務報表作出的經濟決 定時，則被視為重大錯誤陳述。

在根據香港審計準則進行審計的過程中，吾等運用專業 判斷並保持專業懷疑態度。吾等亦：

- 識別及評估由於欺詐或錯誤而導致綜合財務報表 存在重大錯誤陳述的風險、設計及執行審計程序 以應對該等風險，以及獲取充足和適當的審計憑 證，作為吾等意見的基礎。由於欺詐可能涉及串 謀、偽造、蓄意遺漏、虛假陳述或凌駕內部監控 的情況，故未能發現因欺詐而導致的重大錯誤陳 述的風險高於未能發現因錯誤而導致的重大錯誤 陳述的風險。
- 了解與審計相關的內部監控，以設計適當的審計 程序，惟並非旨在對 貴集團的內部監控成效發 表意見。

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

- · evaluate	the	appropriateness	of	accounting	policies	used	and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- · conclude	on	the	appropriateness	of	the	directors'	use	of	the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- 評估董事所採用會計政策的恰當性以及所作出會 計估計及相關披露的合理性。
- 對董事採用持續經營會計基礎的恰當性作出結論， 並根據所獲取的審計憑證，確定是否存在與事項 或情況有關的重大不確定性，從而可能導致 對 貴集團的持續經營能力產生重大疑慮。倘吾 等認為存在重大不確定性，則有必要在核數師報 告中提請使用者注意綜合財務報表中的相關披露。 倘有關披露不足，則修訂吾等的意見。吾等的結 論乃基於截至核數師報告日期止所取得的審計憑 證。然而，未來事件或情況可能導致 貴集團無 法持續經營。
- evaluate	the	overall	presentation,	structure	and	content	of	the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- obtain	sufficient	appropriate	audit	evidence	regarding	the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

- 評估綜合財務報表的整體呈報方式、結構及內容， 包括披露資料，以及綜合財務報表是否中肯反映 相關交易及事件。
- 就 貴集團內實體或業務活動的財務資料獲取充 足及適當的審計憑證，以便對綜合財務報表發表 意見。吾等負責集團審計的方向、監督及執行。 吾等為審核意見承擔全部責任。

吾等與審核委員會就 （其中包括） 審計的規劃範圍、時間 安排及重大審計發現進行溝通，該等發現包括吾等在審 計過程中識別的任何重大內部監控缺失。

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT 獨立核數師報告

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, action taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## BDO Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Ho Yee Man

Practising Certificate number: P07395

Hong Kong, 30 June 2022

吾等亦向審核委員會作出聲明，指出吾等已符合有關獨 立性的相關道德要求，並與彼等溝通可能被合理認為會 影響吾等獨立性的所有關係及其他事宜，以及在適用的 情況下，用以消除對獨立性產生威脅的行動或採取的防 範措施。

從與董事溝通的事項中，吾等釐定對本期間綜合財務報 表的審計至關重要的事項，因而構成關鍵審計事項。吾 等在核數師報告中描述該等事項，除非法律或法規不允 許公開披露該等事項，或在極端罕見的情況下，倘合理 預期在吾等的報告中溝通某事項造成的負面後果超出產 生的公眾利益，則吾等決定不應在報告中傳達該事項。

香港立信德豪會計師事務所有限公司 執業會計師

## 何綺雯

執業證書號碼：

P07395

香港，二零二二年六月三十日

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 綜合損益及其他全面收益表

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  7  407,491  513,136  Other (losses)/gains  其他 （虧損） ╱收益  7  (1,613)  43,566  Revenue and other (losses)/gains  收益及其他 （虧損） ╱收益  405,878  556,702  Direct costs  直接成本  (337,926)  (477,268)  Gross profit  毛利  67,952  79,434  Other income  其他收入  8  215  5,903  Administrative and other  operating expenses  行政及其他經營開支  (34,122)  (29,223)  Finance costs  融資成本  9  (353)  (316)  Profit before income tax expense  除所得稅開支前溢利  10  33,692  55,798  Income tax expense  所得稅開支  11  (7,235)  (1,720)  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  26,457  54,078  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  attributable to:  以下各項應佔年內溢利及  全面收入總額：  - Owners of the Company  -  本公司擁有人  27,010  54,390  - Non-controlling interests  -  非控股權益  (553)  (312)  26,457  54,078  Earnings per share:  每股盈利：  Basic and diluted (HK Cents)  基本及攤薄 （港仙）  14  3.4  6.8   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 綜合財務狀況表

As at 31 March 2022 於二零二二年三月三十一日

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Non-current assets  非流動資產  Property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備  15  924  359  Right-of-use assets  使用權資產  16  4,302  3,827  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產  17  16,062  61,825  21,288  66,011  Current assets  流動資產  Contract assets  合約資產  18  100,139  110,130  Trade and other receivables  貿易及其他應收款項  19  28,643  116,917  Property under development  發展中物業  20  10,250  -  Inventories  存貨  604  381  Pledged deposits  已抵押存款  21  14,850  14,426  Tax recoverable  可收回稅項  278  1,210  Cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物  141,647  87,142  Total current assets  流動資產總值  296,411  330,206  Current liabilities  流動負債  Contract liabilities  合約負債  18  4,072  1,224  Trade and other payables  貿易及其他應付款項  22  135,473  209,322  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  23  2,791  2,992  Tax payables  應付稅項  5,933  270  Total current liabilities  流動負債總額  148,269  213,808  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  148,142  116,398  Total assets less current liabilities  總資產減流動負債  169,430  182,409  Non-current liability  非流動負債  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  23  1,759  1,195  NET ASSETS  資產淨值  167,671  181,214  Capital and reserves  資本及儲備  Share capital  股本  24  8,000  8,000  Reserves  儲備  160,534  173,524  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  本公司擁有人應佔權益  168,534  181,524  Non-controlling interests  非控股權益  (863)  (310)  TOTAL EQUITY  權益總額  167,671  181,214   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On behalf of directors

代表董事

| ## Neil David HOWARD  Steven Paul SMITHERS  Director 董事  Director 董事   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 綜合權益變動表

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| Equity attributable to owners of the Company  本公司擁有人應佔權益  Share  capital  Share  premium  Merger  reserve  Retained  profits  Total  Non-  controlling  interest  Total  股本  股份溢價  合併儲備  保留溢利  總計  非控股權益  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  (Note 24)  (Note (i))  (Note (ii))  （附註  24  ）  （附註  (i)  ）  （附註  (ii)  ）  At 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  8,000  73,613  (13,511)  67,032  135,134  -  135,134  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  -  -  -  54,390  54,390  (312)  54,078  Capital injection from  non-controlling interests  非控股權益注資  -  -  -  -  -  2  2  Dividend declared and paid (Note 13)  已宣派及派付股息 （附註  13  ）  -  -  -  (8,000)  (8,000)  -  (8,000)  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  8,000  73,613  (13,511)  113,422  181,524  (310)  181,214  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  -  -  -  27,010  27,010  (553)  26,457  Dividend declared and paid (Note 13)  已宣派及派付股息 （附註  13  ）  -  -  -  (40,000)  (40,000)  -  (40,000)  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  8,000  73,613  (13,511)  100,432  168,534  (863)  167,671   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

## (i) Share premium

Share premium account of the Group represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the Company's shares issued.

## (ii) Merger reserve

The merger reserve represents the difference between the investment costs in subsidiaries and the nominal value of the issued share capital of the Group's subsidiaries.

附註：

## (i) 股份溢價

本集團股份溢價賬指所收取款項超出本公司已發行股份面值 的部分。

## (ii) 合併儲備

合併儲備指於附屬公司的投資成本與本集團旗下附屬公司已 發行股本面值之間的差額。

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 綜合現金流量表

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Cash flows from operating activities  經營活動現金流量  Profit before income tax expense  除所得稅開支前溢利  33,692  55,798  Adjustments for:  就以下各項調整：  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  620  211  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使用權資產折舊  2,618  2,558  Gain on lease modification  租賃修改收益  (324)  -  Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss ('FVTPL')  按公平值計入損益  （ 「按公平值計入損益」 ） 的  金融資產之公平值收益  1,613  (43,566)  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  租賃負債的利息開支  353  316  Covid-19-related rent concession  Covid-19  相關之租金寬減  -  (306)  Interest income  利息收入  (11)  (468)  Operating profit before working capital changes  營運資金變動前經營溢利  38,561  14,543  Decrease in contract assets  合約資產減少  9,991  33,938  Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities  合約負債增加╱ （減少）  2,848  (18,502)  Decrease/(increase) in trade and other  receivables  貿易及其他應收款項  減少╱ （增加）  88,274  (33,642)  Increase in properties under development  發展中物業增加  (10,250)  -  Increase in inventories  存貨增加  (223)  (381)  Decrease/(increase) in financial assets  at FVTPL  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產減少╱ （增加）  44,150  (63,615)  Decrease in trade and other payables  貿易及其他應付款項減少  (73,849)  (28,727)  Cash generated from/(used in) operations  經營所得╱ （所用） 現金  99,502  (96,386)  Income tax paid  已付所得稅  (640)  (3,477)  Net cash generated from/(used in)  operating activities  經營活動所得╱ （所用）  現金淨額  98,862  (99,863)  Cash flows from investing activities  投資活動現金流量  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  購買物業、廠房及設備  (1,185)  (337)  (Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits  已抵押存款 （增加） ╱減少  (424)  1,710  Interest received  已收利息  11  468  Net cash (used in)/generated from  investing activities  投資活動 （所用） ╱所得  現金淨額  (1,598)  1,841  Cash flows from financing activities  融資活動現金流量  Repayment of lease liabilities  償還租賃負債  29  (2,759)  (2,511)  Capital injection from non-controlling interests  非控股權益注資  -  2  Dividend paid  已付股息  13  (40,000)  (8,000)  Net cash used in financing activities  融資活動所用現金淨額  (42,759)  (10,509)  Net increase/(decrease) in  cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物  增加╱ （減少） 淨額  54,505  (108,531)  Cash and cash equivalents  at beginning of year  年初現金及現金等價物  87,142  195,673  Cash and cash equivalents  at end of year  年末現金及現金等價物  141,647  87,142  Analysis of the balances of  cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物結餘分析  Cash at banks and in hand  銀行及手頭現金  141,647  87,142   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability on 6 April 2016 under the Companies Law, Cap.22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of its registered office is One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005, Cayman Islands. Its principal place of business is located at 3/F, Bangkok Bank Building, 18 Bonham Strand West, Hong Kong.

The shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Stock Exchange') on 14 October 2016 (the 'Listing').

The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Group are to act as a building contractor focusing on providing renovation services as a main contractor for property projects in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau ('Contracting'), strategic investments and provision of products and services with a focus on air quality, energy efficiency and modern sustainable building materials.

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ')

## (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs - effective 1 April 2021

Amendments to HKFRS 9,

HKAS 39, HKFRS 7,

HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

- Phase 2

Amendment to HKFRS 16

COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond

30 June 2021

## 1. 一般資料

本公司於二零一六年四月六日根據開曼群島法例 第 22 章公司法 （一九六一年第三號法律，經綜合 及修訂） 在開曼群島註冊成立為獲豁免有限公司。 其註冊辦事處地址為 One Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9005, Cayman Islands 。 其主要營業地點位於香港文咸西街 18 號盤谷銀行 大廈 3 樓。

本公司股份於二零一六年十月十四日在香港聯合 交易所有限公司 （ 「聯交所」 ） 主板上市 （ 「上市」 ） 。

本公司為投資控股公司。本集團主要業務為作為 專注於提供翻新服務的建築承建商，擔任香港及 澳門私營機構物業項目的總承建商 （ 「承建」 ） 、策 略性投資及提供以空氣質素、能源效率及現代可 持續發展的建築材料為重點的產品及服務。

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ）

## (a) 採納新訂╱經修訂香港財務報告準則 -自 二零二一年四月一日起生效

香港財務報告準則第 9 號、

香港會計準則第 39 號、

香港財務報告準則第 7 號、

香港財務報告準則第 4 號及

香港財務報告準則第 16 號

（修訂本）

利率基準改革

- 第二階段

香港財務報告準則第 16 號

（修訂本）

二零二一年六月三十日

以後的 COVID-19 相關租金寬減

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

- (a) Adoption of new/revised HKFRSs - effective 1 April 2021 (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

The amendments provide targeted reliefs from (i) accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities  and lease liabilities as modifications, and (ii) discontinuing hedge accounting when an interest rate benchmark is replaced by an alternative benchmark rate as a result of the reform of interbank offered rates ('IBOR reform'). The amendments do not have an impact on these financial statements as the Group does not have contracts that are indexed to benchmark interest rates which are subject to the IBOR reform.

## Amendment to HKFRS 16, Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

The Group previously applied the practical expedient in HKFRS 16 such that as lessee it was not required to assess whether rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic were lease modifications, if the eligibility conditions are met. One of these conditions requires the reduction in lease payments affect only payments originally due on or before a specified time limit. The 2021 amendment extends this time limit from 30 June 2021.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

- (a) 採納新訂╱經修訂香港財務報告準則 -自 二零二一年四月一日起生效 （續）

香港會計準則第 39 號、香港財務報告準則 第 4 號、香港財務報告準則第 7 號、香港財 務報告準則第 9 號及香港財務報告準則第 16 號 （修訂本） ，利率基準改革 -第二階段

該等修訂本就以下各項提供有針對性之寬 免： (i) 釐定金融資產、金融負債及租賃負債 之合約現金流量基準變動之會計處理 （作為 修訂） ，及 (ii) 當銀行同業拆息改革 （ 「銀行同 業拆息改革」 ） 導致利率基準被替代基準利率 取代時之終止對沖會計處理。由於本集團並 無合約與受銀行同業拆息改革規限之基準利 率掛鈎，故該等修訂本對該等財務報表並無 影響。

## 香港財務報告準則第 16 號 （修訂本） ，二零 二一年六月三十日以後的 Covid-19 相關租 金寬減

本集團先前應用香港財務報告準則第 16 號 中的可行權宜方法，故作為承租人，倘符合 資格條件，則毋須評估因 COVID-19 疫情而 直接導致的租金減免是否屬於租賃修訂。其 中一項條件要求租賃付款的減少僅影響原在 指定時限內或之前到期的付款。二零二一年 修訂本將自二零二一年六月三十日起計的該 時限延長。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective

The following amended HKFRSs, potentially relevant to the Group's consolidated financial statements, have been issued, but are not yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group. The Group's current intention is to apply these changes on the date they become effective.

Amendments to HKAS 1

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Related Amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2

Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12

Definition of Accounting Estimates 2 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 2

Amendments to HKAS 16

Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1

Amendments to HKAS 37

Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1

Amendments to HKFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1

Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 16 and HKAS 41

Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 1

HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 10

Insurance Contracts 2 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3

and HKAS 28

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.

2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

3 The amendments shall be applied prospectively to the sale or  contribution  of  assets  occurring  in  annual  periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

## (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則

以下與本集團綜合財務報表潛在相關的經修 訂香港財務報告準則已頒佈但尚未生效，且 本集團亦無提早採納。本集團目前有意在該 等準則生效之日應用該等變動。

香港會計準則第 1 號修訂本

負債分類為流動或非流動及

香港詮釋第 5 號之相關修訂本 （二零二零年） 2 2

香港會計準則第

1

號及

香港財務報告準則實務

報告第 2 號修訂本

會計政策之披露

香港會計準則第

8

號修訂本

會計估計之定義 2 與單一交易所產生之資產及負債 相關之遞延稅項 2

香港會計準則第

12

號修訂本

香港會計準則第 16 號修訂本

物業、廠房及設備：擬定用途前 的所得款項 1

香港會計準則第 37 號修訂本

虧損合約 - 履行合約的成本 1

香港財務報告準則第

3

號

修訂本

概念框架的提述 1

香港財務報告準則第

1

號、

香港財務報告準則第

9

號、

香港財務報告準則第

16

號

及香港會計準則第

41

號

修訂本

香港財務報告準則二零一八年至 二零二零年之年度改進 1

香港財務報告準則第

17

號

保險合約 2

香港財務報告準則第

10

號及

香港會計準則第

28

號

修訂本

投資者與其聯營公司或合營企業 之間的資產出售或注資 3

1 於二零二二年一月一日或之後開始的年度期間 生效。

2 於二零二三年一月一日或之後開始的年度期間 生效。

3 修訂本應前瞻性地應用於待定日期或之後開始 之年度期間內發生之資產出售或注資。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

- (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

Amendments to HKAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and HK Interpretation 5 (2020), Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause

The amendments clarify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current is based on rights that are in existence at the end of the reporting period, specify that classification is unaffected by expectations about whether an entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of a liability and explain that rights are in existence if covenants are complied with at the end of the reporting period. The amendments also introduce a definition of 'settlement' to make clear that settlement refers to the transfer to the counterparty of cash, equity instruments, other assets or services.

HK Interpretation  5  (2020)  was  revised  as  a consequence of the Amendments to HKAS 1 issued in August 2020. The revision to HK Interpretation 5 (2020) updates the wordings in the interpretation to align with the  Amendments to HKAS 1 with no change in conclusion  and  do  not  change  the  existing requirements.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments and revision in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

- (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

香港會計準則第 1 號修訂本 -流動或非流 動負債分類及香港詮釋第 5 號 （二零二零 年） ，財務報表的呈報 -借款人對載有按要 求償還條款的定期貸款的分類

該等修訂闡明流動或非流動負債分類乃基於 報告期末存續的權利，指明該分類不受對實 體會否行使權利延遲償付負債的預期所影 響，並闡述倘於報告期末已遵守契諾，則存 在相關權利。該等修訂亦引入「結算」的定 義，以釐清結算是指將現金、權益工具、其 他資產或服務轉讓予對手方。

香港詮釋第 5 號 （二零二零年） 乃因二零二零 年八月頒佈的香港會計準則第 1 號之修訂而 修訂。香港詮釋第 5 號 （二零二零年） 之修訂 更新詮釋中的用字，以與香港會計準則第 1 號之修訂保持一致，惟結論並無變動，且現 有規定亦無變動。

本公司董事預期，日後應用該等修訂及修改 將不會對綜合財務報表造成影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure of Accounting Policies

The amendments change the requirements in HKAS 1 with regard to disclosure of accounting policies. The amendments replace all instances  of  the  term 'significant  accounting  policies'  with  'material accounting policy information'. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial  statements  make on the basis of those financial statements.

The supporting paragraphs in HKAS 1 are also amended to clarify that accounting policy information that relates to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions is immaterial and need not be disclosed. Accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related transactions, other events or conditions,  even  if  the  amounts  are  immaterial. However, not all accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material.

Guidance and examples have been developed to explain and demonstrate the application of the 'fourstep materiality process' described in HKFRS Practice Statement 2.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the above amendments in the future will have  an  impact  on  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

## (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港會計準則第 1 號及香港財務報告準則實 務報告第 2 號修訂本，會計政策之披露

該等修訂本改變香港會計準則第 1 號有關披 露會計政策的規定。該等修訂本將所有「重 要會計政策」一詞替換為「重要會計政策資 料」 。如會計政策資料在與實體財務報表中 載列的其他資料一併考慮時，可以合理地預 期會影響一般財務報表主要使用者根據該等 財務報表作出的決策，會計政策資料乃屬重 要。

香港會計準則第 1 號的輔助段落亦作出修 訂，以澄清涉及非重大交易、其他事件或情 況的會計政策資料並不重要，毋須作出披 露。會計政策資料可因相關交易、其他事件 或情況的性質而屬重要，即使金額並不重 大。然而，並非所有與重大交易、其他事件 或情況有關的會計政策資料本身乃屬重要。

指引及實例已予以制定，以解釋及說明香港 財務報告準則實務報告第 2 號所述之「四步 法評估重大性流程」的應用。

本公司董事預期，日後應用上述修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 8, Definition of Accounting Estimates

The amendments replace the definition of a change in accounting estimates with a definition of accounting estimates. Under the new definition, accounting estimates  are  'monetary  amounts  in  financial statements  that  are  subject  to  measurement uncertainty'.

The definition of a change in accounting estimates was deleted.  However,  the  concept  of  changes  in accounting estimates was retained in the Standard with the following clarifications:

- A	change	in	accounting	estimate	that	results	from new information or new developments is not the correction of an error.
- The	 effects	 of	 a	 change	 in	 an	 input	 or	 a measurement technique used to develop an accounting estimate are changes in accounting estimates if they do not result from the correction of prior period errors.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

- (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港會計準則第 8 號修訂本，會計估計之定 義

該等修訂本以會計估計之定義取代會計估計 變動的定義。根據新定義，會計估計為「存 在計量不明朗因素之財務報表之貨幣金額」 。

會計估計變動的定義已刪除。然而，準則中 保留了會計估計變動的概念，並作出以下澄 清：

- 新資料或新發展而導致會計估計出現 變動，並非錯誤之糾正。
- 如非出於前期錯誤之糾正，用於制定 會計估計之輸入數據或計量技術之變 動影響為會計估計之變動。

本公司董事預期，日後應用該等修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 12, Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

The amendments introduce a further exception from t h e   i n i t i a l   r e c o g n i t i o n   e x e m p t i o n .   U n d e r   t h e amendments, an entity does not apply the initial recognition exemption for transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

Depending on the applicable tax law, equal taxable and deductible temporary differences may arise on initial recognition of an asset and liability in a transaction that is  not  a  business  combination and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit. For example, this may arise  upon recognition of a lease liability and the corresponding right-of-use asset applying HKFRS 16 at the commencement date of a lease.

Following the amendments to HKAS 12, an entity is required to recognise the related deferred tax asset and liability, with the recognition of any deferred tax asset being subject to the recoverability criteria in HKAS 12.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the above amendments in the future will have  an  impact  on  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

## (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港會計準則第 12 號修訂本，與單一交易 所產生之資產及負債相關之遞延稅項

該等修訂本引入初始確認豁免的另一例外情 況。根據該等修訂本，實體並未對產生相等 應課稅及可扣稅暫時性差額之交易應用初始 確認豁免。

根據適用稅法，相等應課稅及可扣稅暫時性 差額或會於初始確認並非業務合併且並不對 會計或應課稅溢利產生影響之交易的資產及 負債時產生。例如，此會於租賃開始日期應 用香港財務報告準則第 16 號確認租賃負債 及有關使用權資產時產生。

於對香港會計準則第 12 號作出修訂後，實 體須確認有關遞延稅項資產及負債，且確認 任何遞延稅項資產須受香港會計準則第 12 號之可收回性標準規限。

本公司董事預期，日後應用上述修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use

The amendments prohibit deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, the proceeds from selling such items, and the cost of producing those items, is recognised in profit or loss.

The directors of the Company is currently assessing the impact that the application of the amendments will have on the Group's consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKAS 37, Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments specify that the 'cost of fulfilling' a contract comprises the 'costs that relate directly to the contract'. Costs that relate directly to a contract can either be incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g. direct labour and materials) or an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (e.g. the allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract).

The directors of the Company is currently assessing the impact that the application of the amendments will have on the Group's consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

- (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港會計準則第 16 號修訂本，物業、廠房 及設備：擬定用途前的所得款項

該等修訂禁止自物業、廠房及設備項目的成 本中扣除使資產達致能夠按照管理層擬定的 方式開展經營所必要的位置及條件過程中產 出的項目任何銷售所得款項。相反，於損益 中確認出售該等項目的所得款項及產出該等 項目的成本。

本公司董事目前正評估應用該等修訂本將會 對本集團綜合財務報表造成的影響。

## 香港會計準則第 37 號修訂本，虧損合約 -履行合約的成本

該等修訂本訂明合約的「履行成本」包括「與 合約直接相關的成本」 。與合約直接相關的 成本既可為履行合約的增量成本 （如直接勞 工及材料） ，亦可為與履行合約直接相關的 其他成本分配 （如用於履行合約的物業、廠 房及設備項目的折舊支出分配） 。

本公司董事目前正評估應用該等修訂本將會 對本集團綜合財務報表造成的影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## Amendments to HKFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework

The amendments update HKFRS 3 so that it refers to the  revised  Conceptual  Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 instead of the version issued in 2010. The amendments add to HKFRS 3 a requirement that, for obligations within the scope of HKAS 37, an acquirer applies  HKAS  37  to  determine  whether  at  the acquisition date a present obligation exists as a result of past events. For a levy that would be within the scope of HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies, the acquirer applies HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 to determine whether the obligating event that gives rise to a liability to pay the levy has occurred by the acquisition date. The amendments also add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business combination.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

## (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港財務報告準則第 3 號修訂本，概念框架 的提述

該等修訂本更新香港財務報告準則第 3 號， 令其指經修訂二零一八年財務報告概念框 架，而非於二零一零年頒佈的版本。該等修 訂本為香港財務報告準則第 3 號增加一項要 求，即對香港會計準則第 37 號範圍內的義 務而言，收購方應於收購日期應用香港會計 準則第 37 號確定是否因過往事件而存在當 前義務。就屬於香港 （國際財務報告詮釋委 員會） 詮釋第 21 號「徵費」範圍的徵費而言， 收購方應用香港 （國際財務報告詮釋委員會） 詮釋第 21 號確定導致支付徵費責任的義務 事件是否已於收購日期前發生。該等修訂本 亦增加明確聲明，即收購方不確認於業務合 併收購的或有資產。

本公司董事預期，日後應用該等修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表產生影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至⼆零⼆⼆年三月三十⼀日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

- (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 16 and HKAS 41, Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020

The annual improvements amends a number of standards, including:

- HKFRS	1,	First-time	Adoption	of	Hong	Kong Financial	Reporting	Standards,	which	permit	a subsidiary that applies paragraph D16(a) of HKFRS	1	to	measure	cumulative	translation differences using the amounts reported by its parent, based on the parent's date of transition to HKFRSs.
- HKFRS	9,	Financial	Instruments,	which	clarify	the f ees  included  in  the  '10  per  cent'  test  in paragraph	B3.3.6	of	HKFRS	9	in	assessing whether	to	derecognise	a	financial	liability, explaining	that	only	fees	paid	or	received	between the entity and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the entity or the lender on other's behalf are included.
- HKFRS	16,	Leases,	which	amend	Illustrative Example 13 to  remove  the  illustration  of reimbursement of leasehold improvements by the lessor in order to resolve any potential confusion regarding the treatment of lease incentives that might	arise	because	of	how	lease	incentives	are illustrated in that example.
- HKAS	41,	Agriculture,	 which	 remove	 the requirement	to	exclude	taxation	cash	flows	when measuring the fair value of a biological asset using a present value technique.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application	of	the	amendments	in	the	future	will	have	an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

- (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

香港財務報告準則第 1 號、香港財務報告準 則第 9 號、香港財務報告準則第 16 號及香 港會計準則第 41 號修訂本，香港財務報告 準則二零一八年至二零二零年之年度改進

年度改進修訂多個準則括：

- 香港財務報告準則第 1 號，首次採納香 港財務報告準則，允許應⽤香港財務 報告準則第 1 號第 D16(a) 段的附屬公司 根據母公司過渡至香港財務報告準則 的日期，使⽤母公司報告的金額計量 累計匯兌差額。
- 香港財務報告準則第 9 號，金融工具， 闡明香港財務報告準則第 9 號第 B3.3.6 段「 10% 」測試所括費⽤，以評估是 否終止確認金融負債，並解釋僅實體 與貸款人之間⽀付或收取的費⽤， 括實體或貸款人代表其他方⽀付或收 取的費⽤。
- 香港財務報告準則第 16 號，租賃，修 訂第 13 項範例以刪除由出租人償還租 賃裝修的說明，進而解決因該示例中 租賃優惠的說明方式而可能產生的任 何有關租賃優惠處理的潛在混淆。
- 香港會計準則第 41 號，農業，刪除就 使⽤現值技術計量生物資產的公平值 時，不括稅收現金流量之要求。

本公司董事預期，日後應⽤該等修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成任何影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 2. ADOPTION OF HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRS s ') (CONTINUED)

## (b) New/revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective (Continued)

## HKFRS 17, Insurance Contracts

The new standard establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of  insurance contracts and supersedes HKFRS 4, Insurance Contracts. The standard outlines a 'General Model', which is modified for insurance contracts with direct participation features, described as the 'Variable Fee Approach'. The General Model is simplified if certain criteria are met by measuring the liability for remaining coverage using the Premium Allocation Approach.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28, Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture

The amendments clarify with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. When the transaction with an associate or joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method, any gains or losses resulting from the loss of control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors' interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, any gains or losses resulting from the remeasurement of retained interest in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate or a joint venture) to fair value are recognised in the profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors' interests in the new associate or joint venture.

The directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of the amendments in the future will have an impact on the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. 採納香港財務報告準則 （ 「香港財務報告 準則」 ） （續）

## (b) 已頒佈但尚未生效之新訂╱經修訂香港財務 報告準則 （續）

## 香港財務報告準則第 17 號，保險合約

新準則確立了保險合約的確認、計量、列報 及披露原則，並取代了香港財務報告準則第 4 號「保險合約」 。該準則概述了一個「通用 模型」 ，該模型針對具有直接參與特徵的保 險合約進行了修改，稱為「可變收費法」 。倘 通過使用保險費分配方法衡量剩餘保險的責 任而符合若干標準，則可以簡化一般模型。

本公司董事預期，日後應用該等修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成任何影響。

## 香港財務報告準則第 10 號及香港會計準則 第 28 號修訂本，投資者與其聯營公司或合 營企業之間的資產出售或注資

該等修訂本澄清了投資者與其聯營公司或合 營企業之間存在資產出售或注資的情況。當 與聯營公司或合營企業的交易採用權益法入 賬時，因失去對不包含業務的附屬公司的控 制權而產生的任何收益或虧損會於損益確 認，惟僅以非關聯投資者在該聯營公司或合 營企業中的權益為限。類似地，按於成為聯 營公司或合營企業之任何前附屬公司之保留 權益公平價值重新計量產生之收益或虧損， 於損益確認且僅以非相關投資者於新聯營公 司或合營企業之權益為限。

本公司董事預期，日後應用該等修訂本將不 會對綜合財務報表造成任何影響。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

## (a) Statement of compliance

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable HKFRSs, Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKASs') and Interpretations (hereinafter collectively referred to as the 'HKFRS') and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong  Companies  Ordinance.  In  addition,  the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules').

## (b) Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments which are measured at fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

## (c) Functional and presentation currency

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars ('HK$'), which is the same as the functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries other than IBI Macau Limited, and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise stated.

## 3. 編製基準

## (a) 合規聲明

綜合財務報表乃依照所有適用香港財務報告 準則、香港會計準則 （ 「香港會計準則」 ） 及詮 釋 （以下統稱為「香港財務報告準則」 ） 以及 香港公司條例的披露規定編製。此外，綜合 財務報表包括香港聯合交易所有限公司證券 上市規則 （ 「上巿規則」 ） 規定的適用披露。

## (b) 計量基準

綜合財務報表乃按歷史成本基準編製，惟如 下文載列的會計政策所述按公平值計量的若 干金融工具則除外。

## (c) 功能及呈列貨幣

綜合財務報表以港元 （ 「港元」 ，亦為本公司 及其附屬公司 （ IBI Macau Limited 除外） 的功 能貨幣） 呈列，除另有列明者外，所有數值 已約整至最接近的千位數。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## (a) Basis of consolidation and subsidiaries

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and subsidiaries. Inter-company transactions and balances between group companies together with unrealised profits are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment on the asset transferred, in which case the loss is recognised in profit or loss.

A subsidiary is an investee over which the Company is able to exercise control. The Company controls an investee if  all  three  of  the  following  elements  are present: power over the investee, exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the investee, and the ability to use its power to affect those variable returns. Control is reassessed whenever facts and circumstances indicate that there may be a change in any of these elements of control.

In  the  Company's statement of financial position, i nvestment  in  a  subsidiary  is  stated  at  cost  less impairment loss, if any. The result of a subsidiary is accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

## 4. 重大會計政策

## (a) 綜合基準及附屬公司

綜合財務報表包括本公司及附屬公司的財務 報表。集團公司之間的公司間交易及結餘連 同未變現溢利於編製綜合財務報表時悉數對 銷。未變現虧損亦予對銷，惟倘交易提供所 轉讓資產的減值證據，則虧損於損益確認。

附屬公司為本公司可對其行使控制權的投資 對象。倘以下三個因素全部滿足，則本公司 控制該投資對象：擁有對投資對象的權力； 承擔或享有來自投資對象的可變回報的風險 或權利；及可利用其權力影響該等可變回 報。當有事實及情況顯示任何該等控制權因 素可能出現變動時，則須對控制權進行重新 評估。

於本公司的財務狀況表中，於一間附屬公司 之投資乃按成本減減值虧損 （如有） 列賬。本 公司按已收及應收股息基準將附屬公司業績 入賬。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and the costs directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other costs, such as repairs and maintenance are recognised as an expense in profit or loss  during  the  financial  period  in  which  they  are incurred.

Property, plant and equipment are depreciated so as to write off their cost net of expected residual value over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The useful lives, residual value and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

Furniture and fixtures

5 years

- Office equipment and fittings

3-5 years or over the leases terms, whichever the shorter

An asset is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if its carrying amount is higher than the asset's estimated recoverable amount (Note 4(o)).

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from the continued use of the asset.

The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sale  proceeds  and  its  carrying  amount,  and  is recognised in profit or loss on disposal.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (b) 物業、廠房及設備

物業、廠房及設備按成本減累計折舊及累計 減值虧損 （如有） 列賬。

物業、廠房及設備的成本包括其購入價及收 購該等項目直接應佔的成本。

僅於項目相關的未來經濟利益有可能流入本 集團，以及該項目的成本能可靠計量時，後 續成本方計入資產的賬面值或確認為獨立資 產 （如適用） 。被替換部分的賬面值會被終止 確認。所有其他成本 （如維修及保養） 在其產 生的財政期間於損益內確認為開支。

物業、廠房及設備採用直線法按估計可使用 年期計提折舊以撇銷其成本 （經扣除預期剩 餘價值） 。可使用年期、剩餘價值及折舊方 法於各報告期末檢討並於適當情況下作出調 整。估計使用年期如下：

傢具及固定裝置 5 年

辦公設備及裝備 3 至 5 年或按租期， 以較短者為準

倘資產的賬面值高於其估計可收回金額，則 資產會即時撇減至其可收回金額 （附註 4(o) ） 。

物業、廠房及設備項目於出售或當預期繼續 使用該資產不會產生未來經濟利益時終止確 認。

出售物業、廠房及設備項目的收益或虧損， 按出售所得款項淨額與其賬面值的差額釐 定，並於出售時於損益內確認。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments

## (i) Financial assets

A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) is initially measured at fair value plus, for an item not measured at fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL'), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable  without  a  significant  financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirely when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具

## (i) 金融資產

金融資產 （除非為並無重大融資成分的 貿易應收款項） 初步按公平值計量，對 於並非按公平值計入損益 （ 「按公平值 計入損益」 ） 的項目，則再加上與其收 購或發行直接相關的交易成本計量。 並無重大融資成分的貿易應收款項初 步按交易價格計量。

所有按常規方式購買及出售的金融資 產於交易日 （即本集團承諾購買或銷售 該資產之日） 確認。按常規方式購買或 出售指購買或出售須在一般按市場規 則或慣例設定的期間內交付的金融資 產。

對於包含嵌入式衍生工具的金融資產， 於釐定其現金流量是否僅代表支付本 金和利息時乃以整體作考慮。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (i) Financial assets (Continued)

## Debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group's business model for managing  the  asset  and  the  cash  flow characteristics  of  the  asset.  There  are  two measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments measured at:

Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

'FVTPL': Financial assets at fair value through profit  or  loss  include  financial  assets  held  for trading, financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial  assets  mandatorily  required  to  be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as described above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on i nitial  recognition  if  doing  so  eliminates,  or significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (i) 金融資產 （續）

## 債務工具

債務工具的後續計量取決於本集團管 理該資產的業務模式以及該資產的現 金流量特徵。本集團按兩個類別計量 其債務工具：

攤銷成本：持作收取合約現金流量的 資產按攤銷成本計量，其中有關現金 流量純粹指本金及利息付款。按攤銷 成本入賬的金融資產其後使用實際利 率法計量。利息收入、外匯收益及虧 損以及減值於損益確認。終止確認的 任何收益乃於損益確認。

「按公平值計入損益」 ：按公平值計入 損益的金融資產包括持作買賣的金融 資產、於初始確認時指定為按公平值 計入損益的金融資產或強制要求按公 平值計量的金融資產。倘收購金融資 產的目的為作短期出售或購回用途， 則該等金融資產分類為持作買賣。除 非衍生工具 （包括獨立嵌入式衍生工具） 被指定為實際對沖工具，否則亦分類 為持作買賣。現金流量並非僅為支付 本金及利息的金融資產分類為按公平 值計入損益計量，而不論其業務模式 如何。儘管存在上述將債務工具分類 為按攤銷成本或按公平值計入其他全 面收入的標準，債務工具仍可於初步 確認時指定為按公平值計入損益，前 提為此舉可消除或顯著減少會計錯配。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (i) Financial assets (Continued)

## Equity instruments

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group has not elect to present subsequent changes in the investment's fair  value  in  other  comprehensive income. All equity  instruments are classified as FVTPL, whereby changes in fair value, dividends and interest income are recognised in profit or loss.

## (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets

The Group recognises loss allowances for expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs')  on  trade receivables, contract assets, financial assets measured at amortised cost. The ECLs are measured on either of the following bases: (1) 12 months ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from possible default events within the 12 months after the end of reporting period; and (2) lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. The maximum period considered when  estimating  ECLs  is  the  maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit l osses.  Credit  losses  are  measured  as  the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects  to  receive.  The  shortfall  is  then discounted at an approximation to the assets' original effective interest rate.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (i) 金融資產 （續）

## 股本工具

初步確認並非持作買賣的股本投資時， 本集團不選擇於其他全面收入呈列有 關投資的後續公平值變動。所有股本 工具分類為按公平值計入損益，其中 公平值變動、股息及利息收入於損益 確認。

## (ii) 金融資產的減值虧損

本集團就貿易應收款項、合約資產、 按攤銷成本計量的金融資產確認預期 信貸虧損 （ 「預期信貸虧損」 ） 的虧損撥 備。預期信貸虧損按以下其中一項基 準計量： (1)12 個月預期信貸虧損：此 乃於報告期間結束後 12 個月內可能發 生的違約事件所導致的預期信貸虧損； 及 (2) 年限內預期信貸虧損：此乃於金 融工具預計年期內所有可能發生的違 約事件所導致的預期信貸虧損。於估 計預期信貸虧損時考慮的最長期間為 本集團面臨信貸風險的最長合約期間。

預期信貸虧損為信貸虧損的概率加權 估計。信貸虧損乃按根據合約應付本 集團所有合約現金流量與本集團預期 收取所有現金流量之間的差額計量。 該差額其後按與資產原有實際利率相 若的水平貼現。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets (Continued)

The  Group  has  elected  to  measure  loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets using HKFRS 9 simplified approach and has calculated ECLs based on lifetime ECLs. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific  to  the  debtors  and  the  economic environment.

For other debt financial assets, the ECLs are based on the 12 months ECLs. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECLs.

In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition.

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue  cost  or  effort.  This  includes  both quantitative and qualitative information analysis, based on the Group's historical experience and i nformed  credit  assessment  and  including forward-looking information.

The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if the contractual payments are more than 90 days past due.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (ii) 金融資產的減值虧損 （續）

本集團已選擇採用香港財務報告準則 第 9 號簡化法計量貿易應收款項及合 約資產的虧損撥備，並根據年限內預 期信貸虧損計算預期信貸虧損。本集 團已建立根據本集團過往信貸虧損經 驗計算的撥備矩陣，並按債務人特定 的前瞻性因素及經濟環境作出調整。

就其他債務金融資產而言，預期信貸 虧損以 12 個月預期信貸虧損為基準計 算。然而，自發生以來信貸風險顯著 增加時，撥備將按年期內預期信貸虧 損為基準計算。

於評估金融工具的信貸風險有否自初 步確認後顯著增加時，本集團會將於 報告日期所評估金融工具發生違約風 險與於初始確認日期所評估金融工具 發生違約風險進行比較。

當釐定金融資產的信貸風險有否自初 步確認後顯著增加，且於估計預期信 貸虧損時，本集團會考慮相關及無須 付出過度成本或努力後即可獲得的合 理可靠資料。此包括根據本集團的過 往經驗及已知信貸評估得出定量及定 性的資料分析，並包括前瞻性資料。

本集團假定合約付款逾期超過 90 日即 表示金融資產的信貸風險已大幅增加。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment loss on financial assets (Continued)

The Group considers a financial asset to be credit-impaired when: (1) the borrower is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or (2) the financial asset is more than 365 days past due.

Interest income on credit-impaired financial assets is calculated based on the amortised cost (i.e. the gross carrying amount less loss allowance) of the financial asset. For non-credit-impaired financial assets interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount.

## (iii) Financial liabilities

The Group classifies its  financial  liabilities, depending on the purpose for which the liabilities were incurred. Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are initially measured at fair value and financial liabilities at amortised costs are initially measured at fair value, net of directly attributable costs incurred.

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost

Financial liabilities at amortised cost including trade and other payables and lease liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. The related interest expense is recognised in profit or loss.

Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the amortisation process.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (ii) 金融資產的減值虧損 （續）

本集團認為金融資產於下列情況下存 在信貸減值： (1) 在本集團並無進行追 索 （例如變現抵押 （如持有） 的情況下借 款人不大可能向本集團悉數支付其信 貸責任；或 (2) 該金融資產逾期超過 365 日。

存在信貸減值的金融資產的利息收入 按該金融資產的攤銷成本 （即賬面總值 減虧損撥備） 計算。不存在信貸減值的 金融資產的利息收入按賬面總值計算。

## (iii) 金融負債

本集團視乎負債產生的目的劃分金融 負債。按公平值計入損益的金融負債 初步按公平值計量，而按攤銷成本列 賬的金融負債初步按公平值減所產生 直接應佔成本計量。

## 按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債

按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債 （包括貿易 及其他應付款項以及租賃負債） 其後採 用實際利率法按攤銷成本計量。相關 利息開支於損益確認。

收益或虧損於終止確認負債時透過攤 銷於損益內確認。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (iv) Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or  financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest income or interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts or payments through the expected life of the financial asset or liability, or where appropriate, a shorter period.

## (v) Equity instruments

Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## (vi) Derecognition

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the future cash flows in relation to the financial asset expire or when the financial  asset  has  been transferred and the transfer meets the criteria for derecognition in accordance with HKFRS 9.

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is discharged, cancelled or expires.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (iv) 實際利率法

實際利率法為計算金融資產或金融負 債攤銷成本及就有關期間分配利息收 入或利息開支的方法。實際利率為透 過金融資產或負債預測年期或 （如適用） 較短期間準確貼現估計未來現金收款 或付款的利率。

## (v) 股本工具

本公司發行的股本工具按已收所得款 項扣除直接發行成本入賬。

## (vi) 終止確認

凡收取金融資產所帶來的未來現金流 量的合約權利屆滿，或金融資產經已 轉讓，而轉讓符合香港財務報告準則 第 9 號規定的終止確認標準，則本集團 終止確認該金融資產。

當相關合約訂明的責任獲解除、註銷 或屆滿時，則會終止確認金融負債。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Financial instruments (Continued)

## (vi) Derecognition (Continued)

Where  the  Group  issues  its  own  equity instruments to a creditor to settle a financial l i a b i l i t y   i n   w h o l e   o r   i n   p a r t   a s   a   r e s u l t   o f renegotiating the terms of that liability, the equity instruments issued are the consideration paid and are recognised initially and measured at their fair value on the date the financial liability or part thereof is extinguished. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued cannot be reliably measured, the equity instruments are measured to reflect the fair value of the financial liability extinguished. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability or part thereof extinguished and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss for the year.

## (d) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits  and  short-term,  high  liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible into known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## (e) Leasing

All leases (irrespective of they are operating leases or finance leases) are required to be capitalised in the statement of financial position as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, but accounting policy choices exist for an entity to choose not to capitalise (i) leases which are short-term leases and/or (ii) leases for which the underlying asset is of low-value. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for  low-value  assets  and  leases  for  which  at  the commencement date have a lease term less than 12 months. The lease payments associated with those leases have been expensed on straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (c) 金融工具 （續）

## (vi) 終止確認 （續）

倘本集團因重新磋商金融負債條款而 向債權人發行其本身的股本工具以償 付全部或部分金融負債，則已發行股 本工具為已付代價並於抵銷金融負債 或其部分當日按公平值初步確認及計 量。倘已發行股本工具的公平值不能 可靠計量，則計量股本工具以反映所 抵銷金融負債的公平值。所抵銷金融 負債或其部分的賬面值與已付代價之 間的差額年內於損益確認。

## (d) 現金及現金等價物

現金及現金等價物包括手頭現金、活期存款 及隨時可轉換為已知金額現金及承受不重大 價值變動風險，且原到期日為三個月或以內 的短期高流通性的投資。

## (e) 租賃

所有租賃 （不論為經營租賃或融資租賃） 須於 財務狀況表資本化為使用權資產及租賃負 債，惟實體擁有會計政策選擇，可選擇不將 (i) 屬短期租賃的租賃及╱或 (ii) 相關資產為低 價值的租賃進行資本化。本集團已選擇不就 低價值資產以及於開始日期租賃期少於 12 個月的租賃確認使用權資產及租賃負債。與 該等租賃相關的租賃付款已於租賃期內按直 線法支銷。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (e) Leasing (Continued)

## Right-of-use asset

The right-of-use asset should be recognised at cost and would comprise: (i) the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability (see below for the accounting policy to account for lease liability); (ii) any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; (iii) any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee and (iv) an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories. The Group measures the right-of-use assets applying a cost model. Under cost model, the Group measures the right-to-use assets at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liability. The Group has l e a s e d  a  number  of  properties  under  tenancy agreements and the right-of-use asset arising from the properties under tenancy agreements are carried at depreciated cost.

## Lease liability

The lease liability is recognised at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the date of commencement of the lease. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (e) 租賃 （續）

## 使用權資產

使用權資產應按成本確認並將包括： (i) 租賃 負債的初步計量金額 （見下文有關租賃負債 入賬的會計政策） ； (ii) 於開始日期或之前作 出的任何租賃款項減任何已收取的租賃優 惠； (iii) 承租人產生的任何初步直接成本；及 (iv) 承租人根據租賃條款及條件規定的情況 下拆除及移除相關資產時將產生的估計成 本，為生產存貨而產生的該等成本則除外。 本集團應用成本模式計量使用權資產。根據 成本模式，本集團按成本減任何累計折舊及 任何減值虧損計量使用權資產，並就租賃負 債的任何重新計量作出調整。本集團已在租 賃協議項下租賃若干物業，而租賃協議項下 的物業所產生的使用權資產按折舊成本列賬。

## 租賃負債

租賃負債按於租賃開始日期未付之租賃付款 之現值確認。租賃付款按租賃隱含利率 （倘 該利率可輕易釐定） 貼現。倘該利率無法輕 易釐定，本集團將採用本集團之增量借款利 率。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (e) Leasing (Continued)

## Lease liability (Continued)

The following payments for the right-to-use of the underlying asset during the lease term that are not paid at the commencement date of the lease are considered to be lease payments: (i) fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable: (ii) variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the  index  or  rate  as  at  commencement date; (iii) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (iv) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option and (v) payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.

Subsequent to the commencement date, the Group measures the lease liability by: (i) increasing the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability; (ii) reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made; and (iii) remeasuring the carrying amount to  reflect  any  reassessment  or  lease modifications, e.g., a change in future lease payments arising from change in an index or rate, a change in the lease term, a change in the in substance fixed lease payments or a change in assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (e) 租賃 （續）

## 租賃負債 （續）

下列於租賃期內之並非於租賃開始日期支付 之相關資產使用權所作付款被視為租賃付 款： (i) 固定付款減任何應收租賃優惠； (ii) 初 步按於開始日期之指數或利率計量之可變租 賃付款 （其取決於指數或利率） ； (iii) 承租人根 據剩餘價值擔保預期應支付之款項； (iv) 倘承 租人合理確定行使購買選擇權，該選擇權之 行使價；及 (v) 倘租賃期反映承租人行使選擇 權終止租賃，則為終止租賃的罰款付款。

於開始日期後，本集團將透過下列方式計量 租賃負債： (i) 增加賬面值以反映租賃負債之 利息； (ii) 減少賬面值以反映作出之租賃付 款；及 (iii) 重新計量賬面值以反映任何重估或 租賃修改，如指數或利率變動導致日後租賃 付款變動、租賃期變動、實質固定租賃付款 變動或購買相關資產之評估變動。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (f) Property under development

Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes the cost of land, development expenditure and other attributable expenses. Net realisable value is determined by management based on prevailing market conditions.

## (g) Inventories

I nventories  are  initially  recognised  at  cost,  and subsequently at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is  calculated using the first-in first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## (h) Income taxes

Income taxes comprise current tax and deferred tax.

Current tax is based on the profit or loss from ordinary activities adjusted for items that are non-assessable or deductible for income tax purposes and is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (f) 發展中的物業

發展中物業按成本與可變現淨值的較低者列 賬。成本包括土地成本、開發開支及其他歸 屬開支。可變現淨值由管理層根據現行市況 釐定。

## (g) 存貨

存貨初步按成本確認，其後按成本及可變現 淨值兩者中的較低者確認。成本包括所有購 貨成本、轉換成本及其他使存貨達致現時所 在地點及狀況所涉及之成本。成本乃按先進 先出法計算。可變現淨值指日常業務過程中 的估計售價減估計完成成本及進行銷售必要 的估計成本。

## (h) 所得稅

所得稅包括即期稅項及遞延稅項。

即期稅項乃基於日常業務的損益 （就所得稅 而言對毋須課稅或可扣減項目作出調整） ， 按報告期末已頒佈或實質已頒佈的稅率計算。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (h) Income taxes (Continued)

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the corresponding amounts used for tax purposes. Except for goodwill not deductible for tax purposes and initial recognition of assets and liabilities that are not part of the  business  combination  which  affect  neither accounting nor taxable profits, taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will  not reverse in the foreseeable future, deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised, provided that the deductible temporary differences are not arises from initial recognition of assets and liabilities in a transaction other than in a business combination that affects neither taxable profit nor the accounting profit.  Deferred  tax  is  measured  at  the  tax  rates appropriate to the expected manner in which the carrying amount of the asset or liability is realised or settled and that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of reporting period, and reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income tax levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (h) 所得稅 （續）

遞延稅項乃就作財務申報用途之資產及負債 之賬面值與報稅所用相應金額之間之暫時差 額確認。除不可扣稅商譽及初步確認並非業 務合併一部分 （不會影響會計或應課稅溢利） 之資產及負債外，倘於附屬公司、聯營公司 及合營企業之投資產生應課稅暫時差額，而 本集團可控制暫時差額之撥回，且暫時差額 於可見將來可能不會撥回，則就所有應課稅 暫時差額確認遞延稅項負債。在可能出現可 運用可扣稅之暫時差額抵銷應課稅溢利時， 遞延稅項資產方會確認，惟可抵扣暫時差額 並非因初步確認交易 （業務合併除外） 之資產 及負債而產生，且不會影響應課稅溢利或會 計溢利。遞延稅項乃按適用於資產或負債之 賬面值獲變現或結算之預期方式，根據於報 告期末已頒佈或大致上頒佈之稅率計量，並 反映與所得稅有關之任何不確定性。

當有合法可執行權利將即期稅項資產抵銷即 期稅項負債，且與同一稅務機關徵收之所得 稅有關，而本集團擬按淨額基準結算其即期 稅項資產及負債時，則遞延稅項資產及負債 可互相對銷。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (h) Income taxes (Continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the assets to be recovered.

Income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except when they relate  to  items  recognised  in  other comprehensive income in which case the taxes are also recognised in other comprehensive income or when they relate to items recognised directly in equity in which case the taxes are also recognised directly in equity.

## (i) Foreign currency

Transactions entered into by group entities in currencies other than the currency of the primary economic environment in which they operate (the 'functional currency') are recorded at the rates ruling when the transactions occur. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates ruling at the end of reporting period. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the translation of monetary items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the period except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary i t ems  in  respect  of  which  gains  and  losses  are recognised in other comprehensive income, in which case, the exchange differences are also recognised in other comprehensive income.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (h) 所得稅 （續）

遞延稅項資產賬面值於各報告日期進行檢 討，並在不再可能有足夠應課稅溢利以收回 全部或部分資產時作調減。

所得稅於損益確認，惟倘其與於其他全面收 益確認的項目有關，則該等稅項亦於其他全 面收益確認；或倘其與直接於權益確認的項 目有關，則該等稅項亦直接於權益確認。

## (i) 外幣

集團實體以其經營所在主要經濟環境的貨幣 （ 「功能貨幣」 ） 以外的貨幣進行的交易，乃以 進行交易時的現行匯率入賬。外幣貨幣資產 及負債按報告期末的現行匯率換算。按公平 值以外幣計值的非貨幣項目按釐定公平值當 日的現行匯率重新換算。按歷史成本以外幣 計量的非貨幣項目不作重新換算。

結算及換算貨幣項目所產生的匯兌差額於其 產生期間於損益內確認。重新換算非貨幣項 目所產生的匯兌差額按公平值計入該期間的 損益，惟重新換算有關盈虧在其他全面收益 確認的非貨幣項目所產生的差額除外，在此 情況下，有關匯兌差額亦於其他全面收益確 認。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (i) Foreign currency (Continued)

On consolidation, income and expense items of foreign operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Hong Kong dollars) at the average exchange rates for the year, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case, the rates approximating to those ruling when the transactions took place are used. All assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated at the rate ruling  at  the  end  of  reporting  period.  Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity as foreign  exchange reserve. Exchange differences recognised in profit or loss of group entities' separate financial statements on the translation of long-term monetary items forming part of the Group's net investment in the foreign operation concerned are reclassified  to  other  comprehensive  income  and accumulated in equity as foreign exchange reserve.

On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative exchange differences recognised in the foreign exchange reserve relating to that operation up to the date of disposal are reclassified to profit or loss as part of the profit or loss on disposal.

## (j) Employee benefits

## (i) Defined contribution retirement plan

Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are recognised as an expense in profit or loss  when the services are rendered by the employees.

## (ii) Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised when, and only when, the Group demonstrably commits itself  to  terminate  employment or to provide benefits as a result of voluntary redundancy by having a detailed formal plan which is without realistic possibility of withdrawal.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (i) 外幣 （續）

於綜合賬目時，境外業務的收支項目乃按年 度平均匯率換算為本集團的呈列貨幣 （即港 元） ，惟倘匯率於期內大幅波動則除外，在 此情況下，則按進行交易時採用的與適用匯 率相若的匯率換算。境外業務的所有資產及 負債按報告期末的適用匯率換算。由此產生 的匯兌差額 （如有） 於其他全面收益確認，並 於權益累計為外匯儲備。於集團實體的獨立 財務報表中就換算組成本集團有關境外業務 投資淨額一部分的長期貨幣項目而於損益確 認的匯兌差額，重新分類至其他全面收益， 並於權益累計為外匯儲備。

出售境外業務時，在外匯儲備中已確認有關 直至出售當日該項業務的累計匯兌差額，重 新分類至損益作為出售損益的一部分。

## (j) 僱員福利

## (i) 定額供款退休計劃

當僱員提供服務時，向定額供款退休 計劃作出的供款於損益內確認為開支。

## (ii) 終止福利

終止福利當且僅當本集團有詳細的正 式計劃且並無撤回該計劃的實質可能 性，並且明確表示會終止僱用或由於 自願遣散而提供福利時，方予確認。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (j) Employee benefits (Continued)

## (iii) Other employee entitlements

Short term employee benefits are employee benefits (other than termination benefits) that are expected to be settled wholly before twelve months after the end of the annual reporting period in which the employees render the related service.  Short  term  employee  benefits  are recognised in the year when the employees render the related service.

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to the employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period. Employee entitlements to sick leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

## (iv) Share-based payments

Where share options are awarded to employees and others providing similar services, the fair value of the services received is measured by reference to the fair value of the options at the date of grant. Such fair value is recognised in profit  or  loss  over  the  vesting  period  with  a corresponding increase in the share option reserve  within  equity.  Non-market  vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting the number of equity instruments expected to vest at the  end  of  each  reporting  period  so  that, ultimately, the cumulative amount recognised over the vesting period is based on the number of options that eventually vest. Market vesting conditions are factored into the fair value of the options granted. As long as all non-market vesting conditions are satisfied, a charge is made i r r e spective  of  whether  the  market  vesting conditions are satisfied. The cumulative expense is  not  adjusted for failure to achieve a market vesting condition.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (j) 僱員福利 （續）

## (iii) 其他僱員權益

短期僱員福利指終止福利以外的僱員 福利，預期於僱員提供相關服務的年 度報告期間結束後十二個月內結清。 短期僱員福利於僱員提供相關服務的 年度內確認。

僱員享有年假的權益於僱員應享受年 假時予以確認。已就僱員截至報告期 末所提供服務產生的估計年假責任作 出撥備。僱員享有病假的權益於僱員 使用病假時方予確認。

## (iv) 以股份為基礎的付款

倘向僱員及提供類似服務的其他人士 授出購股權，所接收服務的公平值乃 參考購股權於授出日期的公平值計量。 有關公平值將於歸屬期內在損益確認， 而權益內的購股權儲備則會相應增加。 非市場歸屬條件通過調整預期於各報 告期末歸屬的股本工具數目予以考慮， 最終致令於歸屬期內確認的累計金額 按最終歸屬的購股權數目計算。市場 歸屬條件計入已授出購股權的公平值。 只要達成所有非市場歸屬條件，則會 作出扣除，而不論是否達成市場歸屬 條件。倘未能達成市場歸屬條件，則 不會調整累計開支。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (j) Employee benefits (Continued)

## (iv) Share-based payments (Continued)

Where the terms and conditions of options are modified before they vest, the increase in the fair value of the options, measured immediately before  and  after  the  modification,  is  also recognised in profit or loss over the remaining vesting period.

## (k) Revenue recognition

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods or service may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods or service is transferred over time if the Group's performance:

- provides	 all	 of	 the	 benefits	 received	 and consumed simultaneously by the customer;
- creates	or	enhances	an	asset	that	the	customer controls as the Group performs; or
- does	not	create	an	asset	with	an	alternative	use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

If  control of the goods or services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by  reference  to  the  progress  towards  complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods or service.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (j) 僱員福利 （續）

## (iv) 以股份為基礎的付款 （續）

倘購股權的條款及條件於歸屬前修改， 則於緊接及緊隨該修改前後所計量的 購股權公平值增幅亦會於餘下歸屬期 內在損益確認。

## (k) 收益確認

來自客戶合約的收益於貨品或服務的控制權 轉移至客戶時確認，其金額反映本集團預期 就換取該等貨品或服務有權收取的代價，惟 不包括代表第三方收取的金額。收益不包括 增值稅或其他銷售稅，並已扣除任何貿易折 扣。

根據合約條款及適用於合約的法例，貨品或 服務的控制權可隨時間或於某一時間點轉 移。倘本集團履約時出現以下情況，則貨品 或服務的控制權隨時間轉移：

- 提供客戶同時取得並耗用的所有利益；
- 在本集團履約時，創造或提升客戶控 制的資產；或
- 並未創造讓本集團有替代用途的資產， 且本集團對迄今已完成履約的付款具 有可強制執行的權利。

倘貨品或服務的控制權隨時間轉移，則於合 約期間參照全面履行該履約責任的進度確認 收益。否則，收益於客戶獲得貨品或服務控 制權的時間點確認。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (k) Revenue recognition (Continued)

When the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at  the  present  value  of  the  amount  receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liabilities under the effective interest method. For contracts where the period between the payment and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

## (i) Revenue from Contracting

Revenue from construction works transferred over time is recognised progressively by reference to the proportion of contract costs incurred to date compared to expected total cost, which depict the transfer of control of the goods or services to the customer.

The Group recognises revenue over time only if it can reasonably measure its progress toward complete satisfaction  of  the  performance obligation.  However,  if  the  Group  cannot reasonably measure the outcome but expects to recover the costs incurred in satisfying the performance obligation, then it  recognises revenue to the extent of the costs incurred.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (k) 收益確認 （續）

當合約包含融資成分而該融資成分為客戶提 供超過一年的重大融資利益時，收益按應收 款項的現值計量，並使用與客戶進行單獨融 資交易所反映貼現率貼現，而利息收入則根 據實際利率法單獨累計。當合約包含融資成 分而該融資成分為本集團提供重大融資利益 時，根據合約確認的收益包括根據實際利率 法在合約負債上加算的利息開支。就付款至 轉讓承諾貨品或服務期限為一年或以下的合 約而言，根據香港財務報告準則第 15 號項 下可行權宜方法，交易價格不會就重大融資 成分的影響作出調整。

## (i) 來自承建的收益

隨時間轉移的建築合約收益乃參考迄 今已產生合約成本佔預期總成本的比 例逐步確認，以描述向客戶轉讓貨品 或服務的控制權。

本集團僅會在可合理計量全面達成履 約責任的進展的情況下隨時間確認收 益。然而，倘本集團無法合理計量有 關結果，但預期可收回於達成履約責 任時產生的成本，則會按已產生成本 確認收益。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (k) Revenue recognition (Continued)

## (ii) Revenue from Building Solutions

Revenue for trading of products with a focus on air  quality  and  sustainable  building  materials generally  includes  only  one  performance obligation. The Group has concluded that revenue from trading of products with a focus on air quality and sustainable building materials should be recognised at the point in time when control of the products is transferred to the customer, generally when the products are delivered to and the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to customer.

## (iii) Other income

Interest income is accrued on a time basis on the principal outstanding at the applicable interest rate.

## (iv) Dividend income

Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss is recognised when the right to receive the dividend is established.

## (l) Construction contracts

## Contract assets and liabilities

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for services that the Group has  transferred  to  a  customer  that  is  not  yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (k) 收益確認 （續）

## (ii) 來自 Building Solutions 的收益

專注於空氣質量及可持續性建築材料 的產品貿易收益通常僅包括一項履約 責任。本集團認為來自專注於空氣質 量及可持續性建築材料的產品貿易收 益應於產品控制權轉移予客戶之時間 點確認，一般為當產品交付予客戶以 及過時及損失風險轉移予客戶時。

## (iii) 其他收入

利息收入就未償還本金根據適用利率 按時間基準累計。

## (iv) 股息收入

按公平值計入損益的金融資產的股息 收入於收取股息的權利確立時確認。

## (l) 建築合約

## 合約資產及負債

合約資產指本集團就換取其已轉移至客戶的 服務收取代價的權利，惟該權利尚未成為無 條件。相對而言，應收款項指本集團收取代 價的無條件權利，即代價到期付款前僅需時 間推移。

合約負債指本集團就其已向客戶收取的代價 （或到期的代價金額） 而向該客戶轉移服務的 責任。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (l) Construction contracts (Continued)

## Contract assets and liabilities (Continued)

Contract  asset  is  recognised  when  the  Group completes the construction works under such services contracts but yet certified by architects, surveyors or other representatives appointed by customers. Any amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at the point at which it is  invoiced  to  the  customer.  If  the  considerations (including advances received from customers) exceeds the revenue recognised to date under the input method then the Group recognises a contract liability for the difference.

## Contract costs

The Group recognises an asset from the costs incurred to fulfil  a  contract when those costs meet all of the following criteria:

- (a) the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify;
- (b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the entity  that  will  be  used  in  satisfying  (or  in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and
- (c) the costs are expected to be recovered.

The asset recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the cost relate. The asset is subject to impairment review.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (l) 建築合約 （續）

## 合約資產及負債 （續）

合約資產於本集團完成有關服務合約項下的 建築工程但尚未經工程師、測量師或客戶委 任的其他代表認證時確認。先前確認為合約 資產的任何金額在向客戶開具發票時重新分 類至貿易應收款項。倘代價 （包括已收客戶 墊款） 超過迄今根據輸入法確認的收益，則 本集團就差額確認合約負債。

## 合約成本

本集團在履行合約所產生的成本符合下列所 有條件時，方就該等成本確認資產：

- (a) 有關成本與實體可具體識別的合約或 預期合約直接相關；
- (b) 有關成本產生或增加實體將用以達成 （或持續達成） 日後履約責任的資源； 及
- (c) 有關成本預期可予收回。

已確認資產其後按系統化基準攤銷至損益， 該基準與向客戶轉移貨品或服務相關的成本 一致。該資產須待進行減值評估。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (m) Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets (including property, plant and equipment) are recognised as deferred income in the statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government  grants  that  are  receivable  as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which they become receivable and are recognised as other revenue, rather than reducing the related expense.

The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate  of  interest  is  treated  as  a  government  grant, measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (m) 政府補助

在合理地保證本集團將會遵守政府補助的附 帶條件以及將會得到補助後，政府補助方會 予以確認。

政府補助於本集團將補助擬補償的相關成本 確認為開支的期間系統地在損益中確認。具 體而言，首要條件為本集團應購置、建造或 以其他方式收購非流動資產 （包括物業、廠 房及設備） 的政府補助於財務狀況表內確認 為遞延收入，並於有關資產的可使用年期內 系統及合理地轉撥至損益。

作為已產生的開支或虧損的補償或旨在給予 本集團的即時財務支援 （無日後相關成本） 的 應收政府補助，會於有關補助成為應收款項 及確認為其他收益 （而非減少相關開支） 的期 間在損益中確認。

低於市場利率的政府貸款產生的利益應作為 政府補助，並按已收所得款項與基於現行市 場利率的貸款公平值之間的差額進行計量。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (n) Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a legal or constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, which will probably result in an outflow of economic benefits that can be reasonably estimated.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, the existence of which will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

## (o) Impairment of assets (other than financial assets)

At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss or an impairment loss previously recognised no longer exists or may have decreased. If the recoverable amount (i.e. the greater of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use) of an asset is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  reduced  to  its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised as an expense immediately.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, to the extent that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior  years.  A  reversal  of  an  impairment  loss  is recognised as income immediately.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (n) 撥備及或然負債

當本集團因過往事件負有法律或推定責任， 而該責任可能引致能夠合理估計的經濟利益 流出時，就時間或金額不確定的負債確認撥 備。

當不太可能需要經濟利益流出，或金額不能 可靠估計時，則責任披露為或然負債，除非 經濟利益流出的可能性甚微。其存在僅可由 一項或多項未來事件的出現與否確定的潛在 責任亦披露為或然負債，除非經濟利益流出 的可能性甚微。

## (o) 資產減值 （金融資產除外）

於各報告期末，本集團檢討物業、廠房及設 備及使用權資產的賬面值，以釐定是否有任 何跡象顯示該等資產已出現減值虧損，或先 前確認的減值虧損已不存在或可能已減少。 倘資產的可收回金額 （即公平值減出售成本 與使用價值兩者的較高者） 估計少於其賬面 值，則該項資產的賬面值將調減至其可收回 金額。減值虧損即時確認為開支。

倘減值虧損其後撥回，則資產賬面值將提高 至其修訂後的估計可收回金額，惟受限於經 提高的賬面值不得超過過往年度該項資產在 並無確認減值虧損的情況下原應釐定的賬面 值。撥回的減值虧損即時確認為收入。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (o) Impairment of assets (other than financial assets) (Continued)

Value in use is based on the estimated future cash f l o w s   e x p ected  to  be  derived  from  the  asset, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

## (p) Borrowings costs

Borrowings costs attributable directly to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets which require a substantial period of time to be ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of  those  assets.  Income  earned  on  temporary investments of specific borrowings pending their expenditure  on  those  assets  is  deducted  from borrowings costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## (q) Related parties

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of key management personnel of the Group or the Company's parent.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (o) 資產減值 （金融資產除外） （續）

使用價值乃基於預期自資產產生的估計未來 現金流量，而估計未來現金流量乃採用反映 當前市場對貨幣時間價值的評估及資產特定 風險的稅前貼現率貼現至其現值。

## (p) 借款成本

購置、建造或生產合資格資產 （須較長時間 方可達致其擬定用途或出售） 直接應佔的借 款成本資本化為該等資產成本的一部分。特 定借款用作有關資產的開支前所作臨時投資 賺取的收入，從已資本化的借款成本中扣 除。所有其他借款成本於其產生期間在損益 內確認。

## (q) 關聯方

- (a) 有關人士或其近親家屬成員與本集團 有關聯，倘該人士：
- (i) 控制或共同控制本集團；
- (ii) 對本集團有重大影響力；或
- (iii) 為本集團或本公司母公司的主要 管理層成員。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (q) Related parties (Continued)

- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions apply:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for  the  benefit  of  the  employees  of  the Group or an entity related to the Group.
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Company.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (q) 關聯方 （續）

- (b) 倘符合下列任何條件，則實體與本集 團有關聯：
- (i) 實體與本集團屬同一集團的成員 公司 （即各自母公司、附屬公司 及同系附屬公司彼此間有關聯） 。
- (ii) 一間實體為另一實體的聯營公司 或合營企業 （或另一實體為成員 公司的集團旗下成員公司的聯營 公司或合營企業） 。
- (iii) 兩間實體均為同一第三方的合營 企業。
- (iv) 一間實體為第三方實體的合營企 業，而另一實體為該第三方實體 的聯營公司。
- (v) 實體為本集團或與本集團有關聯 的實體就僱員福利設立的離職後 福利計劃。
- (vi) 實體受 (a) 中所識別人士控制或共 同控制。
- (vii) (a)(i) 中所識別人士對實體有重大 影響力或屬該實體 （或該實體的 母公司） 主要管理層成員。
- (viii) 實體或其所屬集團的任何成員公 司向本集團或本公司的母公司提 供主要管理人員服務。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (q) Related parties (Continued)

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity and include:

- (i) that person's children and spouse or domestic partner;
- (ii) children of that person's spouse or domestic partner; and
- (iii) dependents of that person or that person's spouse or domestic partner.

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, the directors are required to make judgement, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## 4. 重大會計政策 （續）

## (q) 關聯方 （續）

有關人士的近親家屬成員指在彼等與實體的 交易中預期可能影響該人士或受該人士影響 的家屬成員，包括：

- (i) 該人士的子女及配偶或家庭伴侶；
- (ii) 該人士的配偶或家庭伴侶的子女；及
- (iii) 該人士或該人士的配偶或家庭伴侶的 受供養人。

## 5. 重大會計判斷及估計不確定性的主要來 源

在應用本集團的會計政策時，董事須就不能從其 他來源方便得到的資產與負債的賬面值作出判斷、 估計及假設。該等估計及有關假設乃根據過往經 驗及被視為相關的其他因素作出。實際結果或會 有別於該等估計。

本集團持續檢討有關估計及相關假設。如會計估 計的修訂只影響修訂估計的期間，則於該期間確 認有關修訂；如會計估計的修訂對當期及未來期 間均有影響，則於修訂當期及未來期間確認有關 修訂。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

In  addition  to  information  disclosed elsewhere in these financial  statements,  other  key  sources  of  estimation uncertainty that have significant risks of resulting in material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within next financial year are as follows:

## (i) Recognition of contract revenue

Contract revenue recognition on individual projects are dependent on management's estimation of the progress of the satisfaction of performance obligations of a construction contract over time, measuring using input method, with reference to the proportion that contract costs incurred for work performed to date to the estimated total costs for the contracts. The Group reviews and revises the estimates of contract revenue, contract costs, variation orders and contract claims prepared for each contract as the contract progresses. Budgeted contract income is determined in accordance with  the  terms  set  out  in  the  relevant  contracts. Budgeted contract costs which mainly comprise subcontracting charges and cost of materials are prepared  by  the  management  on  the  basis  of quotations from time to time provided by the major contractors, suppliers or vendors involved and the experience of the management. In order to keep the budget accurate and up-to-date, the management conducts periodic reviews on the management budgets by comparing the budgeted amounts to the actual amounts incurred and the value of work performed as certified by quantity surveyors where applicable.

## 5. 重大會計判斷及估計不確定性的主要來 源 （續）

## 估計不確定性的主要來源

除該等財務報表其他章節所披露資料外，具有可 導致資產與負債的賬面值於下一個財政年度內出 現大幅調整的重大風險的估計不確定性其他主要 來源如下：

## (i) 確認合約收益

本集團根據管理層對一段時間內建造合約的 履約責任完成進度的估計就個別項目確認合 約收益，有關合約收益採用輸入法計量，並 已參照迄今所進行工程產生的合約成本佔估 計合約總成本的比例。本集團隨合約進度檢 討及修改就各合約所編製合約收益、合約成 本、變更令及合約索償的估計。預算合約收 入根據相關合約所載條款釐定。預算合約成 本 （主要包括分包費用及物料成本） 由管理層 根據主要承包商、供應商或有關賣方不時提 供的報價以及管理層的經驗編製。為保持預 算準確及貼近最新情況，管理層透過比較預 算金額與實際產生金額及經工料測量師證實 的所執行工作價值 （倘適用） 定期檢討管理層 預算。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (CONTINUED)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (ii) Impairment of financial and contract assets

The Group makes loss allowance on financial and contract assets based on assumptions about risk of default and expected credit loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

## (iii) Fair value measurement

The fair value measurement of the Group's financial and non-financial assets and liabilities utilises  market observable inputs and data as far as possible. Inputs used in determining fair value measurements are categorised  into  different  levels  based  on  how observable the inputs used in the valuation technique utilised are (the 'fair value hierarchy'):

- Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted);
- Level 2: Observable direct or indirect inputs other than Level 1 inputs;
- Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data).

The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that has a significant effect on the fair value measurement of the item. Transfers of items between levels are recognised in the period they occur.

The Group measures financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 17) at fair value.

For more detailed information in relation to the fair value measurement of the item above, please refer to the applicable note.

## 5. 重大會計判斷及估計不確定性的主要來 源 （續）

## 估計不確定性的主要來源 （續）

## (ii) 金融及合約資產減值

本集團基於有關違約風險及預期信貸虧損率 的假設作出金融及合約資產虧損撥備。本集 團運用判斷基於本集團過往歷史、現行市場 狀況以及各報告期末的前瞻性估計作出該等 假設及選擇用於減值計算的輸入數據。

## (iii) 公平值計量

本集團金融及非金融資產及負債的公平值計 量盡量利用市場可觀察的輸入值及數據。於 釐定公平值計量時使用之輸入值，乃根據所 利用估值技術中使用的輸入值之可觀察程度 而分類為不同級別 （ 「公平值層級」 ） ：

- 第一級： 相同項目於活躍市場之報價 （未經 調整） ；

- 第二級：

除第一級輸入值外之可直接或間 接觀察之輸入值；

- 第三級：

無法觀察之輸入值 （即並非源自市 場之數據） 。

分類為上述等級的項目乃基於所使用對該項 目公平值計量產生重大影響之最低等級輸入 值確定。等級之間項目轉撥於其產生期間確 認。

本集團按公平值計量按公平值計入損益的金 融資產 （附註 17 ） 。

有關上述項目的公平值計量的更多詳情請參 閱適用附註。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING

The executive directors of the Company, who are the chief operating decision-makers ('CODM') of the Group, review the Group's internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management has determined the operating segments based on reports reviewed by the executive directors of the Company that are used to make strategy decision.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group has three reportable segments. The segments are managed separately as each business offers different services and requires different  business  strategies.  The  following  summary describes the operations in each of the Group's reportable segments:

Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of HKFRS 15:

- Contracting	-	provision	of	renovation	services	as	a main contractor for property projects in the private sector in Hong Kong and Macau
- Building	Solutions	-	provision	of	products	and	services with a focus on air quality, energy efficiency and modern sustainable building materials

Revenue from other sources:

- Strategic	Investments	-	investment	in	listed	securities

## 6. 分部報告

本公司執行董事 （為本集團的主要營運決策人 （ 「主 要營運決策人」 ） 審閱本集團的內部報告以評估表 現及分配資源。管理層已基於本公司執行董事審 閱的報告釐定用以作出策略決定的經營分部。

於截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，本集團 有三個可報告分部。由於各業務提供不同的服務 及需要不同的業務策略，該等分部分開管理。以 下概述本集團各可報告分部的營運：

符合香港財務報告準則第 15 號範圍的來自客戶的 合約收益：

- 承建 -於香港及澳門私營機構物業項目擔 任總承建商提供翻新服務
- Building Solutions 提供產品及服務，專注 於空氣質量、能源效率及現代可持續性建築 材料

來自其他渠道的收益：

- 策略投資 -投資於上市證券

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

- (a) The segment revenue and results for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021:

## Year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. 分部報告 （續）

- (a) 截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度的分部收益及業績如下：

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Strategic  Investments  Total  承建  Building  Solutions  戰略投資  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue &amp; other  gains/(losses)  收益及其他  收益╱ （虧損）  403,888  1,690  300  405,878  Inter-segment revenue  分部間收益  -  -  -  -  Segment Revenue from  external customers and  other sources  來自外部客戶及  其他渠道的  分部收益  403,888  1,690  300  405,878  Segment profit/(loss)  分部溢利╱ （虧損）  40,206  (2,706)  (709)  36,791  Bank interest income  銀行利息收入  11  Unallocated corporate  expenses  未分配公司開支  (2,757)  Finance costs  融資成本  (353)  Profit before income  tax expense  除所得稅開支前  溢利  33,692   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

- (a) The segment revenue and results for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021: (Continued)

## Year ended 31 March 2021

## 6. 分部報告 （續）

- (a) 截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度的分部收益及業績如下： （續）

## 截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Strategic  Investments  Total  承建  Building  Solutions  戰略投資  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue &amp; other  gains/(losses)  收益及其他  收益╱ （虧損）  510,958  299  45,468  556,725  Inter-segment revenue  分部間收益  -  (23)  -  (23)  Segment Revenue from  external customers and  other sources  來自外部客戶及  其他渠道的  分部收益  510,958  276  45,468  556,702  Segment profit/(loss)  分部溢利╱ （虧損）  17,742  (1,546)  43,867  60,063  Bank interest income  銀行利息收入  468  Unallocated corporate  expenses  未分配公司開支  (4,417)  Finance costs  融資成本  (316)  Profit before income  tax expense  除所得稅開支前  溢利  55,798   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Inter-segment transactions are priced with reference to prices charged to external parties for similar order.

Segment results represent the profit earned or loss incurred by each segment without allocation of certain bank interest income, corporate expenses and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

分部間交易乃參考就類似訂單向外部人士收 取的價格定價。

分部業績乃各分部賺取之溢利或產生之虧 損，不包括銀行利息收入、公司開支及融資 成本之分配。此乃向主要營運決策人所報告 作為資源分配及表現評估的基準。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

- (b) The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

## Year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. 分部報告 （續）

- (b) 於二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日的 分部資產及負債如下：

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Strategic  Investments  Total  承建  Building  Solutions  戰略投資  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Segment assets  分部資產  208,476  2,651  62,244  273,371  Unallocated assets  未分配資產  44,328  317,699  Segment liabilities  分部負債  143,617  122  25  143,764  Unallocated liabilities  未分配負債  6,264  150,028   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year ended 31 March 2021

截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Strategic  Investments  Total  承建  Building  Solutions  戰略投資  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Segment assets  分部資產  226,192  1,493  120,996  348,681  Unallocated assets  未分配資產  47,536  396,217  Segment liabilities  分部負債  207,020  47  15  207,082  Unallocated liabilities  未分配負債  7,921  215,003   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources among segments:

- -all  assets  are  allocated  to  reportable  and operating segments other than certain other receivables, right-of-use assets and certain cash and cash equivalents; and
- -all  liabilities  are  allocated  to  reportable  and operating segments other than certain other payables and lease liabilities.

為監控分部表現及在分部之間分配資源：

- -除若干其他應收款項、使用權資產及 若干現金及現金等價物外，所有資產 均分配至可呈報及經營分部；及
- -除若干其他應付款項及租賃負債外， 所有負債均分配至可呈報及經營分部。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

## (c) Geographical information

The Group operates in two principal geographical areas - Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group's revenue derived from Contracting and Building Solutions segments from external customers for  the  years  ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 are analysed as follows:

## Year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. 分部報告 （續）

## (c) 地域資料

本集團在兩個主要地理區域經營 -香港及 澳門。

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度，本集團源自外部客戶的承建及 Building Solutions 分部的收益分析如下：

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Revenue from external customers  來自外部客戶的收益  承建  Building  Solutions  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Hong Kong  香港  403,888  1,667  Macau  澳門  -  -  Others  其他  -  23  403,888  1,690   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year ended 31 March 2021

截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度

| Contracting  Building  Solutions  Revenue from external customers  來自外部客戶的收益  承建  Building  Solutions  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Hong Kong  香港  510,709  158  Macau  澳門  249  -  Others  其他  -  118  510,958  276   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 6. SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED)

## (c) Geographical information (Continued)

The following table provides an analysis of the Group's non-current assets ('Specified non-current assets'):

## 6. 分部報告 （續）

## (c) 地域資料 （續）

下表載列有關本集團非流動資產 （ 「指定非流 動資產」 ） 的分析：

| As at 31 March  Specified non-current assets  指定非流動資產  於三月三十一日  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Hong Kong  香港  5,226  4,186  Macau  澳門  -  -  5,226  4,186   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-current asset information above excludes financial assets at FVTPL and is based on the physical locations of the respective assets.

## (d) Information about major customers

Revenues derived from contracting segment from each of the major customers accounted for 10% or more of the Group's total revenue from external customers are set out below:

上述非流動資產資料不包括按公平值計入損 益的金融資產，其乃根據有關資產的實際位 置劃分。

## (d) 有關主要客戶的資料

來自各主要客戶 （佔本集團外部客戶總收益 10% 或以上） 的承建分部的收益載列如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Customer I  客戶  I  77,600  N/A  不適用  Customer II  客戶  II  69,910  N/A  不適用  Customer III  客戶  III  N/A  不適用  116,912  Customer IV  客戶  IV  N/A  不適用  95,778  Customer V  客戶  V  N/A  不適用  76,815  Customer VI  客戶  VI  N/A  不適用  67,247   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 7. REVENUE AND OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS

Revenue and other (losses)/gains recognised during the year comprises the following:

## 7. 收益及其他 （虧損） ╱收益

於年內確認的收益及其他 （虧損） ╱收益包括下列 各項：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Revenue  收益  Revenue from Contracting  來自承建的收益  403,888  510,958  Revenue from Building Solutions  來自  Building Solutions  的收益  1,690  276  Dividend income from financial assets at  FVTPL  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  的股息收入  1,913  1,902  407,491  513,136  Other (losses)/gains  其他 （虧損） ╱收益  Net realised and unrealised  (losses)/gains on financial  assets at FVTPL  按公平值計入損益的  金融資產的已變現及未變現  （虧損） ╱收益淨額  (1,613)  43,566  405,878  556,702  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Timing of revenue recognition within  scope of HKFRS 15:  香港財務報告準則第  15  號  範圍內的收益確認時間：  Revenue from Contracting - Over time  來自承建的收益  -  隨時間  403,888  510,958  Revenue from Building Solutions  - At a point in time  來自  Building Solutions  的收益  -  按時間點  1,690  276  405,578  511,234   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For timing of revenue recognition, dividend income falls outside the scope of HKFRS 15.

The Group has applied the practical expedient to its sales contracts for Contracting and therefore the above information does not include information about revenue that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the contracts for Contracting that had an original expected duration of one year or less.

就收益確認時間而言，股息收入不屬於香港財務 報告準則第 15 號範圍內。

本集團已對其承建的銷售合約採用可行合宜計策， 因此，上述資料並不包括有關本集團達成原預計 年期為一年或以下的承建合約項下的剩餘履約責 任時有權收取的收益的資料。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 8. OTHER INCOME

## 8. 其他收入

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Bank interest income  銀行利息收入  11  468  Government grants (Note)  政府補助 （附註）  204  5,435  215  5,903   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the amount included in profit or loss was HK$194,000 of government grants obtained relating to support the payroll of the Group's employees from the Macau Government. For the year ended 31 March 2021, the amount included in profit or loss was HK$5,395,000 of government grants obtained relating to support the payroll of the Group's employees from the Hong Kong Government and the Macau Government. The Group had to commit to spending the assistance from the Hong Kong Government on payroll expenses, and not to reduce employee head count below prescribed levels for a specified period of time. At the end of the reporting period, the Group does not have any unfulfilled obligations relating to these programs.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, HK$10,000 (2021: HK$40,000) represented training grants obtained from the Construction Innovation and Technology Fund ('CITF') under Construction Industry Council. Under the CITF, the Group should commit to spend the grants on Building Information Modeling ('BIM') training and BIM Software with specific vendors. The Group does not have other unfulfilled obligations relating to these programs.

## 9. FINANCE COSTS

附註：

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度，計入損益的金額為自 澳門政府取得的與支持本集團僱員工資有關的政府補助 194,000 港元。截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度，計入 損益的金額為自香港政府及澳門政府取得的與支持本集團僱 員工資有關的政府補助 5,395,000 港元。本集團須承諾將香 港政府的援助用於支付工資開支，且在特定時期內不得將員 工人數減少至低於規定水平。於報告期末，本集團並無有關 該等計劃的任何未履行責任。

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度， 10,000 港元 （二零 二一年： 40,000 港元） 為來自建造業議會下的建造業創新及 科技基金 （ 「建造業創科基金」 ） 的培訓補助。根據建造業創 科基金的規定，本集團應承諾將有關補助用於建築資訊模擬 （ 「 BIM 」 ） 培訓及 BIM 軟件 （限於特定供應商） 。本集團並無與 該等計劃有關的其他尚未履行的責任。

## 9. 融資成本

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Interest expenses on lease liabilities  租賃負債的利息開支  353  316   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 10.  PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Profit before income tax expense is arrived after charging/ (crediting):

## 除所得稅開支前溢利

除所得稅開支前溢利乃經扣除╱ （計入） 下列各項 後達致：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Auditor's remuneration  核數師薪酬  920  860  Depreciation of property,  plant and equipment  物業、廠房及設備折舊  620  211  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  使用權資產折舊  2,618  2,558  Staff costs including directors' emoluments:  員工成本 （包括董事薪酬） ：  - Salaries and allowances  -  薪金及津貼  66,943  65,119  - Contributions on defined contribution  retirement plans  -  定額供款退休計劃供款  1,520  1,596  68,463  66,715  Short term leases expenses  短期租賃開支  427  411  Covid-19-related rent concessions  Covid-19  相關租金減免  -  (306)  Gain on lease modification  租賃修改收益  (324)  -  Foreign exchange loss/(gain), net  匯兌虧損╱ （收益） 淨額  445  (177)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

The amount of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represents:

## 11. 所得稅開支

綜合損益及其他全面收益表所載所得稅開支金額 指：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Current tax - Hong Kong Profits Tax  即期稅項  -  香港利得稅  - tax for the year  -  年內稅項  7,251  1,761  - over provision in respect of prior years  -  過往年度超額撥備  (16)  (41)  7,235  1,720  Current tax - overseas  即期稅項  -  海外  - tax for the year  -  年內稅項  -  -  7,235  1,720   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the Hong Kong two-tiered profits tax rates regime (the 'Regime'), the first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits of one subsidiary of the Group, which is a qualifying corporation, is  taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits at 16.5%. The profits of other group entities not elected for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at 16.5%.

For the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated in accordance with the Regime.

Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in Macau and with the short-term tax incentives granted by the Macau Government, the Group's subsidiary in Macau was subject to complementary tax at the rate of 12% for taxable profits over the tax threshold of MOP600,000 for the tax year ended 31 December 2021. The Macau Government has not yet announced the tax threshold for the tax year ending 31 December 2022.

根據香港利得稅兩級制 （ 「該制度」 ） ，合資格企業 的本集團附屬公司的首 2,000,000 港元應課稅盈利 稅率為 8.25% ，而餘下的應課稅盈利則為 16.5% 。 不選取利得稅兩級制的其他集團實體之盈利將繼 續按稅率 16.5% 課稅。

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日止年 度，香港利得稅乃按照該制度計算。

根據澳門相關法律及法規以及基於澳門政府給予 的短期稅項優惠，本集團澳門附屬公司於截至二 零二一年十二月三十一日止稅務年度，須就稅收 起徵點澳門幣 600,000 元以上的應課稅溢利，按 12% 的稅率繳納所得補充稅。澳門政府尚未宣佈 截至二零二二年十二月三十一日止稅務年度的稅 收起徵點。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 11.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

The income tax for the year can be reconciled to the profit before income tax expense in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

## 11. 所得稅開支 （續）

年內所得稅與綜合損益及其他全面收益表中除所 得稅開支前溢利的對賬如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Profit before income tax expense  除所得稅開支前溢利  33,692  55,798  Tax charge calculated at Hong Kong profits  tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%)  按香港利得稅稅率  16.5%  （二零二一年：  16.5%  ）  計算的稅項開支  5,559  9,206  Tax effect of revenue not taxable  for tax purposes  毋須課稅收益的稅務影響  (477)  (8,505)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible  for tax purposes  不可扣稅開支的稅務影響  571  322  Over provision in respect of prior years  過往年度超額撥備  (16)  (41)  Tax reduction in current year  本年度稅項減少  (10)  -  Effect of the Regime  該制度的影響  (165)  (165)  Tax effect of tax loss and other temporary  differences not recognised  未確認稅項虧損及其他暫時  差額的稅務影響  1,773  903  Income tax expense  所得稅開支  7,235  1,720   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had estimated unused tax l o s s e s   o f   a p p r o x i m a t e l y   H K $ 1 9 , 6 9 4 , 0 0 0   ( 2 0 2 1 : HK$8,885,000) available for offsetting against future profits. The tax losses arising from a subsidiary in Macau of approximately HK$2,163,000 (2021: HK$430,000) can be carried forward for 3 years and are subject to the final assessment by the tax authority in Macau, the remaining unused tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the estimated unused tax losses due to unpredictability of future profit streams.

No deferred tax has been provided in the consolidated financial  statements  as  no  other  material  temporary differences had risen during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團估計未動用 稅 項 虧 損 約 19,694,000 港 元 （ 二 零 二 一 年： 8,885,000 港元） 可供抵銷未來溢利。澳門附屬公 司產生的稅項虧損約 2,163,000 港元 （二零二一年： 430,000 港元） 可結轉 3 年，並須經澳門稅務機關 最終評估後方可作實，其餘未動用的稅項虧損可 無限期結轉。由於無法預測未來溢利來源，故並 無就估計未動用稅項虧損確認遞延稅項資產。

由於截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度並無產生其他重大暫時差額，故並無於綜 合財務報表計提遞延稅項撥備。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 12.  DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS, HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS

## (a) Directors' emoluments

Directors' emoluments is disclosed as follows:

## Year ended 31 March 2022

## 12. 董事薪酬、最高薪酬人士及高級管理層 薪酬

## (a) 董事薪酬

董事薪酬披露如下：

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Discretionary  bonuses  Contribution  on defined  contribution  retirement  plans  Total  袍金  薪金、津貼及  其他福利  酌情花紅  定額供款  退休計劃供款  總計  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Executive directors  執行董事  Neil David HOWARD  Neil David HOWARD  240  2,508  2,650  18  5,416  Steven Paul SMITHERS  Steven Paul SMITHERS  240  2,388  2,550  18  5,196  Independent non-executive directors  獨立非執行董事  Richard Gareth WILLIAMS  Richard Gareth WILLIAMS  (i)  123  -  -  -  123  Robert Peter ANDREWS  Robert Peter ANDREWS  240  -  -  -  240  David John KENNEDY  David John KENNEDY  240  -  -  -  240  Martin WOODS  Martin WOODS  (ii)  118  -  -  -  118  Total  總計  1,201  4,896  5,200  36  11,333   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 12.  DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS, HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (a) Directors' emoluments (Continued)

## Year ended 31 March 2021

## 12. 董事薪酬、最高薪酬人士及高級管理層 薪酬 （續）

## (a) 董事薪酬 （續）

## 截至二零二一年三月三十一日止年度

| Fees  Salaries,  allowances  and other  benefits  Discretionary  bonuses  Contribution  on defined  contribution  retirement  plans  Total  袍金  薪金、津貼及  其他福利  酌情花紅  定額供款  退休計劃供款  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Executive directors  執行董事  Neil David HOWARD  Neil David HOWARD  218  1,997  2,280  18  4,513  Steven Paul SMITHERS  Steven Paul SMITHERS  218  1,901  2,080  18  4,217  Independent non-executive directors  獨立非執行董事  Richard Gareth WILLIAMS  Richard Gareth WILLIAMS  218  -  -  -  218  Robert Peter ANDREWS  Robert Peter ANDREWS  218  -  -  -  218  David John KENNEDY  David John KENNEDY  218  -  -  -  218  Total  總計  1,090  3,898  4,360  36  9,384   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) Richard Gareth WILLIAMS stepped down as independent non-executive director of the Company on 4 October 2021.
- (ii) Martin WOODS was appointed as independent nonexecutive director of the Company on 4 October 2021.
- (iii) During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an i nducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. In addition, none of the directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

附註：

- (i) Richard Gareth WILLIAMS 於二零二一年十月 四日退任本公司獨立非執行董事。
- (ii) Martin WOODS 於二零二一年十月四日獲委任 為本公司獨立非執行董事。
- (iii) 截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日止 年度，本集團概無向董事支付任何薪酬，作為 招攬或加入本集團時的獎勵或作為離職補償。 此外，於截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月 三十一日止年度概無董事放棄或同意放棄任何 薪酬。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 12.  DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS, HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (b) Five highest paid individuals

The five highest paid individuals for the year include two (2021: two) directors. The emoluments of the remaining three (2021: three) non-director highest paid individuals for the year are as follows:

## 12. 董事薪酬、最高薪酬人士及高級管理層 薪酬 （續）

## (b) 五名最高薪酬人士

年內，五名最高薪酬人士包括兩名 （二零 二一年：兩名）董事。其餘三名 （二零二一 年：三名） 非董事最高薪酬人士於本年度的 薪酬如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Salaries, allowances and other benefits  薪金、津貼及其他福利  6,764  5,866  Contributions on defined contribution  retirement plans  定額供款退休計劃供款  54  54  6,818  5,920   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of non-director highest paid individuals whose emoluments felt within the following bands for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度，薪酬介乎下列範圍的非董事最高薪 酬人士的人數如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  No. of  individuals  No. of  individuals  人數  人數  HK$Nil-HK$1,000,000  零港元至  1,000,000  港元  -  -  HK$1,000,001-HK$1,500,000  1,000,001  港元至  1,500,000  港元  -  -  HK$1,500,001-HK$2,000,000  1,500,001  港元至  2,000,000  港元  1  2  HK$2,000,001-HK$2,500,000  2,000,001  港元至  2,500,000  港元  1  1  HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000  2,500,001  港元至  3,000,000  港元  -  -  HK$3,000,001-HK$3,500,000  3,000,001  港元至  3,500,000  港元  1  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 12.  DIRECTORS' EMOLUMENTS, HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (b) Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

The remaining highest paid individuals are directors of the Company whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 12(a) above.

During the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. In addition, none of the five highest paid individuals waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## (c) Senior management's emoluments

Emoluments paid or payable to members of senior management who are not directors were within the following bands:

## 12. 董事薪酬、最高薪酬人士及高級管理層 薪酬 （續）

## (b) 五名最高薪酬人士 （續）

其餘最高薪酬人士為本公司董事，其薪酬於 上文附註 12(a) 所呈列分析中反映。

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度，本集團概無向五名最高薪酬人士支 付任何薪酬，作為招攬或加入本集團時的獎 勵或作為離職補償。此外，於截至二零二二 年及二零二一年三月三十一日止年度五名最 高薪酬人士概無放棄或同意放棄任何薪酬。

## (c) 高級管理層薪酬

已付或應付非董事高級管理層成員的薪酬介 乎下列範圍：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  No. of  individuals  No. of  individuals  人數  人數  HK$Nil-HK$1,000,000  零港元至  1,000,000  港元  -  1  HK$1,000,001-HK$1,500,000  1,000,001  港元至  1,500,000  港元  2  1  HK$1,500,001-HK$2,000,000  1,500,001  港元至  2,000,000  港元  1  2  HK$2,000,001-HK$2,500,000  2,000,001  港元至  2,500,000  港元  1  1  HK$2,500,001-HK$3,000,000  2,500,001  港元至  3,000,000  港元  -  -  HK$3,000,001-HK$3,500,000  3,000,001  港元至  3,500,000  港元  1  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 13.  DIVIDENDS

13. 股息

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Interim dividend declared and paid (Note (i))  已宣派及派付中期股息 （附註  (i)  ）  8,000  8,000  Proposed final dividend (Note (ii))  建議末期股息 （附註  (ii)  ）  8,000  32,000  16,000  40,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (i) The interim dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 March 2022 of HK1.0 cent (2021: HK1.0 cent) per ordinary share, amounting to HK$8.0 million (2021: HK$8.0 million) was paid on 28 December 2021.
- (ii) The final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 March 2022 of HK1.0 cent per ordinary share, amounting to HK$8.0 million, has been proposed by the Directors and is subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting. The final dividend declared subsequent to 31 March 2022 has not been recognised as a liability as at 31 March 2022.

The final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 March 2021 of HK4.0 cents per ordinary share, amounting to HK$32.0 million was paid on 15 October 2021. No final dividend was paid in respect of the year ended 31 March 2020.

## 14.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

The calculation of basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 March 2022 is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$27,010,000 (2021: approximately HK$54,390,000) and on the weighted average number of 800,000,000 (2021: 800,000,000) ordinary shares in issue during the year.

Dilutive earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share because the Group has no dilutive potential shares for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

附註：

- (i) 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止財政年度的中期股息 為每股普通股 1.0 港仙 （二零二一年： 1.0 港仙） ，即合 共 8.0 百萬港元 （二零二一年： 8.0 百萬港元） ，已於二 零二一年十二月二十八日派付。
- (ii) 董事建議截至二零二二年三月三十一日止財政年度的 末期股息為每股普通股 1.0 港仙，合共 8.0 百萬港元， 惟須待本公司股東於應屆股東週年大會上批准後，方 可作實。於二零二二年三月三十一日後宣派的末期股 息尚未於二零二二年三月三十一日確認為負債。

截至二零二一年三月三十一日止財政年度的末期股息 每股普通股 4.0 港仙 （合共 32.0 百萬港元）已於二零 二一年十月十五日派付。截至二零二零年三月三十一 日止年度並無派付末期股息。

## 14. 每股盈利

截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度的每股基本 盈利乃基於本公司擁有人應佔年內溢利約 27,010,000 港元 （二零二一年：約 54,390,000 港元） 及年內已發行普通股加權平均數 800,000,000 股 （二零二一年： 800,000,000 股） 計算。

由於本集團於截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月 三十一日止年度並無潛在攤薄股份，故每股攤薄 盈利與每股基本盈利相同。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 15.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

## 15. 物業、廠房及設備

| Office  equipment  and fittings  辦公設備及裝備  HK$'000  千港元  Cost  成本  At 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  6,220  Additions  添置  337  Disposals  出售  (984)  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  5,573  Additions  添置  1,185  Disposals  出售  (38)  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  6,720  Accumulated depreciation  累計折舊  At 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  5,987  Charge for the year  年內開支  211  Disposals  出售  (984)  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  5,214  Charge for the year  年內開支  620  Disposals  出售  (38)  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  5,796  Net carrying value  賬面淨值  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  924  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  359   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

The underlying net book value of right-of-use assets recognised relate to the following types of assets:

## Properties leased for own use, carried at depreciated cost

## 16. 使用權資產

已確認使用權資產的相關賬面淨值與下列資產類 別有關：

## 自用租賃物業，按折舊成本列賬

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  At 1 April  於四月一日  3,827  5,276  Additions  添置  -  1,109  Depreciation  折舊  (2,618)  (2,558)  Effect of lease modification  租賃修改的影響  3,093  -  At 31 March  於三月三十一日  4,302  3,827   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 17.  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

## 17. 按公平值計入損益的金融資產

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Listed securities at fair value:  按公平值計量的上市證券：  Listed in Hong Kong  於香港上市  -  11,757  Listed outside Hong Kong  於香港境外上市  16,062  50,068  16,062  61,825   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18.  CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

The following table sets out details of the contract assets and contract liabilities as at the end of each reporting period:

## 18. 合約資產及合約負債

下表載列於各報告期間末合約資產及合約負債詳 情：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Costs incurred to date plus recognised  profits less recognised losses  迄今已產生的成本加已確溢利  減已確認虧損  960,693  1,167,863  Less: Progress billings to date  減：迄今的工程進度款  (892,506)  (1,088,713)  Add: Retention receivables (Note (i))  加：應收保留款項 （附註  (i)  ）  27,880  29,756  96,067  108,906   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 18.  CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

The following table sets out details of the contract assets and contract liabilities as at the end of each reporting period:

## 18. 合約資產及合約負債 （續）

下表載列於各報告期間末合約資產及合約負債詳 情：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Contract assets  合約資產  100,139  110,130  Contract liabilities  合約負債  (4,072)  (1,224)  96,067  108,906   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All contract assets and contract liabilities are arisen from the provision of renovation services. The changes in the contract assets and contract liabilities for the year were resulted from the pace of the progress of particular projects and the timing of approval for progress billing application for certain projects.

Notes:

- (i) As at 31 March 2022, the Group's retention receivables were not yet  past  due,  in  which  approximately HK$1,425,000 (2021: HK$863,000) were expected to be recovered beyond twelve months after the end of the reporting period.

Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets are as follows:

所有合約資產及合約負債均產生自提供翻新服務。 特定項目的施工進度及若干項目的工程進度款申 請審批時間均會導致年內合約資產及合約負債有 所變動。

附註：

- (i) 於二零二二年三月三十一日，本集團的應收保留款項 仍未逾期，當中約 1,425,000 港元 （二零二一年： 863,000 港元） 預期將於報告期間結束後十二個月後 收回。

影響合約資產金額的典型付款條件如下：

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 18.  CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

## Contracting

The Group's contract assets represent the Group's right to consideration for work completed but not yet billed to customers at the reporting date. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional, that is, when the Group issue progress billings to  customers based on certified amount agreed with customer. The contracts usually include a term for the customers to hold up a portion, normally around 10.0%, from each progress and final payment until a particular percentage of the total contract sum is reached. Such sum of money withheld is referred to as retention money. This amount is included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group's entitlement to this final payment is conditional on the Group's work satisfactorily passing inspection.

When the Group receives a deposit before construction services is rendered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

Movement in contract liabilities:

## 18. 合約資產及合約負債 （續）

## 承建

本集團的合約資產指本集團就於報告日期已竣工 但未向客戶計費的工程收取代價的權利。當有關 權利成為無條件時，合約資產轉撥至貿易應收款 項，即本集團基於與客戶協定的金額向客戶開具 工程進度款賬單。合約通常包括客戶自各個工程 進度及最終付款預留部分款項 （一般約 10.0% ） ， 直至達到總合約金額的特定百分比為止的條款。 有關預扣款項稱為保留金。因本集團獲得此最終 付款的權利須待本集團工程圓滿通過檢測後方可 作實，故此金額計入合約資產，直至保證期結束 為止。

倘本集團於提供建造服務前收取按金，其將導致 合約負債於合約開始生效時產生，直至就相關合 約所確認的收益超過按金金額為止。

## 合約負債變動：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Balance as at 1 April  於四月一日的結餘  1,224  19,726  Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of  recognising revenue during the year that  was included in the contract liabilities  at the beginning of the year  因年內確認年初計入合約負債  的收益導致合約負債減少  (1,224)  (19,726)  Increase in contract liabilities as a result of  billing in advance of construction activities  因建築活動預收款項導致  合約負債增加  4,072  1,224  合約負債增加  Balance as at 31 March  於三月三十一日的結餘  4,072  1,224   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 18.  CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

## Contracting (Continued)

The amount of billings in advance of performance received expected to be recognised as income for contract liabilities is as follows:

## 18. 合約資產及合約負債 （續）

## 承建 （續）

已收到的預期將確認為合約負債收入的履約預收 款賬單金額如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Within one year  一年內  4,072  1,224   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

## 19. 貿易及其他應收款項

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Trade receivables (Notes (i) and (ii))  貿易應收款項 （附註  (i)  及  (ii)  ）  25,690  55,775  Deposits and other receivables (Note (iii))  按金及其他應收款項 （附註  (iii)  ）  2,122  60,072  Prepayments  預付款項  831  1,070  28,643  116,917   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (i) The credit period granted to customers on final and progress billings is generally between 14 and 60 days from the invoice date.
- (ii) The ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of allowances) at the end of each reporting period based on the invoice date is as follows:

附註：

- (i) 授予客戶最終款項及工程進度款的信用期一般介乎發 票日期起的 14 至 60 日。
- (ii) 於各報告期末，貿易應收款項 （扣除撥備） 按發票日 期的賬齡分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Within 30 days  30  日內  25,667  53,432  31-60 days  31  至  60  日  -  657  61-90 days  61  至  90  日  -  1,686  Over 90 days  超過  90  日  23  -  25,690  55,775   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 19.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

Note: (Continued)

- (ii) (Continued)

The ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of allowances) at the end of each reporting period that are not individually nor collectively considered to be impaired is as follows:

## 19. 貿易及其他應收款項 （續）

附註： （續）

(ii)

（續）

於各報告期末被視為並無個別或共同減值的貿易應收 款項 （扣除撥備） 的賬齡分析如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Neither past due nor impaired  既未逾期亦無減值  25,036  52,870  Less than 1 month past due  逾期少於  1  個月  631  1,219  1 to 3 months past due  逾期  1  至  3  個月  -  1,686  Over 3 months past due  逾期  3  個以上  23  -  654  2,905  25,690  55,775   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables that were neither past due nor impaired primarily relate to the Group's main customers for whom there was no recent history of default.

Trade receivables that were past due but not impaired relate to a number of independent customers that have a good track record with the Group. Based on past experience, management believe that no impairment allowance is necessary in respect of these balances as there have not been a significant change in credit quality and the balances are still considered fully recoverable. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances.

- (iii) Included in the other receivables as at 31 March 2021 were the proceeds from disposal of listed securities and dividend receivables of listed securities of approximately HK$58,722,000. The balances had been fully received in April 2021.

既未逾期亦無減值的貿易應收款項主要與近期並無違 約記錄的本集團主要客戶有關。

已逾期但並無減值的貿易應收款項與多名在本集團擁 有良好往績記錄的獨立客戶有關。基於過往經驗，管 理層認為，由於信貸質素並無重大改變，且結餘仍被 視為可悉數收回，故毋須就該等結餘作出減值撥備。 本集團並無就該等結餘持有任何抵押品。

- (iii) 於二零二一年三月三十一日，其他應收款項包括出售 上市證券的所得款項及上市證券的應收股息約 58,722,000 港元。餘額已於二零二一年四月悉數收 取。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 20.  PROPERTY UNDER DEVELOPMENT

## 20.

## 發展中物業

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  At beginning of year  於年初  -  -  Additions  添置  10,943  -  Exchange realignment  匯兌調整  (693)  -  At end of year  於年末  10,250  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, leasehold interests in land included in properties under development amounted to approximately HK$10,250,000 (2021: HK$Nil) is not expected to be completed and available for sale after twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

## 21.  PLEDGED DEPOSITS

於二零二二年三月三十一日，包括在發展中物業 的土地租賃權益約為 10,250,000 港元 （二零二一 年：零港元） ，預計自報告期末起十二個月後不會 竣工，故不可供出售。

## 21. 已抵押存款

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Pledged deposits with a bank  於銀行的已抵押存款  7,730  4,826  Pledged deposits with an insurer  於保險公司的已抵押存款  7,120  9,600  14,850  14,426   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pledged deposits are placed with a bank and an insurer as securities for the performance bonds issued by the bank and insurer to certain customers on their projects. The pledged deposits will be released when the bank or insurer are satisfied that no claims will arise from the projects under the performance bonds.

已抵押存款存放於銀行及保險公司，作為該銀行 及保險公司就若干客戶的項目向其發出的履約保 證的擔保。已抵押存款將於有關銀行或保險公司 信納履約保證下的項目不會產生索償時予以解除。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 22.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

## 22. 貿易及其他應付款項

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Trade payables (Note (i))  貿易應付款項 （附註  (i)  ）  15,258  14,460  Accruals for costs of contract work  合約工程成本應計費用  83,076  149,730  Retention payables (Note (ii))  應付保留款項 （附註  (ii)  ）  28,950  34,948  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費用  8,189  10,184  135,473  209,322   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The ageing analysis of trade payables, based on invoice date, at the end of each reporting period is as follows:

附註：

(i)

於各報告期末，貿易應付款項按發票日期的賬齡分析 如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  0-30 days  0  至  30  日  11,973  13,963  31-60 days  31  至  60  日  2,854  210  61-90 days  61  至  90  日  40  -  Over 90 days  超過  90  日  391  287  15,258  14,460   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The credit period granted by suppliers is generally between 14 and 60 days from the invoice date and subcontractors is generally within 14 days after receipt of payment from customers.

- (ii) As at 31 March 2022, retention payables of approximately HK$651,000 (2021: HK$398,000) were expected to be settled beyond twelve months after the end of the reporting period.

供應商授予的信用期一般介乎發票日期起的 14 至 60 日及分包商授予的信用期一般為收訖客戶付款後 14 日內。

- (ii) 於二零二二年三月三十一日，應付保留款項約 651,000 港元 （二零二一年： 398,000 港元） 預期將於 報告期末之後逾十二個月始償付。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 23.  LEASES LIABILITIES

The Group has lease contracts for office premises. Leases of office premises generally have lease terms for two and half years to three years and lease payments are fixed over the lease terms.

## 23. 租賃負債

本集團擁有辦公室物業的租賃合約。辦公室物業 租賃的租賃期一般為兩年半至三年，而租賃期內 之租賃付款為固定。

| HK$'000  千港元  As at 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  5,579  Additions  添置  1,109  Covid-19-related rent concessions (Note)  Covid-19  相關租金減免 （附註）  (306)  Interest expenses  利息開支  316  Lease payments  租賃付款  (2,511)  As at 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  4,187  Interest expenses  利息開支  353  Lease payments  租賃付款  (2,759)  Effect of lease modification  租賃修改的影響  2,769  As at 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  4,550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The Group had elected to apply the practical expedient introduced by the amendment to HKFRS 16 to all rent concessions that satisfy the criteria. All of the rent concessions entered into during the year ended 31 March 2021 satisfied the criteria to apply the practical expedient. The application of the practical expedient had resulted in the reduction of total lease liabilities of approximately HK$306,000. The effect of this reduction had been recorded in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments occurred.

## 附註：

本集團已選擇將香港財務報告準則第 16 號之修訂本引入之 可行權宜方法應用於所有符合該標準的租金減免。於截至二 零二一年三月三十一日止年度訂立之所有租金減免均符合應 用可行權宜方法之標準。應用可行權宜方法已導致租賃負債 總額減少約 306,000 港元。該減少之影響已於發生觸發該等 付款之事件或條件之期間於損益入賬。

| As at 31 March  於三月三十一日  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Classified under:  分類為：  Current portion  流動部分  2,791  2,992  Non-current portion  非流動部分  1,759  1,195  4,550  4,187   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 23. 租賃負債 （續） 23.  LEASES LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

Future lease payments are due as follow:

未來租賃付款之到期日如下：

| Future lease  payments  Interests  Present  value  31 March 2022  二零二二年三月三十一日  未來租賃付款  利息  現值  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  Not later than one year  一年以內  2,994  203  2,791  Later than one year and not later  than two years  一年以上但於兩年內  1,789  30  1,759  4,783  233  4,550  Future lease  payments  Interests  Present  value  31 March 2021  二零二一年三月三十一日  未來租賃付款  利息  現值  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  Not later than one year  一年以內  3,169  177  2,992  Later than one year and not later  than two years  一年以上但於兩年內  885  35  850  Later than two years and not later  than five years  兩年以上但於五年內  352  7  345  4,406  219  4,187  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Short term lease expenses  短期租賃開支  427  411   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 24.  SHARE CAPITAL

The share capital as at 31 March 2022 and 2021 in the consolidated statement of financial position represented the issued share capital of the Company and as follows:

## 24. 股本

綜合財務狀況表所示於二零二二年及二零二一年 三月三十一日的股本指本公司的已發行股本，詳 情如下：

| Number of ordinary shares  Share capital  普通股數目  股本  2022  2021  2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Ordinary shares of  HK$0.01 each  每股面值  0.01  港元  的普通股  Authorised:  法定：  10,000,000,000  10,000,000,000  100,000  100,000  Issued and fully paid:  已發行及繳足：  800,000,000  800,000,000  8,000  8,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

On 20 September 2016, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the 'Share Option Scheme'). The Board of the Company may, at its discretion, invite any eligible persons who have made contributions to the Group to take up share options. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of all the shares in issue as at the date of the Listing (i.e. a total of 80,000,000 shares).

Options  granted  shall  be  taken  up  upon  payment  of  HK$1  as consideration for the grant of option. Options may be exercised at any time not exceeding a period of 10 years from the date which the share option is deemed to be granted and accepted. The subscription price is determined by the board of directors of the Company, and shall not be less than whichever is the highest of (i) the official closing price of the Company's shares as stated in daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange on the offer date; (ii) the average of the closing price of the shares as stated in daily quotations sheet of the Stock Exchange for the five  business days immediately preceding the offer date; and (iii) the nominal value of a share.

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, no share options had been granted since the adoption of the Share Option Scheme and there were no outstanding share options.

附註：

於二零一六年九月二十日，本公司採納購股權計劃 （ 「購股權 計劃」 ） 。本公司董事會可酌情邀請任何曾對本集團作出貢獻 的合資格人士承購購股權。購股權計劃的條款符合上市規則 第 17 章的規定。

購股權計劃項下可能授出的購股權所涉及股份數目上限，合 計不得超過於上市日期的已發行股份總數 10% （即合共 80,000,000 股） 。

已授出購股權須於支付作為獲授購股權代價的 1 港元款項時 承購。購股權可於不超過其被視為授出及接納當日起計十年 期間隨時行使。認購價由本公司董事會釐定，且不得少於以 下各項最高者： (i) 本公司股份於發售日期於聯交所每日報價 表所示正式收市價； (ii) 股份於緊接發售日期前五個營業日於 聯交所每日報價表所示平均收市價；及 (iii) 股份面值。

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日，概無購股權於 購股權計劃獲採納後授出，故並無尚未行使的購股權。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 25.  RESERVES

The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details  of  the  changes  in  the  Company's  individual components of reserves between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:

## 25. 儲備

本集團各綜合權益項目的期初結餘與期末結餘的 對賬載於綜合權益變動表。本公司個別儲備項目 於年初至年末的變動詳情載列如下：

| Share  premium  Retained  profits  Total  股份溢價  保留溢利  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  (Note (i))  （附註  (i)  ）  At 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  73,613  43,235  116,848  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  -  26,517  26,517  Dividend declared and paid (Note 13)  已宣派及派付股息 （附註  13  ）  -  (8,000)  (8,000)  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  73,613  61,752  135,365  Profit and total comprehensive income  for the year  年內溢利及全面收入總額  -  47,515  47,515  Dividend declared and paid (Note 13)  已宣派及派付股息 （附註  13  ）  -  (40,000)  (40,000)  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  73,613  69,267  142,880   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

## (i) Share premium

Share premium represents the excess of the proceeds received over the nominal value of the Company's shares issued.

附註：

## (i) 股份溢價

股份溢價指所收取款項超出本公司已發行股份面值的 部分。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 26. 控股公司財務狀況表 26.  HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENT OF

## FINANCIAL POSITION

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  附註  千港元  千港元  Non-current assets  非流動資產  Investment in a subsidiary  於附屬公司的投資  1  1  Current assets  流動資產  Other receivables  其他應收款項  165  188  Amounts due from subsidiaries  應收附屬公司款項  135,587  104,310  Cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物  38,898  42,586  Total current assets  流動資產總值  174,650  147,084  Current liabilities  流動負債  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費用  1,694  3,720  Amounts due to subsidiaries  應付附屬公司款項  22,077  -  Total current liabilities  流動負債總額  23,771  3,720  Net current assets  流動資產淨值  150,879  143,364  NET ASSETS  資產淨值  150,880  143,365  Capital and reserves  資本及儲備  Share capital  股本  24  8,000  8,000  Reserves  儲備  25  142,880  135,365  TOTAL EQUITY  總權益  150,880  143,365   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On behalf of directors

代表董事

| Neil David HOWARD  Steven Paul SMITHERS  Director 董事  Director 董事   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 27.  BANKING FACILITIES

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group's bank facilities were in the total of HK$95.1 million and HK$42.1 million respectively.

As at 31 March 2022, the bank facilities were guaranteed and secured by the following:

- (a) a charge on securities listed outside Hong Kong (Note 17);
- (b) a fixed and floating charge on the trade receivables of a group company;
- (c) guarantees provided by group companies;
- (d) pledged bank deposits; and
- (e) corporate guarantees issued by the Company.

As at 31 March 2021, the bank facilities were guaranteed and secured by the following:

- (a) a fixed and floating charge on trade receivables of a group company;
- (b) guarantees issued by a group company;
- (c) pledged bank deposits; and
- (d) corporate guarantees issued by the Company.

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group had unutilised banking facilities of HK$69.3 million and HK$26.0 million respectively.

## 28.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a) Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of key management personnel, who are the executive directors of the Company, for the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

## 27. 銀行融資

於二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日，本集 團的銀行融資總額分別為 95.1 百萬港元及 42.1 百 萬港元。

於二零二二年三月三十一日，所獲授銀行融資以 下列各項作抵押：

- (a) 香港境外上市證券的押記 （附註 17 ） ；
- (b) 一間集團公司貿易應收款項的固定及浮動押 記；
- (c) 一間集團公司提供的擔保；
- (d) 已抵押銀行存款；及
- (e) 本公司出具的企業擔保。

於二零二一年三月三十一日，所獲授銀行融資以 下列各項作抵押：

- (a) 一間集團公司貿易應收款項的固定及浮動押 記；
- (b) 一間集團公司出具的擔保；
- (c) 已抵押銀行存款；及
- (d) 本公司出具的企業擔保。

於二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日，本集 團的未動用銀行融資分別為 69.3 百萬港元及 26.0 百萬港元。

## 28. 關聯方交易

## (a) 主要管理人員薪酬

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日 止年度，主要管理人員 （即本公司執行董事） 的薪酬如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Compensation of key management  personnel  主要管理人員薪酬  10,612  8,730   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 29.  NOTES SUPPORTING CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

## 29. 綜合現金流量表之補充附註

融資活動產生之負債對賬：

| Lease liabilities  (Note 23)  租賃負債  （附註  23  ）  HK$'000  千港元  At 1 April 2020  於二零二零年四月一日  5,579  Changes from cash flows:  現金流變動：  Repayment of lease liabilities  償還租賃負債  (2,511)  Total changes from financing cash flows  融資現金流的變動總額  (2,511)  Other changes:  其他變動：  Additions of lease liabilities  租賃負債增加  1,109  Covid-19-related rent concessions  Covid-19  相關租金減免  (306)  Interest expense on lease liabilities  租賃負債利息開支  316  Total other changes  其他變動總額  1,119  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  4,187  Changes from cash flows:  現金流量變動：  Repayment of lease liabilities  償還租賃負債  (2,759)  Total changes from financing cash flows  融資現金流的變動總額  (2,759)  Other changes:  其他變動：  Interest expense on lease liabilities  租賃負債利息開支  353  Effect of lease modification  租賃修改的影響  2,769  Total other changes  其他變動總額  3,122  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  4,550   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 30.  GUARANTEES

The  Group  provided  guarantees  in  respect  of  the performance bonds issued by a bank and an insurer in favour of the customers of certain construction contracts. Details of these guarantees as of the end of reporting periods were as follows:

## 30. 擔保

本集團就一間銀行及一間保險公司向若干建築合 約的客戶發出的履約保證提供擔保。該等擔保截 至報告期末的詳情如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Aggregate value of the performance bonds  issued in favour of customers  向客戶發出的履約保證總值  40,915  36,815   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors are of the opinion that it is not probable that the bank or insurer will claim against the Group for losses under the guarantees as it is unlikely that the Group will be unable to  fulfil  the  performance  requirements  of  the  relevant contracts. The performance bonds are secured by the pledged deposits of the Group and certain performance bonds are also secured by corporate guarantees of certain group companies. Accordingly, no provision for the Group's obligations under the guarantees has been made as at 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## 31.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group did not have any capital commitments.

董事認為，銀行或保險公司可能不會就擔保虧損 向本集團索賠，原因為本集團不太可能無法履行 相關合約的履約規定。有關履約保證以本集團的 已抵押存款作抵押，而若干履約保證亦以若干集 團公司的企業擔保作抵押。因此，於二零二二年 及二零二一年三月三十一日，概無就本集團的擔 保項下責任作出任何撥備。

## 31. 資本承擔

於二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日，本集 團並無任何資本承擔。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 32.  CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Group's objective of managing capital is to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce cost of capital.

The Group monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is total debts to equity. Total debts include lease liabilities. Equity represents total equity of the Group.

The directors of the Company actively and regularly review and manage the Group's capital structure, taking into consideration the future capital requirements of the Group, to ensure optimal shareholders' returns. The Group manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. In order to maintain or adjust the capital  structure,  the  Group  may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debts.

The gearing ratios as at the end of reporting period were as follows:

## 32. 資本管理

本集團資本管理目標乃保障本集團的持續經營能 力，以向股東提供回報及為其他利益相關者提供 利益，並維持最佳資本結構，以減少資金成本。

本集團採用資產負債比率 （等於總債務除以權益） 監控資本。總債務包括租賃負債。權益指本集團 的權益總額。

本公司董事積極定期檢討及管理本集團的資本架 構，並考慮本集團的未來資本需求以確保最佳的 股東回報。本集團管理資本架構並根據經濟狀況 的變動及相關資產的風險特徵對資本架構作出調 整。為維持或調整資本結構，本集團可能調整派 付予股東的股息金額、向股東返還資本、發行新 股份或出售資產減債。

於報告期末的資產負債比率如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  4,550  4,187  Total debts  總債務  4,550  4,187  Total equity  權益總額  167,671  181,214  Gearing ratio  資產負債比率  3%  2%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 33.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments in the normal course of the Group's business are credit risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk, liquidity risk and currency risk. The Group's overall risk management focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential  adverse  effects  on  the  Group's  financial performance. Risk management is carried out by the key management under the policies approved by the board of directors. The Group does not have written risk management policies. However, the directors meet regularly to identify and evaluate risks and to formulate strategies to manage financial risks.

Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management. The Group has not used any derivatives and other instruments for hedging purposes nor does it hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes.

## (a) Credit risk

The Group's credit risk is primary attributable to bank balances, pledged deposits and trade and other receivables. The Group's bank balances and pledged deposits are placed with reputable banks and financial institutions. Given its high credit standing, the directors do not expect any credit risk exposure for the Group's bank balances and pledged deposits.

For trade and other receivables. The amounts included in  trade  and  other  receivables in the consolidated statements of financial position are net of provisions for doubtful receivables if any. The quantitative disclosures in respect of the Group's exposure to credit risk arising from trade and other receivables are set out in Note 19.

The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group's historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the Group's different customer bases.

## 33. 財務風險管理

在本集團的日常業務過程中，本集團來自金融工 具的主要風險為信貸風險、利率風險、股本價格 風險、流動資金風險及貨幣風險。本集團的整體 風險管理針對難以預測的金融市場，並尋求盡量 降低對本集團財務表現造成的潛在不利影響。風 險管理由主要管理層根據董事會批准的政策進行。 本集團並無書面風險管理政策。然而，董事定期 會面以識別及評估風險並制定策略以管理財務風 險。

一般而言，本集團就其風險管理採取保守策略。 本集團並無使用任何衍生工具及其他工具作對沖 用途，亦無持有或發行衍生金融工具作交易用途。

## (a) 信貸風險

本集團的信貸風險主要歸因於銀行結餘、已 抵押存款以及貿易及其他應收款項。本集團 的銀行結餘及已抵押存款乃存放於聲譽良好 的銀行及金融機構。由於信貸狀況良好，董 事預期本集團的銀行結餘及已抵押存款不會 承受任何信貸風險。

就貿易及其他應收款項而言，綜合財務狀況 表所示貿易及其他應收款項已扣除呆賬應收 款項撥備 （如有） 。有關本集團面對貿易及其 他應收款項所產生信貸風險的定量披露載於 附註 19 。

本集團按相等於年限內預期信貸虧損金額就 貿易應收款項及合約資產計量虧損撥備，而 年限內預期信貸金額則運用撥備矩陣計算。 由於本集團過往的信貸虧損經驗並無就不同 客戶分部顯示重大虧損模式，基於逾期狀況 計提的虧損撥備不會於本集團不同客戶群之 間進一步區分。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 33.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## (a) Credit risk (Continued)

ECLs rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 3 years. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the year over which the historic data has been collected, current conditions and the Group's view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables. No impairment for trade receivables and contract assets is provided as the loss allowance measured under the ECLs model is insignificant.

The deposits and other receivables are measured at amortised costs and are considered to have low credit risk because they are considered are in good credit quality and no historical default noted. They are also subject to the ECLs model and the loss allowances limited to 12 months ECLs. After applying the expected credit loss model, the Group concluded that impact of ECLs for these financial instruments are insignificant.

## (b) Interest rate risk

As the Group has no significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the Group's income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest rate.

## (c) Equity price risk

The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its l i s t e d  securities  investments.  The  management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investment with different risk profiles. The Group's equity price risk is concentrated on listed securities in London.

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to the equity price risk at the end of each reporting date. If the prices of the listed securities investments classified as financial assets at fair  value through profit or loss had been 5% higher/ lower, the profit before income tax expense for the year would  increase/decrease  by  approximately HK$803,000 (2021: HK$3,091,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of the listed securities.

## 33. 財務風險管理 （續）

## (a) 信貸風險 （續）

預期信貸虧損率按過往三年實際虧損經驗計 算。該等比率已作調整，以反映所收集過往 數據的年度內的經濟狀況、現時經濟狀況及 本集團對應收款項預計年期內經濟狀況的意 見之間的差異。由於根據預期信貸虧損模式 計量的虧損撥備並不重大，故並無就貿易應 收款項及合約資產計提減值撥備。

按金及其他應收款項乃按攤銷成本計量，且 視為具有較低信貸風險，原因為該等款項的 信用質素良好且過往並無違約記錄。該等款 項亦須受預期信貸虧損模式及限於 12 個月 預期信貸虧損的虧損撥備所規限。於應用預 期信貸虧損模式後，本集團認為該等金融工 具的預期信貸虧損的影響並不重大。

## (b) 利率風險

由於本集團並無重大計息資產及負債，故本 集團的收入及經營現金流量很大程度獨立於 市場利率變動。

## (c) 股本價格風險

本集團透過其上市證券投資承擔股本價格風 險。管理層透過維持不同風險的投資組合來 管理風險。本集團之股本價格風險集中於在 倫敦上市的證券。

下文之敏感度分析乃基於各報告日期末所面 對之股本價格風險而釐定。倘分類為以公平 值計入損益的金融資產的上市證券投資的價 格上漲╱下跌 5% ，則本年度除所得稅開支 前溢利將增加╱減少約 803,000 港元 （二零 二一年： 3,091,000 港元） ，原因是上市證券 的公平值出現變動。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 33.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## (d) Liquidity risk

The Group's policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

The following tables show the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each of the reporting period of the Group's non-derivative financial liabilities, based on undiscounted cash flows and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay.

## 33. 財務風險管理 （續）

## (d) 流動資金風險

本集團的政策是定期監控現時及預期的流動 資金需求，確保維持充足的現金儲備，以應 付短期及長期流動資金需求。

下表載列根據未貼現現金流量及本集團可被 要求付款的最早日期呈列的本集團非衍生金 融負債於各報告期末的剩餘合約到期情況。

| Carrying  amount  Total  contractual  undiscounted  cash flow  Within  1 year or  on demand  More than  1 year but  less than  2 years  More than  2 years but  less than  5 years  賬面值  合約未貼現  現金流量總額  1  年內  或按要求  超過  1  年  但少於  2  年  超過  2  年  但少於  5  年  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  At 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  Trade payables  貿易應付款項  15,258  15,258  15,258  -  -  Accruals for costs of  contract works  合約工程成本應計費用  83,076  83,076  83,076  -  -  Retention payables  應付保留款項  28,950  28,950  28,299  651  -  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費用  8,189  8,189  8,189  -  -  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  4,550  4,783  2,994  1,789  -  140,023  140,256  137,816  2,440  -  Financial guarantees issued  已發出的財務擔保  Maximum amount guaranteed  所擔保的最高金額  -  40,915  40,915  -  -  At 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  Trade payables  貿易應付款項  14,460  14,460  14,460  -  -  Accruals for costs of  contract works  合約工程成本應計費用  149,730  149,730  149,730  -  -  Retention payables  應付保留款項  34,948  34,948  34,550  398  -  Other payables and accruals  其他應付款項及應計費用  10,184  10,184  10,184  -  -  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  4,187  4,406  3,169  885  352  213,509  213,728  212,093  1,283  352  Financial guarantees issued  已發出的財務擔保  Maximum amount guaranteed  所擔保的最高金額  -  36,815  36,815  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 33.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## (e) Currency risk

Foreign currency risk arises when recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries.

Most of the Group's monetary assets and transactions are principally denominated in Hong Kong dollars ('HKD') and Macau Patacas ('MOP'). The MOP is in turn pegged to HKD and the exchange rate between these currencies has remained relative stable over the past several years. Accordingly, the Group does not expect fluctuations in MOP to have material impact on the operations. Exposures to currency exchange rates mainly arise from cash and cash equivalents and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss which are primarily denominated in Euro ('EUR'), Australian Dollar ('AUD') and British Pound ('GBP').

The Group has not entered into any derivative i nstruments  to  hedge  the  foreign  currency  risk exposures. However, the management monitors the foreign  currency  risk  exposure  and  will  consider hedging significant foreign currency risk exposure should the need arise.

The carrying amounts of monetary assets denominated in currency other than the functional currency are as follows:

## 33. 財務風險管理 （續）

## (e) 貨幣風險

已確認資產及負債以並非本公司及其附屬公 司功能貨幣的貨幣計值時產生外匯風險。

本集團大部分貨幣資產及交易主要以港元 （ 「港元」 ） 及澳門幣 （ 「澳門幣」 ） 為單位。澳門 幣與港元掛鈎，而上述貨幣之間的匯率在過 去數年保持相對穩定。因此，本集團預期澳 門幣的波動不會對營運造成重大影響。貨幣 匯率風險主要來自主要以歐元 （ 「歐元」 ） 、澳 元 （ 「澳元」 ） 及英鎊 （ 「英鎊」 ） 列值之現金及現 金等價物及按公平值計入損益的金融資產。

本集團並無訂立任何衍生工具以對沖外匯風 險。然而，管理層會監察外幣風險敞口，並 將於有需要時考慮對沖重大外幣風險敞口。

以功能貨幣以外的貨幣計價的貨幣資產的賬 面值如下：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  AUD  GBP  EUR  AUD  GBP  EUR  澳元  英鎊  歐元  澳元  英鎊  歐元  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物  -  -  34,838  1,036  384  -  Other receivables  其他應收款項  374  422  -  281  227  -  Financial asset at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益  的金融資產  -  16,062  -  6,251  43,816  -  Overall net exposure  整體風險承擔淨額  374  16,484  34,838  7,568  44,427  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 33.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## (e) Currency risk (Continued)

The following table indicates the approximate change in the Group's profit before income tax and retained profits in response to reasonably possible changes in the foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at end of the reporting period. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit where the HKD strengthens against the relevant currency. For a weakening of the HKD against the relevant  currency,  there  would  be  an  equal  and opposite impact on the profit, and the balances below would be negative.

## 33. 財務風險管理 （續）

## (e) 貨幣風險 （續）

下表顯示因應於報告期末本集團面對重大風 險的外匯匯率合理可能變動的本集團除所得 稅前溢利及保留溢利的概約變動。下文所示 正數即表示港元兌相關貨幣走強時，溢利有 所增加。倘港元兌相關貨幣貶值，則溢利會 受到同等但相反影響，且下列結餘將為負數。

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  Increase in  foreign  exchange  rates  Effect on  profit for the  year and  retained  profits  Increase in  foreign  exchange  rates  Effect on  profit for the  year and  retained  profits  外幣匯率上升  對年內溢利  及保留溢利  的影響  外幣匯率上升  對年內溢利  及保留溢利  的影響  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  AUD  澳元  5%  19  5%  378  GBP  英鎊  5%  824  5%  2,221  EUR  歐元  5%  1,742  5%  -  2,585  2,599   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis has been determined assuming that the change in foreign exchange rates had occurred at the end of reporting period; exposure to currency risk for financial instruments in existence at that date, and that all  other  variables,  in  particular  interest  rates, remain constant.

The  stated  changes  represent  management's assessment of reasonably possible changes in foreign exchange rates over the period until the end of next annual reporting period. Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represent the Group's exposure to foreign currency risk.

敏感度分析假設外幣匯率於報告期末出現變 動並於該日期存在金融工具的外幣風險，而 其他所有變數 （特別是利率） 保持不變。

上述變動代表管理層對下一年度報告期末前 之期內，外匯匯率可能發生之合理變動的評 估。上表所呈列的分析結果代表本集團面臨 的外幣風險。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 34.  SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY

The following table shows the carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities:

## 34. 按類別劃分的金融資產及金融負債概要

下表列示金融資產及負債的賬面值：

| 2022  2021  二零二二年  二零二一年  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  Financial assets  金融資產  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  按公平值計入損益的金融資產  16,062  61,825  Financial assets measured at amortised cost  按攤銷成本列賬的金融資產  Trade and other receivables  貿易及其他應收款項  27,812  115,847  Pledged deposits  已抵押存款  14,850  14,426  Cash and cash equivalents  現金及現金等價物  141,647  87,142  Financial liabilities  金融負債  Financial liabilities at amortised costs  按攤銷成本列賬的金融負債  Trade and other payables  貿易及其他應付款項  135,121  209,050  Lease liabilities  租賃負債  4,550  4,187   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following  table  provides  an  analysis  of  financial instruments carried at fair value by level of fair value hierarchy:

- Level 1:  Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- Level 2:  Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
- Level 3:  Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

下表載列以公平值列賬之金融工具按公平值層級 之分析：

- 第一級： 相同資產或負債於活躍市場中之報價 （未經調整） ；
- 第二級： 除第一級所包括報價外就資產或負債可 直接 （即價格） 或間接 （即源自價格） 觀 察所得之數據；及
- 第三級： 為資產或負債之不可觀察市場數據 （不 可觀察數據） 之數據。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 34.  SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

## 34. 按類別劃分的金融資產及金融負債概要 （續）

| As at 31 March 2022  於二零二二年三月三十一日  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  第一級  第二級  第三級  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益  的金融資產  - Listed securities  -  上市證券  16,062  -  -  16,062  16,062  -  -  16,062  As at 31 March 2021  於二零二一年三月三十一日  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  第一級  第二級  第三級  總計  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  按公平值計入損益  的金融資產  - Listed securities  -  上市證券  61,825  -  -  61,825  61,825  -  -  61,825   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers between levels during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 2021.

## (a) Financial instruments not measured at fair value

Financial instruments not measured at fair value include trade and other receivables, pledged deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and lease liabilities.

Due to their short term nature, the carrying values of trade and other receivables, pledged deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables and lease liabilities approximate to their fair values.

## (b) Financial instruments measured at fair value

The fair value of financial assets and liabilities with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid markets are determined with reference to quoted market prices.

截至二零二二年及二零二一年三月三十一日止年 度，各層級之間概無轉撥。

## (a) 並非按公平值計量的金融工具

並非按公平值計量的金融工具包括貿易及其 他應收款項、已抵押存款、現金及現金等價 物、貿易及其他應付款項及租賃負債。

由於到期日較短，故貿易及其他應收款項、 已抵押存款、現金及現金等價物、貿易及其 他應付款項及租賃負債之賬面值與公平值相 若。

## (b) 按公平值計量的金融工具

附帶標準條款及條件並於活躍流通市場買賣 的金融資產及負債公平值參考市場報價釐定。

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 35.  SUBSIDIARIES

As at 31 March 2022, the particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries, all of which are companies with limited liability, are as follows:

## 35. 附屬公司

於二零二二年三月三十一日，本公司主要附屬公 司 （全部均為有限公司） 的詳情如下：

| Name of subsidiary  Place and date of  incorporation and  type of legal entity  Place of  operations  Issued  and fully  paid-up capital  Attributable equity  interest held  Principal activities  Directly  Indirectly  附屬公司名稱  註冊成立地點及日期  以及法律實體類別  經營地點  已發行及繳足股本  應佔所持股權  主要業務  直接  間接  IBI Corporate Holdings  Limited  BVI  14 April 2016  Limited liability company  BVI  US$100  100%  -  Investment holding  IBI Corporate Holdings  Limited  英屬處女群島  二零一六年四月十四日  有限公司  英屬處女群島  100  美元  投資控股  IBI Group Limited  Hong Kong  9 May 2011  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Investment holding  IBI Group Limited  香港  二零一一年五月九日  有限公司  香港  100  港元  投資控股  IBI Limited  Hong Kong  14 April 1997  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$1,000,000  -  100%  Provision of renovation  contracting services for  property projects  IBI Limited  香港  一九九七年四月十四日  有限公司  香港  1,000,000  港元  提供物業項目的翻新  承包服務  IBI Projects Limited  Hong Kong  1 April 2005  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$2  -  100%  Provision of renovation  contracting services for  property projects  IBI Projects Limited  香港  二零零五年四月一日  有限公司  香港  2  港元  提供物業項目的翻新  承包服務  IBI Macau Limited  Macau Special Administrative  Region  11 April 2005  Limited liability company  Macau Special  Administrative  Region  MOP25,000  -  100%  Provision of renovation  contracting services for  property projects  IBI Macau Limited  澳門特別行政區  二零零五年四月十一日  有限公司  澳門特別行政區  25,000  澳門幣  提供物業項目的翻新  承包服務   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 35.  SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

## 35. 附屬公司 （續）

| Name of subsidiary  Place and date of  incorporation and  type of legal entity  Place of  operations  Issued  and fully  paid-up capital  Attributable equity  interest held  Principal activities  Directly  Indirectly  附屬公司名稱  註冊成立地點及日期  以及法律實體類別  經營地點  已發行及繳足股本  應佔所持股權  主要業務  直接  間接  IBI Holdings Limited  Hong Kong  9 May 2011  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Provision of management  services within the Group  IBI Holdings Limited  香港  二零一一年五月九日  有限公司  香港  100  港元  提供本集團內部管理服務  IBI Company Storage  Limited  BVI  14 April 2016  Limited liability company  BVI  US$100  -  100%  Investment holding  IBI Company Storage  Limited  英屬處女群島  二零一六年四月十四日  有限公司  香港  100  美元  投資控股  Building Solutions Limited  Hong Kong  9 April 2020  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  80%  Provision of products and  services with a focus on  air quality and modern  sustainable building  materials  Building Solutions Limited  香港  二零二零年四月九日  有限公司  香港  10,000  港元  提供專注於空氣質量及  現代可持續性建築材料  的產品及服務  IBI Investment Holdings  Limited  Hong Kong  28 July 2020  Limited liability company  Hong Kong  HK$100  -  100%  Strategic investments  IBI Investment Holdings  Limited  香港  二零二零年七月二十八日  香港  100  港元  戰略投資   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

有限公司

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 綜合財務報表附註

For the year ended 31 March 2022 截至二零二二年三月三十一日止年度

## 36. 報告期後事項 36.  EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 18 May 2022, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary as the purchaser, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the vendor to acquire a property located at Dublin,  Ireland  at  a  consideration  of  EUR13,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$113,000,000). Further details of the acquisition were disclosed in the Company's announcement dated 18 May 2022 and the circular dated 29 June 2022. The transaction was completed on 26 May 2022.

## 37.  APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 30 June 2022.

於二零二二年五月十八日，本公司透過其全資附 屬公司 （作為買方） 與賣方訂立買賣協議，以收購 位於愛爾蘭都柏林的物業，代價為 13,500,000 歐 元 （相當於約 113,000,000 港元） 。有關收購的進一 步詳情已於本公司日期為二零二二年五月十八日 的公告及日期為二零二二年六月二十九日的通函 中披露。該交易已於二零二二年五月二十六日完 成。

## 批准財務報表

綜合財務報表已於二零二二年六月三十日獲董事 會批准並授權刊發。

## 37.

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and equity of the Group for the last five financial years is as follows:

本集團過往五個財政年度的業績以及資產、負債及權益 概要如下：

| Year ended 31 March  截至三月三十一日止年度  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二零年  二零一九年  二零一八年  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Results  業績  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Revenue and other  gains/(losses)  收益及其他  收益╱ （虧損）  405,878  556,702  591,129  593,448  580,964  Gross profits  毛利  67,952  79,434  51,871  51,731  53,181  Profit before income tax expense  除所得稅開支前溢利  33,692  55,798  25,294  24,753  22,564  Profit attributable to the  owners of the Company  for the year  本公司擁有人  應佔年內溢利  27,010  54,390  21,627  20,852  18,175  As at 31 March  於三月三十一日  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  二零二二年  二零二一年  二零二零年  二零一九年  二零一八年  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  千港元  Assets  資產  Non-current assets  非流動資產  21,288  66,011  18,065  419  1,316  Current assets  流動資產  296,411  330,206  381,241  356,479  294,281  Total assets  資產總值  317,699  396,217  399,306  356,898  295,597  Liabilities  負債  Current liabilities  流動負債  148,269  213,808  261,060  223,391  154,942  Non-current liabilities  非流動負債  1,759  1,195  3,112  -  -  Total liabilities  負債總額  150,028  215,003  264,172  223,391  154,942  Total equity  總權益  167,671  181,214  135,134  133,507  140,655   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS 釋義

'2022 AGM'

the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Friday, 9 September 2022

「二零二二年股東週年大會」

指

本公司將於二零二二年九月九日 （星期五） 舉行的二零二二年股東週年大會

'A&amp;A'

alteration and addition

「 A&amp;A 」

指

改建及加建

'Articles'

the memorandum and articles of association of our Company as amended from time to time

「組織章程細則」

指 本公司的組織章程大綱及細則 （經不時修訂）

'Audit Committee'

the audit committee of the Company

「審核委員會」

指

本公司審核委員會

'Board'

the board of Directors

「董事會」

指

董事會

'BVI'

the British Virgin Islands

「英屬處女群島」

指

英屬處女群島

'China' or 'PRC'

the People's Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this report, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

「中國」

指

中華人民共和國，就本報告而言，不包括香港、澳門及台灣

'CG Code'

the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, as amended from time to time

「企管守則」

指 上市規則附錄 14 所載 《企業管治守則》 （經不時修訂）

'Code Provision(s)'

the code provisions set out in the CG Code

「守則條文」

指

企管守則所載守則條文

'Company' or 'our Company'

IBI Group Holdings Limited

「本公司」

指

IBI Group Holdings Limited

'Companies Ordinance'

Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) which took effect from 3 March 2014, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

「公司條例」

指

於二零一四年三月三日生效的香港法例第 622 章 《公司條例》 （經不時修訂、補 充或另行修改）

'Controlling Shareholder(s)'

Mr. Neil David Howard and Brilliant Blue Sky Limited, being the controlling shareholders of our Company, and shall have the meanings in the Listing Rules 本公司的控股股東 Neil David Howard 先生及 Brilliant Blue Sky Limited ，及將具 有上市規則的涵義

「控股股東」

指

'Covid-19'

the coronavirus outbreak

「 Covid-19 」

指 冠狀病毒疫情

<!-- image -->

「

「

| 'Deed'  the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 20 September 2016 entered into by the Controlling Shareholders in favour of the Company  「契據」  指  控股股東以本公司為受益人所訂立日期為二零一六年九月二十日的不競爭承諾  契據  'Directors'  the director(s) of our Company  「董事」  指  本公司董事  'ESG Report'  the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company  ESG  報告」  指  本公司的環境、社會及管治報告  'ESG Reporting Guide'  the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as contained in  Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules, as amended from time to time  ESG  報告指引」  指  上市規則附錄  27  所載 《環境、社會及管治報告指引》 （經不時修訂）  'Group', 'our Group', 'we', 'our' or 'us'  our Company and its subsidiaries (or our Company and any one or more of its subsidiaries, as the content may require) or, where the context so requires, in respect of the period before our Company became the holding company of its present subsidiaries, the present subsidiaries of our Company and the businesses carried on by such subsidiaries or (as the case may be) their respective predecessors  「本集團」或「我們」  指  本公司及其附屬公司 （或本公司及其任何一家或多家附屬公司，視乎內容需要  而定） ，或如文義所需，於本公司成為其現有附屬公司的控股公司之前期間，  則指本公司的現有附屬公司及該等附屬公司所從事的業務或 （視乎情況而定）  彼等各自的前身公司  'Hong Kong'  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC  「香港」  指  中國香港特別行政區  'Listing Date'  14 October 2016, the date on which dealings in the Shares, on the Main Board  first commence  「上市日期」  指  二零一六年十月十四日，即股份首次開始在主板買賣的日期  'Listing Rules'  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board, as amended,  supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time  「上市規則」  指  主板 《證券上市規則》 （經不時修訂、補充或以其他方式修改）  'Macau'  the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC  「澳門」  指  中國澳門特別行政區  'Main Board'  the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock  Exchange which is independent from and operating in parallel with GEM of the  Stock Exchange  「主板」  指  由聯交所運作的證券交易所 （不包括期權市場） ，獨立於聯交所  GEM  並與之並  行運作  'Model Code'  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers  contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, as amended from time to time  「標準守則」  指  上市規則附錄  10  所載 《上市發行人董事進行證券交易的標準守則》 （經不時修訂）   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS 釋義

'Nomination Committee'

the nomination committee of the Company

「提名委員會」

指

本公司提名委員會

'Prospectus'

the prospectus of the Company dated 29 September 2016

「招股章程」

指

本公司日期為二零一六年九月二十九日的招股章程

'Remuneration Committee'

the remuneration committee of the Company

「薪酬委員會」

指

本公司薪酬委員會

'Senior Management'

the senior management of the Company

「高級管理層」

指

本公司高級管理層

'SFC'

the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

「證監會」

指

香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會

'SFO'

the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended and supplemented from time to time 香港法例第 章 《證券及期貨條例》 （經不時修訂及補充）

「證券及期貨條例」

指 571

'Share Option Scheme'

the share option scheme adopted by our Company on 20 September 2016 本公司於二零一六年九月二十日採納的購股權計劃

「購股權計劃」

指

'Share(s)'

ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of our Company 本公司股本中每股面值 0.01 港元的普通股

「股份」

指

'Shareholder(s)'

the holder(s) of the Shares

「股東」

指

股份持有人

'Stock Exchange'

The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

「聯交所」

指

香港聯合交易所有限公司

'Takeovers Code'

the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs issued by the SFC, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time 證監會頒佈的 《公司收購、合併及股份回購守則》 （經不時修訂、補充或以其他 方式修改）

「收購守則」

指

'HK$', 'HKD', 'Hong Kong dollar(s)'

or 'cent(s)'

Hong Kong dollar(s) and cent(s), respectively, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

「港元」或「港仙」

分別指 香港法定貨幣港元及港仙

'MOP'

Macau pataca, the lawful currency of Macau

「澳門幣」

指

澳門法定貨幣澳門幣

'US$' or 'USD' or 'US dollars' 「美元」

United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States 美國法定貨幣美元

指

'%'

per cent

「 % 」

指 百分比

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->