<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

Annual Report 2022

IGI

20

## CONTENTS

| About us  4  Letter from the Chairman  6  The President's Report  8  Financial highlights  12  Financial statements &amp; accounts  13  Board of Directors  286   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS DISCLOSURE

This Annual Report 2022 contains certain statements that are 'forward looking statements' within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You should not place undue reliance on such statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to IGI's operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond IGI's control. Forward-looking statements include information concerning IGI's possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business strategy. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as 'believe,' 'anticipate,' 'could,' 'may,' 'would,' 'should,' 'intend,' 'plan,' 'potential,' 'will,' 'expect,' 'believe,' 'continue,' 'strategy,'

'outlook' and similar expressions. Such statements are qualified by the inherent risks and uncertainties surrounding future expectations generally, and may differ materially from actual future experience. For a more detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties, see IGI's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2022, including those under 'Risk Factors' therein, and in the Company's other filings with the SEC. IGI undertakes no obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based.

<!-- image -->

## ABOUT US

We are an international specialist insurance and reinsurance group, registered in Bermuda and listed on Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol 'IGIC'.

Established in 2001, we underwrite a diverse portfolio of specialty lines worldwide, adhering to a careful and disciplined underwriting strategy that is underpinned by deep technical expertise, strong client relationships, and an ability to quickly adapt to changing market conditions. We have offices in Bermuda, London, Amman, Malta, Dubai, Oslo, Casblanca, and Kuala Lumpur. With our strong market position in our core geographies, we focus on delivering outstanding levels of service to our clients and brokers.

<!-- image -->

## OFFICE LOCATIONS

## 1. BERMUDA

Park Place, 1st Floor, 55 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HM 01  Bermuda

## 2. CASABLANCA

32-42, Bd Abdelmoumen Residence Walili 25 4th Floor P.O. Box 20000 Casablanca  Morocco

## 3. LONDON

15-18 Lime Street London EC3M 7AN  England

## 4. OSLO

c/o Tyveholmen AS 7 etg, Tjuvholmenallé 19 0252 Oslo  Norway

## 5. MALTA

3rd Floor - Development House St. Anne Street Floriana FRN 9010  Malta

## 6. AMMAN

74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf St. P.O. Box 941428 Amman 11194  Jordan

## 7. DUBAI

Office 606, Level 6, Tower 1 Al Fattan Currency House Dubai International Financial Centre P.O. Box 506646, Dubai United Arab Emirates

4

3

1

2

5

6

## 8. KUALA LUMPUR

29th Floor, Menara TA One Jalan P Ramlee 50250 Kuala Lumpur  Malaysia

## 9. LABUAN

Level 1, LOT 7, Block F Saguking Commercial Building Jalan Patau - Patau 87000 Labuan  Malaysia

7

8

9

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Wasef Jabsheh, Chairman &amp; CEO

<!-- image -->

Europe &amp; Africa

The America's

<!-- image -->

Asia

<!-- image -->

## LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN

## To My Fellow Shareholders

2022 was another record year for IGI and the best in our company's 20 year history. We recorded a number of significant accomplishments highlighted by consistent and disciplined execution of our strategy and continued positive momentum.

We made good progress towards our goal of creating consistent and sustainable long-term value for our shareholders through underwriting excellence, targeted growth and diversification. We added talent and infrastructure to support our growth while ensuring that we remain purpose-driven with a performance-based culture, a strong brand and operating discipline. We are more agile and well-positioned than ever, and we have the ability, focus and drive to seize attractive opportunities to deliver on our commitments in 2023.

While our results in 2022 were exceptional, we are more proud of our achievements over a longer period which clearly illustrate consistent high quality earnings, and IGI's balance sheet strength and stability that I believe will continue to serve us well for the future. Over the past 5 years, the world around us has become increasingly complex, highlighted by cyber threats, financial and political instability, climate change leading to increased frequency and severity of natural catastrophes, and the prolonged impacts stemming from an unprecedented global pandemic. During this 5-year period, we have achieved:

-  Compound annual growth in gross premiums written of 17.9%, more than doubling our total premiums while selectively entering new lines of business and new markets leading to an increasingly diversified profile
-  An average combined ratio of 87.4%, with a record 78.5% in 2022
-  A core operating return on average equity of 12.7%, with a record 22.7% in 2022
-  An increase in total assets of over $658 million or 72.9% to $1.6 billion
-  An increase in total shareholders' equity of more than $128 million or 42.7% to $429.8 million

Our success however is not just in the numbers that we publish every quarter and every year. Our consistent financial performance and the long track record of success that make up the IGI brand are the result of the efforts of all of our people at IGI - our IGI family. Our people at all levels of the company deserve immense credit for these achievements. We have strong, high-performing leadership across our company, a diverse workforce, and a flat and inclusive structure. I am a strong believer that diverse and inclusive businesses are more innovative, creative and profitable in the long-term. We have a strong set of values that we live by and that is what has underpinned our success for the past two decades.

Looking ahead, I am confident that as we continue to grow and evolve, this will continue, even in the face of an increasingly challenging global landscape. As we have throughout our history, we will rise to the challenges with the same dedication and commitment so that we continue to deliver on our promises to all stakeholders.

On behalf of my fellow Directors, to our brokers, our clients, shareholders and all our stakeholders, thank you for your continued support of IGI.

Wasef S Jabsheh,

Chairman &amp; CEO

Waleed Jabsheh, President

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## THE PRESIDENT'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

IGI has a long history of being entrepreneurial and dynamic in spirit; being genuine about who we are and how we want others to experience us; and acting with integrity in being a reliable and trusted partner to all our stakeholders.

These values were no more evident than in 2022. I am especially proud of all our people in how we anticipated and responded to challenging and shifting market conditions, how we have effectively managed our growth, supporting and being respectful to each other, and all that we achieved, both financially and in nonfinancial measures.

I said a year ago that 2021 was an exceptional year. 2022 exceeded that. It is the year that very clearly demonstrated what we are capable of at IGI. We achieved record results across many metrics. We grew, refined, and further diversified our risk portfolio. We continued to provide high-quality service to our clients and to support the communities where we live and work. And we did this while effectively navigating a challenging economic environment and a shifting risk landscape.

We are now more than 350 people across 8 offices. Just two years ago we were about 250 people across 5 offices. It is embedded in our strategy to profitably grow and diversify our business, and to do so in a thoughtful, measured manner while always ensuring that we maintain our values and the unique combination of attributes that have helped drive our success: our open and transparent communication, flat operating structure, and our technicallyadept and dynamic spirit.

When we think about growth, our philosophy is simple: grow when the conditions are ripe, and pull back - but not necessarily exit - when pricing, terms and conditions don't meet our risk/profitability profile. This isn't always as easy to execute as markets are not symmetrical and don't move in unison. Different lines move individually and by territory, and all territories have different dynamics.

This is where our flat structure, single 'hub' approach and a deep knowledge of our markets is critical. Our footprint is truly international; we have people on the ground in all of our key markets, where understanding of local idiosyncrasies and cultural capability is essential to providing the best service to our customers. To support our growth, we continued to supplement our teams across our offices. Our two newest offices - in Bermuda and Oslo - have small but growing teams. This approach is supported by our underwriting center in London, led by our new Chief Underwriting Officer Chris Jarvis, where we have significant depth and breadth of market experience and technical expertise in all our lines of business. Operating on a single balance sheet and cross collaborating between our eight offices allows us to adapt quickly, efficiently and effectively to changing environments and find opportunities to provide valued service to our clients.

Our philosophy on capital allocation is and always has been 'underwriting first', as that is where we believe we can achieve the best returns and add the most value. As a predominantly facultative underwriter, we understand our exposures and we are realistic about our capabilities. When we generate capital that is beyond our appetite to deploy into the business, we will return it to our shareholders. We have sufficient financial flexibility to allow us to move quickly when we find opportunities and also respond appropriately when market dynamics change. We will continue to be responsible stewards of shareholder capital, while building on the strong foundations of the past two decades.

## FINANCIAL RESULTS

We produced record results in 2022 on the back of strong financials in 2021. Book value per share was $9.49 at year end 2022, representing growth of 7.5% from year end 2021 and 25.4% for the eleven quarters since we became a public company. Growth in book value per share is our most important measure, as increases over time are a key indicator of long-term shareholder value creation.

We reported record core operating income of $94.4 million, representing an increase of 77.8% over 2021. On a per share basis, core operating income increased 76.1%.

I said a year ago that 2021 was an exceptional year. 2022 exceeded that. It is the year that very clearly demonstrated what we are capable of at IGI.

Return on average shareholders' equity was 20.6% and core operating return on average shareholders' equity was 22.7%.

During 2022, we grew our underwriting portfolio by $36.2 million to $581.8 million, an increase of 6.6% over the prior year, which itself saw significant growth. So in total, we have grown our business by 66.6% over the past three years. We generated record underwriting profit, with $148.5 million in net underwriting income, representing an increase of 40.4% over 2021. Our combined ratio for 2022 was 78.5%, representing a 7.9-point improvement on 2021.

We saw solid growth in both the Shorttail and Reinsurance Segments during 2022, but we took a progressively more cautious view in our Long-tail Segment where renewal rates, while still adequate, are trending down in many lines and competition is intensifying. We expect this to continue in 2023 as inflationary and socio-economic pressures persist.

We continued to grow our balance sheet during 2022 while remaining fully unlevered. Total assets increased 7.5% to just short of $1.6 billion, total invested assets and cash were up 8.4% to $990.8 million, and shareholders' equity ended up 6.9% at $429.8 million.

Our investment portfolio remains conservatively positioned with 94% of invested assets in fixed income securities, term deposits and cash and cash equivalents. Throughout 2022, we took action to mitigate inflationary impacts by reducing the duration of our bond portfolio sequentially each quarter, ending 2022 at an average duration of 3 years. Our fixed income portfolio is well-diversified by sector and by geography, with 69% having a credit rating of 'A' or above and an overall average credit rating of 'A-'. We reported $20.7 million in total investment

We achieved record results across many metrics. We grew, refined, and further diversified our risk portfolio.

<!-- image -->

## THE PRESIDENT'S REPORT - continued

income in 2022, representing an increase of 45.8% over 2021. We expect that given the rising interest rate environment, investment income will continue to grow through 2023, and we will continue to look for opportunities to generate higher yields on fixed income portfolio while maintaining our low risk profile.

As market opportunities improve in shorttail and especially reinsurance lines, which we believe will remain the case throughout 2023, we will continue to use our capital to grow our business with the emphasis on maximising the overall profitability profile of IGI.

## OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE

One of the greatest challenges for any small but growing company is successfully integrating the growth, building the right infrastructure to support the growth, all while never losing sight of the business, what makes us successful, and the opportunities in front of us.  We are very much back to work in person across all our offices after almost three years of remote and hybrid working. I am particularly proud of the ability of all our teams to stay focused while adjusting relatively seamlessly.

To support and service our growth, we took a number of steps during 2022 and this is continuing in 2023:

-  We added 88 people across IGI's offices;
-  We continued to make internal transfers between offices to further enhance our product offerings across our markets;
-  We created a new role of Chief Underwriting Officer in October, filled by London market veteran Chris Jarvis who brings significant London market and reinsurance experience
-  We added depth to our IT and compliance functions;
-  We opened an office in Bermuda during the first half of 2022 and have a small but growing team there focused on expanding our portfolio of reinsurance treaty business in the near-term;
-  We completed our acquisition of Norway-based MGA, Energy Insurance Oslo - or EIO -  with whom we've had an exclusive underwriting agency arrangement since 2009, writing a portfolio of mostly upstream energy and construction business.

More broadly, we continued to work collaboratively across our platforms, leveraging our long-standing relationships globally to service our customers providing niche products and coverages backed by our solid balance sheet and experienced management team.

## OUTLOOK FOR 2023

As the world around us becomes increasingly chaotic with unrest and uncertainty across the globe, the demand for security and quality risk protection has never been greater. Our industry continues to face significant challenges - political instability, extreme weather events, social and financial inflation among them.

This dislocation led to hard market conditions in many specialty and reinsurance lines of business during 2022, which we believe will persist throughout 2023, allowing us to generate strong value for our shareholders.

While our markets held up relatively well during 2022, there was fragmentation in some areas in the latter half of the year causing us to take a more cautious view and wait to see the outcome of the 1/1/2023 renewal period. This resulted in something of a reset in market dynamics with an improving rating environment in many lines we write, particularly short-tail and reinsurance lines where we expect to see the majority of our growth in the near-term.

We will continue to evaluate and expand our capabilities to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us. And we will remain focused on doing so prudently and profitably while maintaining the same measured and methodical approach to risk selection and pricing that we always have, and servicing our clients' growing needs with efficiency, transparency and intelligence.

## CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY

IGI has a long history of investing time, compassion, and necessary funding in the communities where we live and work. We believe our responsibility reaches beyond our business, and our commitment to corporate and social responsibility has always been a central part of who we are.

During 2022, we continued the transition to a more fulsome environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy, forming an ESG Committee representing all the various external and internal stakeholders and led by our Chief Risk Officer. This encompasses our long-standing Corporate and Social Responsibility and Diversity and Inclusion programs with the ultimate goal of making a positive impact for our colleagues, clients, communities, and our planet.

During 2022, we continued to support charitable causes that align with our values - primarily education, medical research and health initiatives, the arts and youth initiatives. We continued our commitment to The Hana Project, a research program at the Department of Neurological Science at the University of California, San Francisco School of Medicine focused exclusively on the development of improved therapies for glioblastoma patients. Other initiatives included our support of the Promise Welfare Society, whose mandate is to educate underprivileged Jordanian children, and The Princess Taghrid Institute for Development and Training in support of underprivileged young women across Jordan. In London, we continued our long-time support of Haven House Children's Hospice, which serves families

in large areas northeast of central London, and PalMusic UK which, through the Edward Said National Conservatory, provides musical education to and promotes young Palestinian musicians.

Diversity and Inclusion continues to be a critical part of our culture at IGI. We are spread across 8 offices around the world, but our people represent many more countries and cultures. We have a very diverse group of people at IGI and we embrace our differences by focusing on mutual respect, inclusion and empowerment. Among our many initiatives, we continued to support the Lloyd's of London 'Dive In Festival' promoting diversity and inclusion in insurance for the fifth consecutive year.

## OUR THANKS

I want to thank our IGI people around the world for our many achievements and the consistent dedication and commitment to fulfilling our promise to stakeholders and each other.

And, as importantly, thank you to our shareholders for your continued confidence and support.

Together, we face the remainder of 2023 and beyond with confidence and excitement at the opportunities in front of us, and a commitment to continuing the record that we have built at IGI.

Waleed Jabsheh, President

GI

I want to thank our IGI people around the world for our many achievements and the consistent dedication and commitment to fulfilling our promise to stakeholders and each other.

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

TOTAL ASSETS

$1.6b

NET UNDERWRITING RESULTS

<!-- image -->

GROSS WRITTEN PREMIUMS

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

$581.8m

<!-- image -->

COMBINED RATIO

TOTAL EQUITY

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

$429.8m

<!-- image -->

CORE OPERATING INCOME

BOOK VALUE PER SHARE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

$9.49

<!-- image -->

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

(Mark One)

## ☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

## ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of event requiring this shell company report:

Commission File Number: 001-39255

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

Not applicable

(Translation of Registrant's name into English)

Bermuda

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, P.O. Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan +962 6 562 2009 (Address of principal executive offices)

Rawan Alsulaiman

Rawan.Alsulaiman@iginsure.com

74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, P.O. Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan +962 6 562 2009

(Name, Telephone, Email and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class  Trading Symbol(s)  Name of each exchange on which registered  Common shares, $0.01 par value per share  IGIC  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  Warrants to purchase common shares  IGICW  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None

Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer's classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: 48,986,609

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ☐ No ☒

Note - Checking  the  box  above  will  not  relieve  any  registrant  required  to  file  reports  pursuant  to  Section 13  or  15(d) of  the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

13

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

Annual Report 2021

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant:  (1) has  filed  all  reports  required  to  be  filed  by  Section 13  or  15(d) of  the  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be  submitted  pursuant  to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  is  a  large  accelerated  filer,  an  accelerated  filer,  a  non-accelerated  filer,  or  an  emerging  growth company. See definition of 'accelerated filer,' 'large accelerated filer,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☒

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  filed  a  report  on  and  attestation  to  its  management's  assessment  of  the  effectiveness  of  its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

U.S. GAAP ☐

International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting

Standards Board ☒

Other ☐

If 'Other' has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐

No ☒

† The term 'new or revised financial accounting standard' refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

## INTERNATIONAL GENERAL INSURANCE HOLDINGS LTD.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| PAGE  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  ii  IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES  iii  FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  iv  PART I  1  Item 1.  Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers  1  Item 2.  Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable  1  Item 3.  Key Information  1  Item 4.  Information on the Company  52  Item 4A.  Unresolved Staff Comments  85  Item 5.  Operating and Financial Review and Prospects  85  Item 6.  Directors, Senior Management and Employees  127  Item 7.  Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions  138  Item 8.  Financial Information  145  Item 9.  The Offer and Listing  145  Item 10.  Additional Information  146  Item 11.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks  165  Item 12.  Description of Securities other than Equity Securities  170  PART II  171  Item 13.  Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies  171  Item 14.  Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds  171  Item 15.  Controls and Procedures  171  Item 16A.  Audit Committee Financial Expert  172  Item 16B.  Code of Ethics  172  Item 16C.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  172  Item 16D.  Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees  173  Item 16E.  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.  173  Item 16F.  Change in Registrant's Certifying Accountant  174  Item 16G.  Corporate Governance  174  Item 16H.  Mine Safety Disclosure  174  Item 16I.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.  174  PART III  175  Item 17.  Financial Statements  175  Item 18.  Financial Statements  175  Item 19.  Exhibits  175  i   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 20-F (this 'annual report') of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company ('we,' 'IGI' or the 'Company'), constitute forward-looking statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. You should not place undue reliance on such statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business strategy. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as ability,' 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'budget,' 'can,' 'contemplate,' 'continue,' 'could,' 'design,' 'estimate,' 'expect,' 'forecast,' 'hope,' 'impact,' 'intend,' 'may,' 'outlook,' 'plan,' 'positioned,' 'potential,' 'predict,' 'project,' 'seek,' 'should,' 'strategy,' 'target,' 'value,' 'will,' 'would' and similar expressions. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they:

- discuss future expectations;
- contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition; or
- state other 'forward-looking' information.

All such forward-looking statements involve estimates and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in the statements. We believe it is important to communicate our expectations to our security holders. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to predict accurately or over which they have no control. The risk factors and cautionary language discussed in this annual report provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations described by us in such forward-looking statements, including among other things:

- changes in demand for IGI's services together with the possibility that IGI may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors globally and in the regions in which it operates;
- competition, the ability of IGI to grow and manage growth profitably and IGI's ability to retain its key employees;
- changes in applicable laws or regulations;
- the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company;
- the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and emerging variants;
- the effects of the hostilities between Russia and Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on Russia by the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and others;
- the inability to maintain the listing of the Company's common shares or warrants on Nasdaq; and
- other  risks  and  uncertainties  indicated  in  IGI's  filings  with  the  SEC,  including  the  risks  discussed  under  the  'Risk  Factors'  section  and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 20-F.

These risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report.

All forward-looking statements included herein attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Except to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations, we undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this annual report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

## IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

Our  financial  statements  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020  were  prepared  in  accordance  with  International  Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (referred to in this annual report as 'IFRS'). We refer in various places within  this  annual  report  to  core  operating  income,  core  operating  return  on  average  equity,  and  tangible  book  value  per  diluted  common  share  and accumulated dividends, which are non-IFRS measures that are more fully explained in ' Operating and Financial Review and Prospects .' The presentation of this non-IFRS information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our consolidated financial results prepared in accordance with IFRS.

## FREQUENTLY USED TERMS

As used in this  annual  report,  unless  the  context  otherwise  requires  or  indicates,  references  to  'we,'  'us,'  'our,'  'IGI,'  the  'Group'  and  the 'Company,' refer to International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company, and its consolidated subsidiaries subsequent to the Business Combination and references to 'IGI Dubai' refer to our wholly owned subsidiary International General Insurance Holdings Limited, a company organized under the laws of the Dubai International Financial Centre, on a stand-alone basis.

In this annual report:

'2020 Plan' means the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of the Company.

'Amended and Restated Bye-laws' means the amended and restated bye-laws of the Company.

'Business  Combination  Agreement'  means  the  Business  Combination  Agreement,  dated  as  of  October 10,  2019,  as  amended,  by  and  among Tiberius, IGI Dubai, the Purchaser Representative, the Seller Representative and, pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company and Merger Sub.

'Business Combination' means the Merger, the Share Exchange and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement that were completed on March 17, 2020.

'Cash Consideration' means an aggregate of $80.0 million paid to the Sellers in connection with the Share Exchange.

'Closing' means the closing of the Business Combination on March 17, 2020.

'Code' means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

'Companies Act' means the Companies Act of 1981 of Bermuda, as amended.

'Company' or 'IGI' or 'Group' means International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company, which became the parent company of Tiberius and IGI Dubai as a result of the Business Combination.

'Equity Consideration' means common shares of the Company issued to the Sellers equal in value to the Transaction Consideration minus the Cash Consideration.

'Exchange Act' means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

'Exchange  Shares'  means  common  shares  of  the  Company  equal  in  value  to  the  total  Transaction  Consideration  less  $80.0 million  of  Cash Consideration issued to former shareholders of IGI Dubai in exchange for their IGI Dubai shares.

'IFRS' refers to International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB').

'IGI  Dubai'  means  International  General  Insurance  Holdings  Ltd.,  a  company  organized  under  the  laws  of  the  Dubai  International  Financial Centre, which became a subsidiary of the Company as a result of the Business Combination.

'IGI Bermuda' means International General Insurance Co. Ltd.

'IGI Europe' means International General Insurance Company (Europe) S.E.

'IGI UK' means International General Insurance Company (UK) Limited.

'Insurance Act' means the Insurance Act of 1978 of Bermuda, as amended, and related rules and regulations.

'IRS' means the Internal Revenue Service of the United States.

'Jabsheh Director' means a director appointed by Wasef Jabsheh in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws.

'Jabsheh Family' means members of Wasef Jabsheh's immediate family and/or natural lineal descendants of Wasef Jabsheh or a trust or other similar entity established for the exclusive benefit of Wasef Jabsheh and his immediate family and natural lineal descendants.

'Labuan Branch' means the Labuan Branch of International General Insurance Co. Ltd.

'Merger' means the merger of Merger Sub with and into Tiberius, with Tiberius surviving such merger.

'Merger Sub' means Tiberius Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that merged with and into Tiberius as part of the Business Combination.

'Nasdaq' means the Nasdaq Capital Market.

'Non-Competition Agreement' means the Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated October 10, 2019, among Wasef Jabsheh, Tiberius and, pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company.

'Ominvest' means Oman International Development &amp; Investment Company SAOG.

'private warrants' means 4,500,000 warrants of the Company issued in exchange for 4,500,000 Tiberius private warrants at the closing of the Business Combination.

'Purchaser Representative' means Lagniappe Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

'Registration Rights Agreement' means the registration rights agreement, dated as of March 17, 2020, by and among the Company, the Purchaser Representative, and the Sellers party thereto as 'Investors' thereunder.

'Sarbanes-Oxley Act' means the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended.

'SEC' means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

'Securities Act' means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

'Sellers' means the shareholders of IGI who are parties to the Share Exchange Agreements.

'Seller Representative' means Wasef Jabsheh, who executed the Business Combination Agreement in his capacity as the representative of the Sellers.

'Share Exchange' means the exchange of all of the share capital of IGI Dubai as part of the Business Combination for a combination of our common shares and aggregate cash consideration of $80.0 million.

'Share Exchange Agreements' means the Share Exchange Agreements, dated October 10, 2019 or otherwise prior to the Closing, by and among the holders of all of the outstanding share capital of IGI Dubai, Tiberius and the Seller Representative and, pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company.

'Sponsor' means Lagniappe Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

'Sponsor  Share  Letter'  means  the  letter  agreement  between  the  Sponsor,  Tiberius,  IGI  Dubai,  Wasef  Jabsheh  and  Argo  Re  Limited,  dated October 10, 2019, to which the Company became a party after the date thereof by executing and delivering a joinder thereto.

'Tiberius'  means  Tiberius  Acquisition  Corporation,  a  Delaware  corporation,  which  became  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company  as  a  result  of  the Business Combination, and which has subsequently been dissolved.

'Tiberius common stock' means shares of common stock of Tiberius, par value $0.0001 per share.

'Tiberius warrant' means a warrant to purchase one share of Tiberius common stock at a price of $11.50 per share.

'Transaction Consideration' means the  total  consideration  paid  by  the  Company  to  the  Sellers  for  their  shares  of  IGI  as  part  of  the  Business Combination, consisting of Cash Consideration and Equity Consideration.

'USD' or '$' means the currency in dollars of the United States of America.

'U.S. GAAP' means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

'warrant' means a warrant to purchase one common share of the Company at a price of $11.50 per share.

## PART I

## ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

## ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION

## A. [Reserved]

## B. Capitalization and Indebtedness

Not applicable.

## C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

## D. Risk Factors

An investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included herein, in connection with your ownership of our securities. If any of the events described below occur, our business and financial results could be adversely affected in a material way. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, perhaps significantly, and you therefore may lose all or part of your investment. The risks set out below are not exhaustive and do not comprise all of the risks associated with an investment in the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or which we currently deem immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and/or its share price.

## Summary of Risk Factors

The following is a summary of certain, but not all, of the risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. If any of the risks actually occur, our business could be materially impaired, the trading price of our common shares could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

## Risks Relating to the Insurance and Reinsurance Industry

- If our underwriters fail to assess accurately the underwritten risks or fail to comply with internal guidelines on underwriting, our premiums may prove to be inadequate to cover the losses associated with such risks.
- The insurance and reinsurance industries are highly competitive.
- Consolidation in the insurance and reinsurance industry could adversely impact us.
- Our operating results are affected by the cyclicality of the insurance and reinsurance industry.
- If market conditions cause reinsurance to be more costly or unavailable, we may be required to bear increased risks or reduce the level of our underwriting commitments.

- The Company and its operating subsidiaries are subject to extensive laws and regulations. Any failure to comply with existing regulations or material changes in regulations could have a material adverse effect on us.
- Increasing barriers to free trade and the free flow of capital and fluctuations in the financial markets could adversely affect the insurance and reinsurance industry and our business.
- Public health crises, illness, epidemics or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
- Potential  government  intervention  in  the  insurance  industry  and  instability  in  the  marketplace  for  insurance  products  could  hinder  our flexibility and negatively affect our business opportunities.
- Claims arising from catastrophic events are unpredictable and could be severe.
- Changing climate conditions may increase the frequency and severity of catastrophic events and thereby adversely affect our business.
- Our investment portfolio and political risk underwriting exposures may be materially adversely affected by global climate change regulation and other factors.
- Emerging claim and coverage issues, such as (but not limited to) bad faith claims or disputed policy terms, could have an adverse effect on our business.

## Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations

- If our loss reserves are insufficient, it will have a negative impact on our results.
- Certain countries in which we operate are a high-risk environment for investment and business activities.
- We are subject to laws relating to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and economic sanctions.
- We rely on brokers to source our business and we may suffer if our relationships with brokers deteriorate.
- We could be materially adversely affected if agents and other producers exceed their underwriting authority or if our agents, insureds or other parties commit fraud or breach obligations owed to us.
- We may be exposed to claims for large losses related to uncorrelated events that occur at the same time.
- The availability of reinsurance and retrocessional coverage to limit our exposure to risks may be limited.
- We may be faced with a liquidity shortfall following a large loss or a series of large losses due to the settlement of claims prior to the receipt of monies due under outwards reinsurance arrangements.
- If our risk management and loss mitigation methods fail to adequately manage our exposure to losses, the losses we incur could be materially higher than our expectations.
- Many of our assets are invested in fixed maturity securities and are subject to market fluctuations and global interest rates.

- Losses on our investments may reduce our overall capital and profitability.
- If  our  determination  of  the  amount  of  allowances  and  impairments  taken  on  our  investments  turns  out  to  be  incorrect,  this  could  have  a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
- A decline in the ratings of our operating subsidiaries could adversely affect our business.
- The risk associated with underwriting treaty reinsurance business could adversely affect us.
- Deterioration  in  the  creditworthiness  of,  defaults  by,  commingling  of  funds  by,  or  reputational  issues  related  to  our  counterparties  could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
- Our operating results may be adversely affected by the failure of policyholders, brokers or others to honor their payment obligations.
- Our liquidity and counterparty risk exposures may be affected by the impairment of financial institutions.
- We are exposed to credit risk in certain areas of our operations.
- We may not be able to raise capital in the long term on favorable terms or at all.
- We are involved in legal and other proceedings, which could damage our reputation.
- Information technology systems that we use could fail or suffer a security breach, which could have a material adverse effect on us or result in the loss of sensitive information.
- Our operating results may be adversely affected by an unexpected accumulation of attritional losses.
- We are dependent on the use of third-party software, and any reduction in third party product quality or failure to comply with our licensing requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
- We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates which may adversely affect our operating results.
- The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union (the 'EU') could have a material adverse effect on our business.
- If actual renewals of our existing policies and contracts do not meet expectations, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.

## General Risk Factors

- A prolonged recession or deterioration in macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our business.
- Changes in employment laws, taxation and compensation practice may limit our ability to attract senior employees.
- Changes in the accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could impact our reported financial results and reported financial condition.

## RISK FACTORS

## Risks Relating to the Insurance and Reinsurance Industry

## If  our  underwriters fail to assess accurately the underwritten risks or fail to comply with internal guidelines on underwriting or their underwriting authority or if events or circumstances cause the underwriters' risk assessment to be incorrect, our premiums may prove to be inadequate to cover the losses associated with such risks.

Our underwriting results depend on whether the claims brought by policyholders are consistent with the assumptions and pricing models we use in underwriting and pricing our insurance covers. It is not possible to predict with certainty whether a single risk or a portfolio of risks underwritten by us will result in a loss, or the timing and severity of any loss that does occur. If our underwriters fail to assess accurately the underwritten risks or fail to comply with  internal  guidelines  on  underwriting  or  their  underwriting  authority  or  if  events  or  circumstances  cause  the  underwriters'  risk  assessment  to  be incorrect, our premiums may prove to be inadequate to cover the losses associated with such risks. Losses may also arise from events or exposures that are not anticipated when the coverage is priced. In addition to unanticipated events which increase losses beyond our expectations, we also face the risk of the potential  unanticipated  expansion  of  our  exposures,  particularly  in  long-tail  liability  lines  of  business.  Any  failure  by  us  to  manage  the  risks  that  we underwrite could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

## The insurance and reinsurance industries are highly competitive; competitive pressures may result in fewer policies underwritten, lower premium rates, increased expense for customer acquisition and retention and less favorable policy terms and conditions.

We operate in highly competitive markets. Customers may evaluate us and our competitors on a number of factors, including financial strength, underwriting capacity, expertise, local presence, reputation, experience and qualifications of employees, client relationships, geographic scope of business, products  and  services  offered  (including  ease  of  doing  business  over  the  electronic  placement  platforms),  premiums  charged,  ratings  assigned  by independent rating agencies, contract terms and conditions and the speed of claims payment.

Our  competitors  include  independent  reinsurance  and  insurance  companies,  subsidiaries  or  affiliates  of  established  worldwide  insurance companies, reinsurance departments of certain insurance companies and domestic and international underwriting operations. Some of these competitors have greater financial resources than we do and have established long term and continuing business relationships throughout the industry, which can be a significant competitive advantage. In addition, the lack of strong barriers to entry into the reinsurance business and the entry of alternative capital markets products  and  vehicles  provide  additional  sources  of  insurance  and  reinsurance  capacity  and  increased  competition.  We  directly  compete  with  large companies, smaller companies and other niche insurers and reinsurers. See 'Business - Competition'.

Our competitors vary by offered product line and covered territory. We also compete with new companies that enter the insurance and reinsurance markets, particularly companies with new or 'disruptive' technologies or business models. Capital markets participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. Recently, the insurance industry has faced increased competition from new underwriting capacity, such as the investment of significant amounts of capital by pension funds, mutual funds, hedge funds and other sources of alternative capital primarily into the natural catastrophe insurance and reinsurance businesses. In addition, technology companies and other third parties have created, and may in the future create, technology-enabled business models, processes, platforms or alternate distribution channels that may adversely impact our competitive position.

The  nature  of  the  competition  we  face  may  be  affected  by  disruption  and  deterioration  in  global  financial  markets  and  economic  downturns, including  as  a  result  of  the  war  in  Ukraine  and  the  effects  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  as  well  as  by  governmental  responses  thereto.  For  example, (i) government intervention might result in capital or other support for our competitors, (ii) governments may provide insurance and reinsurance capacity in markets and to consumers that we target, (iii) governments may take actions to reduce interest rates, impacting the value of and returns on fixed income investments or (iv) government intervention intended to protect consumers may restrict increases in premium rates.

Increased competition can result in fewer policies underwritten, lower premiums for the policies that are underwritten (over and above reductions due  to  favorable  loss  experience),  increased  expenses  associated  with  acquiring  and  retaining  business  and  policy  terms  and  conditions  that  are  less advantageous to us than we were able to obtain historically or that may be available to our competitors.

## Consolidation in the insurance and reinsurance industry could adversely impact us.

The  insurance  and  reinsurance  industry,  including  our  competitors,  customers  and  insurance  and  reinsurance  brokers,  has  been  consolidating. There has been a large amount of merger and acquisition activity in the insurance and reinsurance sector in recent years which may continue. We may experience increased competition as a result of that consolidation, with larger entities having enhanced market power. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, less favorable policy terms and conditions and greater costs of customer acquisition and retention.

Should  the  market  continue  to  consolidate,  competitors  may  try  to  use  their  enhanced  market  power  to  obtain  a  larger  market  share  through increased line sizes or through price competition. If competitive pressures reduce our prices, this could in turn lead to reduced premiums and a reduction in expected  earnings.  As  the  insurance  industry  consolidates,  competition  for  customers  will  become  more  intense  and  the  importance  of  sourcing  and properly servicing each customer will become greater. We could incur greater expenses relating to customer acquisition and retention, further reducing our operating margins.  In  addition,  insurance  companies  that  merge  may  be  able  to  spread  their  risks  across  a  larger  capital  base  so  that  they  require  less reinsurance. The number of companies offering reinsurance to competitors may decline. Reinsurance intermediaries could also continue to consolidate, potentially adversely impacting our ability to access business and distribute our products. We could also experience more robust competition from larger, better capitalized competitors. As a result of the consolidation in the industry, we may experience rate declines and possibly write less business. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, growth and prospects.

## Our operating results are affected by the cyclicality of the insurance and reinsurance industry.

The insurance and reinsurance industry historically has been cyclical, with significant fluctuations in premium rates and operating results due to competition,  the  frequency  and/or  severity  of  catastrophic  events,  levels  of  underwriting  capacity  in  the  industry,  changes  in  legislation,  case  law  and prevailing concepts of liability, general economic and social conditions and other factors. Insurance and reinsurance underwriting capacity is related to prevailing premium rates, the level of insured losses and the level of surplus capacity that, in turn, might fluctuate in response to changes in return on investments earned in the insurance and reinsurance industry and other factors. These cycles, as well as other factors that influence aggregate supply and demand for insurance and reinsurance products, are outside of our control.

This  cyclicality  has  produced  periods  characterized  by  intense  price  competition  and  widening  coverage  offerings  due  to  excess underwriting capacity (a so-called 'soft market'), with each line of business experiencing its own cycle. Where a line of business experiences soft market conditions, we may fail to obtain new insurance business in that line of business at the desired premium rates. In addition, the cycle may fluctuate as a result of changes in economic, legal, political and social factors. Since cyclicality is due in large part to the collective actions of insurers, reinsurers and general economic conditions and the occurrence of unpredictable events, we cannot predict the timing or duration of changes in the market cycle. If we fail to manage the cyclical nature of the insurance business, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

We operate a diversified business,  writing insurance  in  a  variety  of  lines  of  business  and  geographic  markets.  Different  lines  of  business  and different geographic markets can experience their own cycles and, therefore, the impact of various cycles will depend in part on the sectors of the insurance and reinsurance industry, as well as the geographic markets, in which we operate. In addition, increases in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insurers can significantly amplify these cycles. The effects of such cyclicality could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Furthermore, when interest rates are low, resulting in reduced investment market returns, alternative capital providers may be encouraged to enter the  insurance  market  in  order  to  achieve  higher  returns.  This  could  have  the  effect  of  increasing  the  level  of  competition  in  the  insurance  market  and applying pressure on premiums, which could affect the gross written premium ('GWP') that we are able to generate.

Interest  rate  movements  can  also  contribute  to  cyclicality  in  insurers'  underwriting  results.  In  a  high-interest  rate  environment,  increased investment returns may reduce insurers' required contribution from underwriting performance to achieve an attractive overall return. This may result in a less-disciplined approach to underwriting in the market generally as some underwriters could be inclined to offer lower premium rates to generate more business. We may therefore have to accept lower rates or broader coverage terms in order to remain competitive in the market, with the result that our premiums may be inadequate to cover the losses associated with such risks.

We may from time to time,  as  a  result  of  the  cyclicality  of  certain  lines  of  business,  decide  to  concentrate  on  fewer  lines  of  business.  As  a consequence, we may be exposed to additional risk and may be required to hold more regulatory capital on the basis that the business, and hence the associated risk, is more concentrated, which in turn may affect the efficiency of our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## If  market  conditions  cause  reinsurance  to  be  more  costly  or  unavailable,  we  may  be  required  to  bear  increased  risks  or  reduce  the  level  of  our underwriting commitments.

As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain amounts of risk underwritten by our insurance company subsidiaries, especially catastrophe risks and those risks with relatively high policy limits. We also purchase reinsurance on risks underwritten by others  which we reinsure. Market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we seek to purchase, which may affect the level of our business and profitability. Our reinsurance contracts are generally subject to annual renewal, and we may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance contracts or to obtain other reinsurance contracts in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. In addition, we may be unable to obtain reinsurance on terms acceptable to us relating to certain lines of business that we intend to begin underwriting. If we are unable to renew our expiring contracts or to obtain new reinsurance contracts, either our net exposures would increase or, if we are unwilling to bear an increase in net exposures, we would have to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, especially catastrophe exposed risks.

## The Company and its operating subsidiaries are subject to extensive laws and regulations. Any failure to comply with existing regulations or material changes in the regulation of our operations could have a material adverse effect on us.

The Company and its subsidiaries, branches and offices are subject to the laws and regulations of a number of jurisdictions worldwide, including Bermuda, the UK, Malaysia, Malta, Jordan, Morocco and the UAE. Existing laws and regulations, among other things, limit the amount of dividends that can be paid by our subsidiaries, prescribe solvency and capital adequacy standards, impose restrictions on the amount and type of investments that can be held to meet solvency and capital adequacy requirements, require the maintenance of reserve liabilities, and require pre-approval of acquisitions and certain affiliate  transactions.  Failure  to  comply  with  these  laws  and  regulations  or  to  maintain  appropriate  authorizations,  licenses,  and/or  exemptions  under applicable laws and regulations may cause governmental authorities to preclude or suspend our subsidiaries from carrying on some or all of their activities, place  one  or  more  of  them  into  rehabilitation  or  liquidation  proceedings,  impose  monetary  penalties  or  other  sanctions  on  them  or  our  affiliates,  or commence insurance company delinquency proceedings against our insurance subsidiaries.

The application of these laws and regulations could affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends, interest and other payments on securities, as applicable, and could restrict our ability to expand our business operations through acquisitions of new insurance subsidiaries. Furthermore, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements may result in significant expenses, which could have a negative impact on our profitability. We may not have or maintain all required licenses and approvals in every jurisdiction in which we operate and may not be able to fully comply with the wide variety of laws and regulations  applicable  to  us  or  the  relevant  authority's  interpretation  of  such  laws  and  regulations.  Some  regulatory  authorities  have  relatively  broad discretion  to  grant,  renew  or  revoke  licenses  and  approvals.  If  we  do  not  have  the  requisite  licenses  and  approvals  or  do  not  comply  with  applicable regulatory  requirements,  the  insurance  regulatory  authorities  could  preclude  or  temporarily  suspend  us  from  carrying  on  some  or  all  of  our  business activities or impose monetary penalties on us. Also, changes in the level of regulation of the insurance industry in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities, may further restrict the conduct of our business. In some instances, we follow practices based on our interpretations of regulations or practices that we believe may be generally followed by the industry. These practices may turn out to be different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities. These types of actions could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We  may  not  be  able  to  maintain  necessary  licenses,  permits,  authorizations  or  accreditations  in  jurisdictions  where  we  and  our  subsidiaries currently engage in business or obtain them in new jurisdictions, or may be able to do so only at significant cost. In addition, we may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, the wide variety of laws and regulations applicable to insurance or reinsurance companies. Although we have in place systems and controls designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, or agents acting on our behalf are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations or their interpretation by the relevant authorities and, given the complex nature  of  the  risks,  it  may  not  always  be  possible  for  us  to  ascertain  compliance  with  such  laws  and  regulations.  Failure  to  comply  with  or  to  obtain appropriate  authorizations  and/or  exemptions  under  any  applicable  laws  or  regulations  could  subject  us  to  investigations,  criminal  sanctions  or  civil remedies,  including  fines,  injunctions,  loss  of  an  operating  license,  reputational  consequences,  and  other  sanctions,  all  of  which  could  have  a  material adverse effect on our business. Changes in the laws or regulations to which we and our subsidiaries are subject could also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret or amend applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. Such authorities may require us to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations.

Our continued expansion into new businesses and markets has brought about additional requirements. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate  risk  management  and  compliance  programs,  compliance  risks  will  continue  to  exist,  particularly  as  we  become  subject  to  new  rules  and regulations. Any failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and government interpretations of such laws and regulations could also subject us to fines, penalties, equitable relief and changes to our business practices. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnelintensive. Changes in these laws and regulations could materially increase our direct and indirect compliance costs and other expenses of doing business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to extensive regulatory supervision and may, from time to time, be subject to inquiries or investigations that could result in fines, sanctions, variation or revocation of permissions and authorizations, reputational damage or loss of goodwill.

The conduct of the insurance and reinsurance business is subject to significant legal and regulatory requirements as well as governmental and quasi-governmental supervision in the various jurisdictions in which our group operates. Our business activities are regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority  ('BMA')  in  our  Bermuda  operations,  the  Prudential  Regulation Authority  ('PRA')  and  Financial  Conduct  Authority  ('FCA')  in  our  UK operations, the Malta Financial Services Authority ('MFSA') in our Malta operations, the Insurance Supervision Department, Central Bank of Jordan in our Jordanian operations, the Labuan Financial Services Authority in our operations in Malaysia, the Dubai Financial Services Authority in our operations in Dubai and the Casablanca Finance City for our operations in Morocco. This supervision and regulation are generally intended to be for the benefit of policyholders rather than shareholders or other investors. Among other things, the insurance laws and regulations applicable to us may:

- require the maintenance of certain solvency levels;
- restrict agreements with large revenue-producing agents;

- require obtaining licenses or authorizations from regulators;
- regulate transactions, including transactions with affiliates and intra-group guarantees;
- in certain jurisdictions, restrict the payment of dividends or other distributions;
- require the disclosure of financial and other information to regulators;
- impose restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments;
- regulate the admissibility of assets and capital;
- provide for involvement in the payment or adjudication of catastrophe or other claims beyond the terms of the policies; and
- establish certain minimum operational requirements or customer service standards such as the timeliness of finalized policy language or lead time for notice of non-renewal or changes in terms and conditions.

As part of regular, mandated risk assessments, regulators may take steps that have the effect of restricting our business activities, which may in turn have a material impact on our ability to achieve growth objectives and earnings targets. For example, each regulated insurance business we operate is subject to a number of restrictions on assets we may hold under relevant regulations and tax rules, and regulators may, as has happened in the past, alter such restrictions, thus potentially affecting our investment policy and any associated projected income or growth return from our investments. In addition, based on our perceived risk profile, regulators may require additional regulatory capital to be held by us (including as part of guidance provided by the regulator to us on a confidential basis), which, among other things, may affect the business we can write and the amount of dividends we are able to pay out.

In  addition,  legislation  and  other  regulatory  initiatives  taken  or  which  may  be  taken  in  response  to  conditions  in  the  financial  markets,  global supervision and other factors may lead to additional regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years.

The insurance and reinsurance industries have experienced substantial volatility as a result of investigations, litigation and regulatory activity by various insurance, governmental and enforcement authorities, concerning various practices within the insurance and reinsurance industry. If we or any of our subsidiaries were to be found to be in breach of any existing or new laws or regulations now or in the future, we would be exposed to the risk of intervention by regulatory authorities, including investigation and surveillance, and judicial or administrative proceedings. In addition, our reputation could suffer and we could be fined or prohibited from engaging in some or all of our business activities or could be sued by counterparties, as well as forced to devote significant resources to cooperate with regulatory investigations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

Any future regulatory changes, litigation or failure to comply with applicable laws could result in the imposition of significant restrictions on our ability to do business, and could also result in suspensions, injunctions, monetary damages, fines or other sanctions, any or all of which could adversely affect  our  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  These  events,  if  they  occur,  could  affect  the  competitive  market  and  the  way  we  conduct  our business and manage our capital and could result in lower revenues and higher costs. As a result, such actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

## Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements could impact our reported financial results and reported financial condition.

The Company has historically prepared its financial statements in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board. Beginning with its consolidated financial statements for fiscal periods ending after January 1, 2023, the Company has elected to voluntarily change its  basis  of  accounting  from  IFRS  to  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  in  the  United  States  ('U.S.  GAAP').  As  a  preparer  of  IFRS  financial statements,  we  have  historically  complied  with  IFRS  4,  Insurance  Contracts,  which  is  applicable  to  the  insurance  industry.  In  May  2017,  the  IASB published  its  replacement  standard  on  insurance  accounting  (IFRS  17,  'Insurance  Contracts'),  which  will  have  the  effect  of  introducing  fundamental changes  to  the  reporting  of  insurance  entities  that  prepare  accounts  according  to  IFRS.  The  effective  date  of  IFRS  17  is  for  annual  reporting  periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. The Company will be voluntarily changing its basis of accounting from IFRS to U.S. GAAP and will present its consolidated financial statements under U.S. GAAP effective January 1, 2023 (the 'first reporting period'). As a result, the Company has discontinued the process of implementing IFRS 17.

The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP rather than IFRS could cause us to report results in the future which are different than what our results would have been had we continued to report in accordance with IFRS. There may be certain differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, including but not limited to the accounting and disclosure requirements relating to certain Company's shares subject to vesting, investments, investment properties, employees stock based compensation, non-financial assets, taxation and impairment of investments. Because our  reported  results  for  future  periods  may  be  different  when  prepared  in  accordance  with  U.S.  GAAP  as  compared  to  IFRS,  you  may  not  be  able  to meaningfully compare our prior financial statements under IFRS with our financial statements under U.S. GAAP.

In  addition  to  the  transitional  adjustments  arising  from  the  change  in  the  basis  of  accounting  as  described  above,  there  may  also  be  some reclassification adjustments to our balance sheet and income statement, without any impact on shareholders' equity and net income, and an immaterial impact on some of the non-GAAP financial measures.

Going forward, changes in U.S. GAAP could require us to change the way in which our future results are determined or require a retrospective adjustment of reported results. Such changes could relate to the fair value of assets and liabilities, the recognition of revenue and expenses, the accounting for acquired entities, as well as related income tax effects. Any such changes could result in material changes to our financial results.

## Increasing  barriers  to  free  trade  and  the  free  flow  of  capital  and  fluctuations  in  the  financial  markets  could  adversely  affect  the  insurance  and reinsurance industry and our business.

Political initiatives to restrict free trade and close markets, such as Brexit (exit of the United Kingdom from the EU on January 31, 2020) and the U.S. decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific partnership and potentially renegotiate or terminate existing bilateral and multilateral trade arrangements, could adversely affect the insurance and reinsurance industry and our business. The insurance and reinsurance industries are disproportionately impacted by restraints  on  the  free  flow  of  capital  and  risk  because  the  value  it  provides  depends  on  its  ability  to  globally  diversify  risk.  With  respect  to  Brexit,  in June 2021 we acquired an EU insurance operation in Malta, which enables IGI to pursue business in the EU, but also subjects us to regulation in the EU.

In  addition,  prolonged  and  severe  disruptions  in  the  overall  public  and  private  debt  and  equity  markets,  such  as  occurred  during  2008  and  in connection  with  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  could  result  in  significant  realized  and  unrealized  losses.  Public  and  private  debt  and  equity  markets  may experience disruption in individual market sectors, such as has occurred in the energy sector.

Further, the impact on global markets from the outbreak of global pandemics such as COVID-19 is uncertain. The adoption of certain hygiene measures, including quarantining populations, as well as restrictions on travel and the closing of national borders may adversely affect our business. Any prolonged restrictive measures in order to control a contagious disease or other adverse public health developments in our targeted markets may have a material and adverse effect on our business operations.

Global markets are also highly susceptible to other macroeconomic disruptions, such as, for example, regional military conflicts. In February 2022, Russian  military  forces  launched  a  military  action  in  Ukraine.  The  sustained  conflict  and  disruption  in  the  region  have  continued  to  date.  The  length, impact, and outcome of this ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable and could lead to further significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability,  trade  disputes  or  trade  barriers,  changes  in  consumer  or  purchaser  preferences,  as  well  as  an  increase  in  insurance  claims  related  to  losses incurred in connection with any of the above disruptions.

Given  ongoing  global  economic  uncertainties,  evolving  market  conditions  may  affect  our  results  of  operations,  financial  position  and  capital resources. In  the event  that there  is  additional  deterioration  or  volatility  in  financial  markets  or  general  economic  conditions,  our  results  of  operations, financial position, capital resources and competitive landscape could be materially and adversely affected.

## Public health crises, epidemics or pandemics could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.

Any significant public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, could lead to significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption in the global economy. Turbulence in the financial markets, including due to public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, may limit our ability to access the credit or equity markets. Moreover, changes in interest rates, reduced liquidity or a continued slowdown in global economic conditions may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. Extreme market volatility may leave us unable to react to market events in a prudent manner consistent with our historical practices in dealing with more orderly markets. As a result of public health crises, we may also face increased costs associated with claims under our policies, an increased number of customers experiencing difficulty paying premiums or policies being  designated  as  'no  lapse'  for  periods  of  time.  The  cost  of  reinsurance  to  us  for  these  policies  could  increase,  and  we  may  encounter  decreased availability of such reinsurance. Continuation of these conditions may potentially affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made  under  our  policies,  the  ability  of  clients,  counterparties  and  others  to  establish  or  maintain  their  relationships  with  us,  our  ability  to  access  and efficiently use internal and external capital resources and our investment performance.

Further,  from  an  operational  perspective,  our  employees,  sales  associates,  brokers  and  distribution  partners,  as  well  as  the  workforces  of  our vendors, service providers and counterparties, may also be adversely affected by public health crises or efforts to mitigate them, including governmentmandated shutdowns, requests or orders for employees to work remotely, and other social distancing measures, which could result in an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business. Disruption to our operations may also result if our employees, or those of our service partners and counterparties, are affected by travel restrictions, office closures and other measures impacting on working practices, such as the imposition of remote working arrangements, and quarantine requirements and isolation measures under local laws, social distancing and/or other psychosocial impacts. While such measures are in place, there may be an increase across the industry in attempts to compromise IT systems through phishing and social engineering tactics.

Any significant public health crises, epidemics or pandemics could adversely impact our business, operations and financial results. The impact of such events will depend on numerous evolving factors, many of which are not within our control and which we may not be able to accurately predict.

## Ongoing  political  and  economic  uncertainties  prevalent  in  Lebanon  may  adversely  affect  the  fair  value  of  the  Group's  equity  interest  in  certain investment properties located in Lebanon.

The Group holds a 32.7% equity ownership interest in several companies located in Beirut and registered in Lebanon, with the Group's investment amounting  to  $6.0 million  as  of  December 31,  2022.  These  companies  are  engaged  in  the  leasing  of  commercial  buildings  which  are  in  the  nature  of investment property. The real estate market in Lebanon has changed significantly since the onset of the financial crisis that affected the country. Due to the relatively limited amount of information available under prevailing market conditions, and as a result of artificial demand created by investors outside the professional real estate  development industry, who primarily aim to divest from cash assets into more secure holdings, prices found on the market are uncertain.  Furthermore,  since  most  property  owners  only  accept  payments  in  US  Dollars  and  not  in  local  Lebanese  currency,  demand  for  commercial buildings has dropped considerably. Accordingly, prices found on the market as of December 31, 2022, including achieved sales prices, are only indicative and may not hold if the market were to be corrected.

## Legislation enacted in Bermuda as to economic substance may affect our operations.

Pursuant to the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda and its related regulations (together, the 'ES Act') that came into force on January 1, 2019, a registered entity other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside Bermuda ('non-resident entity') that carries on as a business any one or more of the 'relevant activities' referred to in the ES Act must comply with economic substance requirements. The ES Act may require in-scope Bermuda entities which are engaged in such 'relevant activities' to be directed and managed in Bermuda, have an adequate level of qualified employees in Bermuda, incur an adequate level of annual expenditure in Bermuda, maintain physical offices and premises in Bermuda or perform core income-generating activities in Bermuda. The list of 'relevant activities' includes carrying on any one or more of the following activities: banking, insurance, fund management, financing, leasing, headquarters, shipping, distribution and service center, intellectual property and holding entities.

The ES Act could affect the manner in which we operate our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For purposes of the ES Act, we believe that the Company is a 'pure equity holding company'. The economic substance requirements for a 'pure equity holding company' are less onerous than those for entities which are carrying out other relevant activities (pure equity holding entities are subject to minimum economic substance requirements). As such, and as long as it does not carry on any other 'relevant activity', we would not expect to be required to take additional actions beyond the minimum economic substance requirements for the purposes of compliance with the ES Act. Entities like IGI that are not  in  scope  are  only  required  to  file  a  'nil'  declaration.  However,  our  expectations  could  change  subject  to  further  amendment  and  guidance  on  the interpretation of the ES Act. With respect to IGI Bermuda, for the purposes of the ES Act, we believe IGI Bermuda is carrying on the relevant activity of 'insurance'. IGI Bermuda's compliance with its regulatory requirements under the Insurance Act and the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, as amended (the 'Companies Act') will assist in evidencing its compliance with the economic substance requirements under the ES Act, but may not be conclusive. From time to time we  engage in  dialogue,  communication  and  written  correspondence  with  the  Registrar  of  Companies  of  Bermuda  (the  'Registrar') regarding  our  compliance  with  economic  substance  requirements.  The  Registrar  may  from  time  to  time  require  further  information  or  request documentation from us regarding our compliance with economic substance requirements,  may require  us  to  enhance  our  infrastructure  in  Bermuda  or remediate asserted non-compliance and may impose civil penalties if we are not in compliance with applicable regulations. IGI Bermuda may need to continue to enhance its infrastructure in Bermuda for the purpose of satisfying economic substance requirements under the ES Act and this may result in, among other things, some additional operational cost.

An entity which is in-scope of the ES Act is required to complete and file a declaration form as to its compliance with its economic substance requirements no later than six months after the last day of its previous financial year. The Registrar will have regard to the information provided in the declaration form in making his assessment of the entity's compliance with the economic substance requirements under the ES Act. Entities like IGI that are not in scope are only required to file a 'nil' declaration.

## Potential government intervention in the insurance industry and instability in the marketplace for insurance products could hinder our flexibility and negatively affect the business opportunities that may be available to us in the market.

Government intervention in the insurance industry and the possibility of future government intervention have created uncertainty in the insurance and reinsurance markets. Governmental authorities worldwide have become increasingly interested in potential risks posed by the insurance industry as a whole to commercial and financial systems in general, and there could be increased regulatory intervention in the insurance and reinsurance industries in the future.

Government  regulators  are  generally  concerned  with  the  protection  of  policyholders  to  the  exclusion  of  other  constituencies,  including shareholders of insurers. While we cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of possible governmental initiatives, such proposals could adversely affect our business by, among other things:

- providing insurance and reinsurance capacity in markets and to consumers that we target;
- requiring our participation in industry pools and guaranty associations;
- expanding the scope of coverage under existing policies (for example, following large disasters);
- further regulating the terms of insurance and reinsurance policies;
- mandating that insurers provide coverage for areas such as terrorism, where insurance might otherwise be difficult to obtain; or
- disproportionately benefiting the companies of one country over those of another.

Government intervention has in the recent past taken the form of financial support of certain companies in the insurance and reinsurance industry. Governmental support of individual competitors can lead to increased pricing pressure and a distortion of market dynamics. The insurance industry is also affected  by  political,  judicial  and  legal  developments  that  may  create  new  and  expanded  theories  of  liability,  which  may  result  in  unexpected  claims frequency and severity and delays or cancellations of products and services by insureds, insurers and reinsurers which could adversely affect our business.

European legislation known as 'Solvency II' was introduced with effect from January 1, 2016 and governs the prudential regulation of insurers and reinsurers. Solvency II requires insurers and reinsurers in Europe to meet risk-based solvency requirements. Solvency II covers three main areas: (i) the valuation of assets and liabilities on a Solvency II economic basis and risk-based solvency and capital requirements; (ii) governance requirements effecting the key functions of compliance, internal audit, actuarial and risk management; and (iii) new supervisory legal entity and group reporting and disclosure requirements,  including  public  disclosures.  Solvency II  imposes  governance  requirements  on  groups  with  insurers  and/or  reinsurers  operating  in  the European  Economic  Area  and  imposes  significant  requirements  for  EU-based  regulated  companies  which  require  substantial  documentation  and implementation effort. Following the UK's departure from the EU it is anticipated that there would be a divergence between UK and EU regulatory systems as the UK determines which EU laws and regulations to maintain and which to replace.

The BMA has also implemented and imposed additional requirements on the commercial insurance companies it regulates, driven, in large part, by Solvency II. The European Commission has adopted a decision concluding that Bermuda meets the full equivalence criteria under Solvency II.

Additionally,  governments  and  regulatory  bodies  may  take  unpredictable  action  to  ensure  continued  supply  of  insurance,  particularly  where  a given event leads to withdrawal of capacity from the market. For example, regulators may seek to force us to offer certain covers to (re)insureds, constrain our flexibility to apply certain terms and conditions or constrain our ability to make changes to the pricing of our contracts. There can be no assurance as to the  effect  that  any  such  governmental  or  regulatory  actions  will  have  on  the  financial  markets  generally  or  on  our  competitive  position,  business  and financial condition.

We cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of any possible governmental initiatives and any such proposals could adversely affect our business. We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain desired exemptions from, revised statutes, regulations and policies that currently, or may in the future, govern the conduct of our business. Failure to comply with, or to obtain desired authorizations and/or exemptions under, any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions.

## Claims arising from catastrophic events are unpredictable and could be severe.

Our operations expose us to claims arising out of unpredictable natural and other catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, windstorms, hailstorms, tornadoes, tsunamis, severe winter weather, earthquakes, floods, fires, explosions, global pandemics, political unrest, drilling, mining and other industrial accidents,  cyber  events  and  terrorism.  In  addition  to  the  nature  of  the  property  business,  economic  and  geographic  trends  affecting  insured  property, including inflation, property value appreciation and geographic concentration, tend to generally increase the size of losses from catastrophic events over time.

Actual  losses  from  catastrophic  events  may  vary  materially  from  estimates  due  to  the  inherent  uncertainties  in  making  such  determinations resulting  from  several  factors,  including  potential  inaccuracies  and  inadequacies  in  the  data  provided  by  clients,  brokers  and  ceding  companies,  the modeling techniques and the application of such techniques, the contingent nature of business interruption exposures, the effects of any resultant demand surge on claims activity and attendant coverage issues.

The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from such catastrophes could be substantial. The extent of losses from such catastrophes is a function of the number, the frequency and severity of events, the total amount of insured exposure in the areas affected, the effectiveness of our catastrophe risk management program, and the adequacy of our reinsurance coverage. Increases in the value and concentrations of insured property and demographic changes more broadly, the effects of inflation and changes in weather patterns may increase the frequency or severity of claims from catastrophic events in the future. We may from time to time issue preliminary estimates of the impact of catastrophic events that, because of uncertainties in estimating certain losses, need to be updated as more information becomes available.

Our most significant catastrophe exposures are set forth below:

Natural  catastrophes. The  occurrence  of  natural  catastrophes  is  inherently  uncertain.  Generally,  over  the  past  decade,  insured  losses  for catastrophes have increased, due principally to weather-related catastrophes. The increasing concentrations of economic activities and people living and working in areas exposed to natural catastrophes have resulted in increased exposure for insurance providers. Increasing insurance penetration, growing technological vulnerability and higher property values have further compounded the insurance industry's exposure. A series of extreme weather events resulted in one of the most expensive years for natural catastrophes in 2017. Significant natural catastrophes affecting IGI in the recent past have included Hurricane  Maria,  Hurricane  Irma  and  the  September 2017  earthquake  in  Mexico.  Our  most  significant  claims  relating  to  natural  catastrophes,  net  of reinsurance, during the recent past have included claims relating to the Mexican floods and Hurricane Dorian in the Bahamas in 2019, the Puerto Rico Earthquake and Hurricane Laura in the state of Louisiana in the United States in 2020, Hurricane Ida and the European Floods in 2021, and Hurricane Ian and Australia Floods in 2022, which resulted in gross and net reported claims of $4.0 million and $3.9 million, respectively. The possible effects of natural catastrophes could be compounded by climate change, severe weather, floods and drought, as well as adverse agricultural yields.

Man-made disasters. Complex technology intersecting with increased population density, infrastructure and higher rates of utilization of natural resources increase the likelihood and the magnitude of catastrophic man-made events caused by accident or negligence. Man-made disasters, as well as disasters that pose significant risk to the environment, bear particularly high potential for losses. Due to the uncertainty of the occurrence of, and loss from, man-made disasters, unexpected large losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Man-made disasters such as oil spills from offshore drilling could give rise not only to claims due to the damage caused by such events but also claims arising from governmental sanctions and civil litigation.

Global pandemics. The outbreak of a pandemic disease, like COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and the operating results of our business due to its impact on the economy and financial markets.

Terrorism. We face risks related to terrorist and criminal acts on a significant scale (including acts intended to cause strain on financial and other critical infrastructures, which, given the state of reliance on digital technology, could be triggered by cyber threats). Our exposure to terrorism and criminal acts arises mainly from the political violence line of business. However, conventions in the market limit or exclude certain terrorist acts in a number of lines of business. We closely monitor the amount and types of coverage we provide for terrorism risk under treaties. If we believe we can reasonably evaluate the risk of loss and charge an appropriate premium for such risk, we will underwrite terrorism exposure on a stand-alone basis. We generally seek to exclude terrorism from non-terrorism policies.

Cyber. We currently have limited exposure to cyber insurance which encompass two reinsurance treaties starting from the first quarter of 2023. We seek wherever possible to exclude losses resulting from cyber related events from our coverages. Notwithstanding this, we do have a degree of potential exposure to losses arising following cyber-attacks including where cover has been explicitly written back into policies and exposure to 'silent cyber' risks, meaning risks and potential losses associated with policies where cyber risk is neither specifically included nor excluded in the policies. Even in cases where we attempt to exclude cyber-security and certain other similar risks from some coverage written by us, we may not be successful in doing so.

Military conflicts. In February 2022, Russian military forces launched a military action in Ukraine. The sustained conflict and disruption in the region have continued to date and may extend beyond Ukraine and Russia. The conflict has resulted in significant volatility in commodity prices and the supply  of  energy  and  other  resources,  supply  chain  interruptions,  political  and  social  instability,  trade  disputes  or  trade  barriers,  any  of  which  could adversely affect the number and amount of insurance claims related to losses incurred in connection with any of the above disruptions.

Systemic  events. In  addition  to  natural  and  man-made  disasters,  systemic  financial  risks  have  the  potential  to  cause  significant  economic disruptions in a variety of geographies and sectors, due to the interconnectedness of the global economy, which could give rise to significant claims. The 2008 global financial crisis was one such event. In this context, such economic disruptions could adversely impact certain of the lines of business to which we are exposed including (but not necessarily limited to) our professional lines and financial institutions lines of business.

In  general,  while  we  hold capital  to  cover  catastrophes  and  use geographic and line of business diversification and reinsurance to manage our exposure to risks, these measures may not be sufficient were we to face significant claims in excess of expected losses. Claims from catastrophic events could reduce our earnings and cause substantial volatility in our results of operations for any given period. A catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could also adversely affect our financial condition and our capital position. To meet our obligations with respect to claims from catastrophic events, we may be forced to liquidate some of our investments rapidly, which may involve selling a portion of our investments into a depressed market, which would decrease our returns from investments and could strain our capital position. Our ability to write new insurance policies could also be impacted as a result  of  corresponding  reductions  in  our  capital.  Any  of  these  occurrences  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  results  of  operations  and  our financial condition.

Additionally, to help assess our exposure to losses from catastrophes we use computer-based models which simulate multiple scenarios using a variety of assumptions. These models are developed in part by third party vendors and their effectiveness relies on the numerous inputs and assumptions contained within them, including, but not limited to, scientific research, historical data, exposure data provided by insureds and reinsureds, data on the terms and conditions of insurance policies and the professional judgment of our employees and other industry specialists. While the models have evolved considerably over time, they may not necessarily accurately measure the statistical distribution of potential future losses due to the inherent limitations of the inputs and assumptions on which they rely.

These limitations are evidenced by significant variation in the results obtained from different external vendor natural catastrophe models, material changes  in  model  results  over  time  due  to  refinement  of  the  underlying  data  elements  and  assumptions  and  the  uncertain  predictive  capability  and performance of models over longer time intervals.

Due to the foregoing, it is possible that a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could produce significant losses and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

## Changing  climate  conditions  may  increase  the  frequency  and  severity  of  catastrophic  events  and  thereby  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations.

Over  the  past  several years,  changing  weather  patterns  and  climatic  conditions,  such  as  global  warming,  appear  to  have  contributed  to  the unpredictability,  frequency  and  severity  of  natural  disasters  and  created  additional  uncertainty  as  to  future  trends  and  exposures.  Although  the  loss experience of catastrophe insurers and reinsurers has historically been characterized as low frequency, climate change increases the frequency and severity of extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, windstorms, floods and other natural disasters. Many sectors to which we provide insurance and reinsurance coverage might be affected by climate change. The increased frequency and severity of extreme weather events could make it more difficult for us to predict and model catastrophic events, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate our risks.

The effects of global warming and climate change cannot be predicted and may aggravate potential loss scenarios, risk modelling and financial performance. Increasing global average temperatures may continue in the future and could impact our business in the long-term. Claims for catastrophic events,  or  an  unusual  frequency  of  smaller  losses  in  a  particular  period,  could  expose  us  to  large  losses,  cause  substantial  volatility  in  our  results  of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to write new business. Furthermore, climate change could lead to severe weather events spreading to parts of the world that have not previously experienced extreme weather conditions. Any of these occurrences may decrease the accuracy of our underwriting models and may result in us mispricing risk when writing our policies.

If climate change results in an increase in the frequency and severity of weather-related catastrophes, we may experience additional catastropherelated  losses  or  disruptions,  which  may  be  material.  Additionally,  we  cannot  predict  how  legal,  regulatory and/or  social  responses  to  concerns  around global climate change may impact our business. Although we attempt to manage our exposure to such events through the use of underwriting controls, risk models, and the purchase of third party reinsurance, catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events when they occur could  be  more  frequent  or  severe  than  contemplated  in  our  pricing  and  risk  management  expectations.  As  a  result,  the  occurrence  of  one  or  more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

## Our investment portfolio exposures may be materially adversely affected by global climate change regulation and other factors.

World leaders met at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in December 2015 in Paris and agreed to limit global greenhouse gas emissions in the atmosphere to a level which would not increase the average global temperature by more than 2° Celsius, with an aspiration of limiting such increase  to  1.5°  Celsius  (the  'Paris  Agreement').  In  order  for  governments  to  achieve  their  existing  and  future  international  commitments  to  limit  the concentration of greenhouse gases under the Paris Agreement, there is widespread consensus in the scientific community that a significant percentage of existing proven fossil fuel reserves must not be consumed. In addition, divestment campaigns, which call on asset owners to divest from direct ownership of commingled  funds  that  include  fossil  fuel  equities  and  bonds,  likewise  signal  a  change  in  society's  attitude  towards  the  social  and  environmental externalities of doing business.

In addition, the 2021 UN Climate Change Conference (COP26) was held in Glasgow and sought to accelerate action towards the goals of the Paris Agreement. The COP26 agreement, although not legally binding, includes pledges to further cut CO2 emissions, reduce the use of coal, and significantly increase the amount of money necessary to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change.

As a result of the above, energy companies and other companies engaged in the production or storage of fossil fuels may experience unexpected or premature devaluations or write-offs of their fossil fuel reserves. A material change in the asset value of fossil fuels or the securities of energy companies and  companies  in  these  other  sectors  may  therefore  materially  adversely  affect  our  investment  portfolio  and  our  results  of  operations  and  financial condition.

## The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues, such as (but not limited to) bad faith claims or disputed policy terms, on our business are uncertain.

As  industry  practices  and  economic,  legal,  judicial,  social,  political,  technological  and  environmental  conditions  change,  unexpected  and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge, including new or expanded theories of liability. Claim and coverage issues can arise when the  application  of  insurance  policy  language  to  potentially  covered  claims  is  unclear  or  disputed  by  the  parties.  When  such  issues  emerge  they  may adversely affect our business by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or increasing the number or size of claims. In some instances, these coverage changes may not become apparent until after we have issued insurance contracts that are affected by such changes. As a result, the full extent of our liability under insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. Emerging claim and coverage issues could therefore have  an  adverse  effect  on  our  operating  results  and  financial  condition.  In  particular,  our  exposure  to  casualty  insurance  lines  increases  our  potential exposure to this risk due to the uncertainties of expanded theories of liability and the 'long-tail' nature of these lines of business.

These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and/or severity of claims. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued the insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. In addition, our actual losses may vary materially from our current estimate of the loss based on a number of factors. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to:

- judicial expansion of policy coverage and a greater propensity to grant claimants more favorable amounts and the impact of new theories of liability;
- plaintiffs targeting insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices;
- social inflation trends, including higher and more frequent claims, more favorable judgments and legislated increases;
- medical developments that link health issues to particular causes, resulting in liability claims;
- claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies, including cyber-security related risks;
- claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions; and
- increased claims due to third party funding of litigation.

These or other changes could impose new financial obligations on us by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or otherwise require us  to  make  unplanned  modifications  to  the  products  and  services  that  we  provide,  or  cause  the  delay  or  cancellation  of  products  and  services  that  we provide.

The  monetary  impact  of  certain  claims  may  be  difficult  to  predict  or  ascertain  upon  inception  and  potential  losses  from  such  claims  can  be significant. For example, the full extent of our liability and exposure from claims of bad faith is not ascertainable until the claim has been presented and investigated. As such, a significant award in monetary terms on the basis of bad faith could adversely affect our financial condition or operating results.

With respect to our casualty and specialty reinsurance operations, these legal and social changes and their impact may not become apparent until some time after their occurrence. For example, we could be deemed liable for losses arising out of a matter which we had not anticipated or had attempted to contractually exclude.

Potential efforts by us to exclude such exposures could, if successful, reduce the market's acceptance of our related products. The full effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely hard to predict. As a result, the full extent of our liability under our coverages may not be known for many years after a contract is issued.

In addition, the potential passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to extend the statutes of limitations  or  otherwise  to  repeal  or  weaken  tort  reforms  could  have  an  adverse  impact  on  our  business.  The  effects  of  unforeseen  developments  or substantial government intervention could adversely impact our ability to achieve our goals. The effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are difficult to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

## Risks Relating to our Business and Operations

## A deterioration in macroeconomic, political and other conditions, particularly in select parts of Europe, Central and South America, the Middle East and Africa, could adversely impact our financial performance.

We are an international business and are affected by economic, political and other macro conditions and industry specific conditions in certain markets in which we operate, including the UK, continental Europe, Central and South America, the Middle East and Africa.

Our international operations and investments expose us to increased political, operational and economic risks. Deterioration or volatility in foreign and  international  financial  markets  or  general  economic  and  political  conditions  could  adversely  affect  our  operating  results,  financial  condition  and liquidity. Economic imbalances and financial market turmoil could result in a widening of credit spreads and volatility in share prices. The publication of certain  financial  and  economic  data  could  indicate  that  global  financial  markets  are  deteriorating.  These  circumstances  could  lead  to  a  decline  in  asset values  and  potentially  reduce  the  demand  for  insurance  due  to  limited  economic  growth  prospects.  Concerns  about  the  economic  conditions,  capital markets, political and economic stability and solvency of certain countries have contributed to global market volatility. Political changes in the jurisdictions where we operate and elsewhere, some of which may be disruptive, can also interfere with the business of our customers and our activities in a particular location.

Economic conditions in the Middle East region affect us given that approximately 10% of our GWP generated in each of 2022 and 2021 originated from risks in this region. In addition, a significant portion of our investment assets are located in the MENA region. Since the start of the 2008 financial crisis, there has been a dampening or reversal of the high rates of growth that had been experienced by many countries within the broader Middle East region and in particular the Gulf Co-operation Council countries, comprising Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (the 'GCC'). Since the first half of 2011 there has been significant political and social unrest in the Middle East region, including violent protests and armed conflict in a number of countries, such as Syria and Yemen. The situation has caused significant disruption to the economies of affected countries, which in some instances has led to an increase in premiums, but has overall had a destabilizing effect on insurance premiums. The bulk of our underwriting operations are based in London, with back and middle-office underwriting operations centralized in Jordan. Jordan has proven politically and socially stable to  date,  notwithstanding  the  recent  events  in  the  wider  Middle  East  region.  While  a  change  in  the  political  or  social  situation  in  Jordan  could  prove disruptive to our operations, we have the capacity to service our operations in Jordan from our London and Dubai offices should the situation change.

A deterioration in macroeconomic conditions globally may affect the decisions of current and prospective policyholders as to the level of insurance or reinsurance coverage which they purchase in any given year, which in turn may, where such parties decide to reduce or otherwise limit their expenditure on such coverage, affect the amount of business underwritten by us. Also, the nature of insurance liabilities is one of a promise to pay claims at a point in the future, meaning that a change in macroeconomic conditions leading to increased inflation may result in an increase in the value at which claims are paid. Our international operations also may be subject to a number of additional risks, particularly in emerging economies, including restrictions such as price controls, capital controls, currency exchange limits, ownership limits and other restrictive or anti-competitive governmental actions or requirements. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Estimating insurance reserves is inherently uncertain and, if our loss reserves are insufficient, it will have a negative impact on our results.

To  recognize  liabilities  for  outstanding  claims,  both  known  or  unknown,  insurers  establish  reserves,  which  is  a  balance  sheet  account  entry representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred. Estimates and assumptions relating to reserves for net claims and claim adjustment expenses are based on complex and subjective judgments, often including the interplay of specific uncertainties with related accounting and actuarial measurements. Such estimates are susceptible to change. For example:

- At the time of loss information available regarding the circumstances and the extent of a loss may not be fully known.
- It may not be clear whether the circumstances of a loss are covered.
- If a legal decision is required to resolve coverage this may take many years.
- The actions the insured takes to remediate the loss may affect the eventual loss amount (favorably or unfavorably).
- The availability of replacement parts, skilled labor, access to the loss site and the speed at which repairs can be undertaken may not be known for some time and may be subject to change.
- It may be many years before the occurrence of a loss becomes known.
- Where  claims  take  a  long  time  to  settle,  new  information,  changes  in  circumstances,  legal  decisions,  rates  of  exchange  and  economic conditions (particularly claims inflation) may affect the value and validity of claims made.

When a claim is reported, a member of the claims team will establish a 'case reserve'. The case reserve will represent an estimate of the expected settlement amount and will be based on information about the specific claim at that time. The estimate represents an informed judgment based on general industry reserving practices, the experience and knowledge of the claims handler and practices of the claims team. If insufficient information is available, the claims handler may be unable to establish an estimate and will seek further information that will allow an informed estimate to be established. Claims reserves are also established to provide for:

- losses incurred but not reported to the insurer ('pure IBNR');
- potential changes in the adequacy of case reserves ('Incurred But Not Enough Reported' or 'IBNER'); and
- the estimated expenses of settling claims, including both:
- Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses: claims specific costs (such as legal, loss adjuster fees); and
- Unallocated Loss Adjustment Expenses: other general expenses (such as the costs of maintaining the claims handling function).

The timing of our results depends in large part on the extent to which the development and settlement of claims and reinsurance recoveries are consistent with the assumptions used to establish reserves. If expectations for and/or the actual cost of settlement increase or the timing of reporting and/or settlement changes than we face the risk that the reserves in our financial statements may be inadequate and need to be increased. In this event an increase in reserves would cause a reduction in our profitability and could result in operating losses and a reduction of capital.

Reserves  are  not  an  exact  calculation  of  liability,  but  rather  are  estimates  of  the  expected  cost  of  settling  claims.  This  process  relies  on  the assumption that past experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for projecting future claims development. The estimates are based on actuarial and statistical projections of facts and circumstances known at the time of the review, estimates of trends in claim frequency, severity and other variable factors, including new bases of liability and general economic conditions. These variables can be affected by many factors, including internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation, foreign currency movements, legal trends, legislative decisions and changes and the recognition of new sources of claims.

Potentially, claims may emerge, particularly claims arising from changes in the legal and regulatory environment, the type or magnitude of which we are unable to predict.

Reserves for inward reinsurance may be  subject to  greater  uncertainty  than  for  insurance  primarily  because,  as  a  reinsurer,  we  rely  on  (i) the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies and (ii) information and data provided by the ceding companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that our ceding companies may not have adequately evaluated the risks reinsured by us and the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the risks we assume. In addition, reinsurance reserves may be less reliable than insurance reserves because of the greater scope of losses underlying reinsurance claims, limitations in the information provided and the generally longer lapse of time from the occurrence of the event to the reporting of the loss to the reinsurer and its settlement.

The estimation of adequate reserves is more difficult and thus more uncertain for claims arising from 'long-tail' policies, under which claims may not be paid until substantially beyond the end of the policy term. The estimation of such liabilities is subject to many complex variables, including the current legal environment, specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims, assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim frequency and severity, issues of coverage and the ability to locate defendants. Additional uncertainty also arises from the relative lack of development history,  which  limits  the  scope  of  experience  on  which  estimates  are  based.  This  is  partially  mitigated  by  the  use  of  and  monitoring  against  market benchmarks.

While every effort is made to ensure we are reserved appropriately, changes in trends and other factors underlying our reserve estimates could result in our reserves being inadequate. Because setting reserves is inherently uncertain we cannot provide assurance that our current reserves will prove adequate considering subsequent events. If our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we will be required to increase our reserves at the time with a corresponding reduction in our net income for that period. Such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on our results and our financial condition.

## There is a degree of uncertainty and a high-risk environment for investment and business activities in certain countries in which we operate.

Some of the countries in which we operate or may operate in the future are in various stages of developing institutions and legal and regulatory systems that are not yet as firmly established as they are in Western Europe and the U.S. Some of these countries are also in the process of transitioning to a market economy and, as a result, are experiencing changes in their economies and their government policies (including, without limitation, policies relating to foreign ownership, repatriation of profits, property and contractual rights and planning and permit-granting regimes) that may affect our investments in these countries and may expose us to the impact of political or economic upheaval, and we could be subject to unforeseen administrative or fiscal burdens.

The procedural safeguards of the legal and regulatory regimes in these countries are still developing and, therefore, existing laws and regulations may be applied inconsistently. Often, fundamental contract, property and corporate laws and regulatory regimes have only recently become effective, which may  result  in  ambiguities,  inconsistencies  and  anomalies  in  their  interpretation  and  enforcement.  In  addition,  legislation  may  often  contemplate implementing regulations that have not yet been promulgated, leaving substantial gaps in the regulatory infrastructure. All of these weaknesses could affect our ability to enforce contractual rights or to defend ourselves against claims by others. Moreover, in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to obtain the legal remedies provided under current laws and regulations in a timely manner, or at all. The independence of the judicial systems and their immunity from economic, political and nationalistic influences in many of the countries in which we operate or may operate in the future remain largely untested. Instability and uncertainties relating to the legal and regulatory environment in these countries or other countries in which we may operate in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We are subject to various laws, regulations and rules relating to sanctions, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations.

We recognize  the  US,  the  EU,  the  UK  and  the  UN  sanctions  authorities  (including,  but  not  limited  to  the  Office  of  Foreign  Assets  Control ('OFAC') and UK's HM Treasury) as our primary sanction authorities, insofar as the sanctions relate to any business being considered by us. Over the past 5 years, we received de minimis revenues relating to risks in Sudan, Cuba, Syria, Iran and North Korea. Our business in these countries has been compliant with the applicable sanction programs. While we have complied fully with all applicable sanctions laws and regulations and have policies and procedures in place designed to ensure that we do not insure any activity that breaches applicable international sanctions, there remains the risk of an inadvertent breach which may result in lengthy and costly investigations followed by the imposition of fines or other penalties, any of which might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our business has been affected by the imposition of sanctions in regions that previously were important markets for us. To the extent that sanctions are imposed on any of our key markets, our business will be negatively impacted.

On  February  24, 2022  the  Russian  Federation  launched  a  full-scale  military  invasion  into  Ukraine.  This  has  led  to  significant  economic  and humanitarian consequences for both countries and, among other things, has had a significant impact on the availability of energy and on global energy and commodities prices. As a result of the invasion, the US, UK and EU imposed wide-ranging sanctions on Russia and individuals and entities based outside of Russia that are connected to sanctions evasion, including those related to arms trafficking and illicit finance. Although we seek to ensure that all business with Russian exposure is compliant with the relevant sanction regime and our compliance team has managed the Russian exposure of our business and conducted the required asset freeze and/or termination of some of our business as per the applicable sanctions regime, the long-term impact of the invasion and sanctions continues to be unknown as the situation develops and our exposure levels may adversely affect our business. We continue to monitor the situation alongside potential exposure to IGI's balance sheet and the imposition of further sanctions.

## We are subject to various anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, regulations and rules, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations.

Our activities are subject to applicable money laundering regulations and anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions where we operate, including Bermuda, the United States, the UK and the EU, among others. For example, we are subject to the Bribery Act 2016 of Bermuda, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and the UK Bribery Act 2010, which, among other matters, generally prohibit corrupt payments or unreasonable gifts to foreign governments or officials. We do business, and may continue to do business in the future, in countries and regions where governmental corruption has been known to exist, and where we may face, directly or indirectly, corrupt demands by officials, or the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees, consultants, sponsors or agents. Although we have in place systems and controls designed to comply with applicable laws and regulations (including continuing education and training programs), there is a risk that those systems and controls will not always be effective to achieve full compliance, as those laws and regulations are interpreted by the relevant authorities. Failure to accurately interpret or comply with or obtain appropriate authorizations and/or exemptions under such laws or regulations could subject us to investigations, criminal sanctions or civil remedies, including fines, injunctions,  loss  of  an  operating  license,  reputational  consequences,  and  other  sanctions,  all  of  which  could  damage  our  business  or  reputation.  Such damage could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We rely on brokers to source our business and our business may suffer should our relationship with brokers deteriorate.

We market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide through insurance and reinsurance brokers. Brokers are independent of the insurers they deal with. Our top 5 international brokers produced 59% of the gross written premiums of our underwriting operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 61% for the year ended December 31, 2022. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Due to the concentration of our brokers, our brokers may have increasing power to dictate the terms and conditions of our arrangements with them, which could have a negative impact on our business.

Maintaining good relationships with the brokers from whom we source the policies we underwrite is integral to our positive financial performance. Events could occur which may damage the relationship between us and a particular broker or broker group, which may result in that broker or broker group being unwilling to do business with us. The failure, inability or unwillingness of brokers to do business with us could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.

Some of our competitors have higher financial strength ratings, offer a larger variety of products, set lower prices for insurance coverage, offer higher commissions and/or have had longer term relationships with the brokers we use than we do. This may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain brokers to sell our insurance products or brokers may increasingly promote products offered by other companies. The failure or inability of brokers to market our insurance products successfully, or the loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by these brokers, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We could be materially adversely affected to the extent that managing general agents, general agents and other producers exceed their underwriting authority or if our agents, our insureds or other third parties commit fraud or otherwise breach obligations owed to us.

For  certain  business  conducted  by  us,  following  our  underwriting,  financial,  claims  and  information  technology  due  diligence  reviews,  we authorize  managing  general  agents,  retail  and  wholesale  brokers  and  other  producers  to  write  business  on  our  behalf  within  underwriting  authority prescribed by us. We rely on the underwriting controls of these agents to write business within the underwriting authorities provided by us. Although we have contractual protections in place in all instances and we monitor such business on an ongoing basis, our monitoring efforts may not be adequate or our agents may exceed their underwriting authority, commit fraud, or otherwise breach obligations owed to us. To the extent that our agents, our insureds or other third parties exceed their underwriting authority, commit fraud or otherwise breach obligations owed to us in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

We have a strong delegated authority risk management process established by the IGI UK board of directors and directly managed via quarterly meetings of its delegated authority committee which is attended by certain of our executive directors. In particular, we carry out detailed due diligence on all new agents with regular reviews upon renewal, put in place strong contracts, conduct regular audits and monitor monthly reports from agents. All agents are required to carry errors and omissions insurance which would respond in the event that these agents breach their delegated authority. However, there can be no assurance that the safeguards we implemented will be sufficient to fully protect us from losses resulting from violations of our policies and procedures.

## We may be exposed to a series of claims for  large  losses  in  relation  to  uncorrelated  events  that  occur  at,  or  around,  the  same  time,  which  in  the aggregate may result in a material adverse effect on our operations.

We may be exposed to a series of claims for large losses in relation to uncorrelated and otherwise unrelated events which occur at, or around, the same time. Some of the more significant examples of large, uncorrelated events are terrorist attacks, fires, explosions or spills at a refinery, the collapse of a major office building, a series of simultaneous cyber-attacks, the collision of two ships, an explosion in a port and the loss of an airplane.

These risks are inherently unpredictable. It is difficult to predict the frequency of events of this nature and to estimate the amount of loss that any given occurrence will generate. Some of these large losses may also have the potential for exposure across multiple lines of business. While no such claims may be material to us, in the aggregate they could require us to recognize significant losses in a single reporting period, which could have a material adverse effect on our capital position, results of operations and financial condition in that particular reporting period. It is also possible that such losses could exceed the reinstatement capacity of our reinsurance coverage, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

## The availability of reinsurance, retrocessional coverage, and capital market transactions to limit our exposure to risks may be limited which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

As is common practice within the insurance industry, we transfer a portion of the risks insured under our policies to other companies through the purchase of reinsurance. This reinsurance is maintained to protect the insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries against the severity of losses on individual claims,  an  unusual  series  of  which  can  produce  an  aggregate  extraordinary  loss.  Although  reinsurance  does  not  discharge  our  subsidiaries  from  their primary obligation to pay for losses insured under the policies they issue, reinsurance does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurance subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk.

Our reinsurance program uses various methods, such as proportional, non-proportional and facultative reinsurance, to mitigate risks across our underwriting portfolio, in return for which we cede to third party reinsurers a certain percentage of our GWP in any given year. That percentage was 30% for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021  and  32%  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2022.  The  program  is  finite  and  absolute  in  the  protection  offered, meaning that events outside of its scope would not be covered, and does not offer unlimited protection against highly extreme but improbable events.

Our  reinsurance  programs  are  usually  purchased  annually,  with  different  programs  expiring  throughout  the  year.  The  amount  of  coverage purchased is determined by our risk appetite and underlying exposure base together with the price, quality and availability of such coverage. Coverage purchased for one year will not necessarily conform to purchases for another year, which may result in variation as to the extent of the coverage year-onyear, even though some policies we issue are multi-year policies. In addition, reinsurance cessation and commencement terms, timing and cost could leave us  with  an  exposure  where  intended  reinsurance  protection  is  either  omitted  or  only  partially  effective.  One  or  more  of  our  reinsurers  could  become insolvent, which could cause a portion of our reinsurance protection to become ineffective. In addition, reinsurers may not always honor their commitments or  we  may  have  disagreements  with  reinsurers  with  respect  to  the  extent  of  their  obligations,  which  could  result  in  our  having  greater  exposure  than anticipated. A failure by reinsurers to cover their portion of our liabilities, and/or disputes with reinsurers over the extent or applicability of their obligations to us, could depending on the amounts involved have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business.

The availability and cost of reinsurance protection is subject to market conditions, which are beyond our control. Economic conditions could have a material impact on our ability to manage our risk aggregations through reinsurance or capital markets transactions. As a result of such market conditions and other factors, we may not be able to successfully mitigate risk through reinsurance and retrocessional arrangements. There is no guarantee that our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. In addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business.

If  the  reinsurance  industry  were  to  suffer  future  substantial  losses,  the  effect  could  be  to  limit  the  availability  of  appropriate  or  acceptable reinsurance coverage for us, which in the event of losses in our risk portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We may be faced with a liquidity shortfall following a large loss or a series of large losses due to the settlement of claims prior to the receipt of monies due under outwards reinsurance arrangements.

As  with  all  insurance  companies,  we  use  our  liquidity  to  fund  our  insurance  and  reinsurance  obligations,  which  may  include  large  and unpredictable claims (including catastrophe claims). While we seek to manage carefully our exposure to catastrophe risk and while we have a liquidity policy which seeks to ensure sufficient liquidity to withstand claim scenarios at the extreme end of the business plan projections by reference to actual losses  in  relation  to  catastrophe  events  may  differ  materially  from  the  losses  that  we  estimate,  given  the  significant  uncertainties  with  respect  to  the estimates and the unpredictable nature of catastrophes. In such scenarios, we may be faced with a shortfall where we are required to settle claims arising under insurance contracts or where we are required to increase the amount of resources required to be held. In such scenarios, we may be required to (a) liquidate investments (including some of our less liquid investments), which may be constrained as a consequence of macroeconomic conditions beyond our control or (b) delay or vary the implementation of our strategic plans so as to maintain appropriate  liquidity. Any  of  the foregoing may affect the amount of business that we can write, as well as our revenue and profitability.

## If our risk management and loss mitigation methods fail to adequately manage our exposure to losses, the losses we incur could be materially higher than our expectations and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

We historically  have  sought  and  will  continue  to  seek  to  manage  our  exposure  to  insurance  and  reinsurance  losses  through  a  number  of  loss limitation  methods,  including  internal  risk  management  procedures,  writing  a  number  of  our  inwards  reinsurance  contracts  on  an  excess  of  loss  basis, enforcement and oversight of our underwriting processes, outwards reinsurance protection, adhering to maximum limitations on policies whether written on a  proportional,  first  loss,  Excess  of  Loss  (XOL)  or  Possible  Maximum  Loss  (PML)  Maximum  Foreseeable  Loss  (MFL)  basis,  written  in  defined geographical  zones,  limiting  program  size  for  each  client,  establishing  per  risk  and  per  occurrence  limitations  for  each  event,  employing  coverage restrictions and following prudent underwriting guidelines for each program written.

We  also  seek  to  limit  our  loss  exposure  through  geographic  diversification.  Geographic  zone  limitations  involve  significant  underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits. In addition, various provisions  contained  in  our  insurance  policies  and  reinsurance  contracts,  such  as  limitations  or  exclusions  from  coverage  or  choice  of  forum  clauses negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend, as it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or void an exclusion or limitation, or legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of these exclusions and limitations. We cannot be sure that these loss limitation methods will effectively prevent a material loss exposure which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Underwriting is a matter of judgment, involving assumptions about matters that are inherently unpredictable and beyond our control, and for which historical  experience  and  probability  analysis  may  not  provide  sufficient  guidance.  We  have  made  significant  investments  through  vendor  models  to develop analytic and modeling capabilities to facilitate our underwriting, risk management, capital modeling and allocation, and risk assessments relating to the risks we assume. These models and other tools help us to manage our risks, understand our capital utilization and risk aggregation, inform management and other stakeholders of capital requirements and seek to improve the risk/return profile or optimize the efficiency of the amount of capital we apply to cover the risks in the individual contracts we sell and in our portfolio as a whole. However, given the inherent uncertainty of modeling techniques and the application of such techniques, the possibility of human or systems error, the challenges inherent in consistent application of complex methodologies in a fluid business environment and other factors, our models, tools and databases may not accurately address the risks we currently cover or the emergence of new matters which might be deemed to impact certain of our coverages.

Many of our methods of managing risk and exposures are based upon observed historical market behavior and statistic-based historical models. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures indicate. These uncertainties can include, but are not limited to, the following:

- The models do not address all the possible hazard characteristics of a catastrophe peril (e.g., the precise path and wind speed of a hurricane);
- The models may not accurately reflect the true frequency of events;
- The models may not accurately reflect a risk's vulnerability or susceptibility to damage for a given event characteristic;
- The models may not accurately represent loss potential to reinsurance contract coverage limits, terms and conditions; and
- The models may not accurately reflect the impact on the economy of the area affected or the financial, judicial, political, or regulatory impact on insurance claim payments during or following a catastrophe event.

Accordingly, our models may understate the exposures we are assuming. Conversely, our models may prove too conservative and contribute to factors  which  may impede our ability to grow in respect of new markets or perils or in connection with our current portfolio of coverages or the loss environment otherwise may prove more benign than our capital loading for catastrophes or other modeled losses. In such case of excess capital, we may make  a  judgment  about  redeploying  the  capital  in  lines  of  businesses  or  pursuing  other  capital  management  activities,  such  as  dividends  or  share repurchases,  which  judgment  may  also  depend  on  modeling  techniques  and  results.  If  capital  models  prove  inadequate,  our  result  of  operations  and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted.

Other  risk  management  methods  depend  on  the  evaluation  of  information  regarding  markets,  policyholders  or  other  matters  that  are  publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. This information may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. For example, much of the information that we enter into our risk modelling software is based on third party data that we do not control, and estimates and assumptions that are dependent on many variables, such as assumptions about loss adjustment expenses, insurance-to-value and post-event loss amplification (the temporary local inflation of costs for building materials and labor resulting from increased demand for rebuilding services in the aftermath of a catastrophe).

Accordingly,  if  the  estimates  and  assumptions  that  we  enter  into  our  risk  models  are  incorrect,  or  if  such  models  prove  to  be  an  inaccurate forecasting tool, the losses we might incur from an actual catastrophe could be materially higher than our expectation of losses generated from modelled catastrophe scenarios, and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We also seek to manage our loss exposure through loss limitation provisions in the policies we issue to customers, such as limitations on the amount of losses that can be claimed under a policy, limitations or exclusions from coverage and provisions relating to choice of forum. These contractual provisions may not be enforceable in the manner that we expect or disputes relating to coverage may not be resolved in our favor. If the loss limitation provisions in our policies are not enforceable or disputes arise concerning the application of such provisions, the losses we might incur from a catastrophic event could be materially higher than our expectations and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In relation to catastrophe risk, we monitor and control the accumulation of risk for a large number of realistic disaster scenario events. There are specific scenarios for natural, man-made and economic disasters, and for different business lines. The assumptions made in such scenarios may not be an accurate guide to actual losses that ultimately are incurred in respect of a particular catastrophe.

No assurances can be made that these loss limitation methods will be effective and mitigate our loss exposure. One or more catastrophic events, other loss events, or severe economic events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, or the protections set forth in our policies could be voided, which, in either case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, possibly to the extent of reducing or eliminating shareholders' equity.

## A significant amount of our assets are invested in fixed maturity securities and are subject to market fluctuations.

Our investment portfolio includes a substantial amount of fixed maturity securities. As of December 31, 2022, our investment in fixed maturity securities was approximately $491.1 million, or 49.6% of our total investment and cash portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents. As of that date, our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consisted of corporate securities (98.5%) and government securities (1.5%).

The fair value of these assets and the investment income from these assets fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. The fair value of fixed maturity securities generally decreases as interest rates rise. If significant further inflation or further increases in interest rates were to occur, the fair value of our fixed maturity securities would be negatively impacted. Conversely, if interest rates decline, investment income earned from future investments in fixed maturity securities will be lower. Some fixed maturity securities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, also carry prepayment risk as a result of interest rate fluctuations. Additionally, in a low interest rate environment, we may not be able to successfully reinvest the proceeds from maturing securities at yields commensurate with our target performance goals.

The value of investments in fixed maturity securities is subject to impairment as a result of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the issuer, default by the issuer (including states and municipalities) in the performance of its obligations in respect of the securities and/or increases in market interest rates. To a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face a greater risk in an economic downturn or recession. During periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities, particularly if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were acquired in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. In such cases, more securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment.

Although we attempt to manage these risks through the use of investment guidelines and other oversight mechanisms and by diversifying our portfolio and emphasizing preservation of principal, our efforts may not be successful. Impairments, defaults and/or rate increases could reduce our net investment income and net realized investment gains or result in investment losses. Investment returns are currently, and will likely continue to remain, under pressure due to continued inflation, actions by the Federal Reserve, economic uncertainty, more generally, and the shape of the yield curve. As a result, our exposure to the risks described above could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

## Losses on our investments may reduce our overall capital and profitability.

Our invested assets include a substantial amount of interest rate and credit sensitive instruments such as corporate debt securities. Fluctuations in interest rates may affect our future returns on such investments, as well as the market values of, and corresponding levels of capital gains or losses on, such investments.  Interest  rates  are  highly  sensitive  to  many  factors,  including  governmental  monetary  policies,  domestic  and  international  economic  and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. A decline in interest rates improves the market value of existing instruments but reduces returns available  on  new  investments,  thereby  negatively  impacting  our  future  investment  returns.  Conversely,  rising  interest  rates  reduce  the  market  value  of existing investments but should positively impact our future investment returns. During periods of declining market interest rates, we could be forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding instruments. Issuers of fixed income securities could also decide to redeem such securities early in order to borrow at lower market rates, which would increase the percentage of our investment portfolio that we would have to reinvest in lower-yielding investments of comparable credit quality or in lower credit quality investments offering similar yields. Given current low interest rate levels, in the future we are likely to be subject to the effects of potentially increasing rates. Although we attempt to manage the risks  of  investing  in  a  changing  interest  rate  environment,  we  might  not  be  able  to  mitigate  interest  rate  sensitivity  completely,  and  a  significant  or prolonged increase or decrease in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

We are exposed to counterparty risk in relation to our investments, including holdings of debt instruments to which we are a party. In particular, our business could suffer significant losses due to defaults on corporate bonds and ratings downgrades.

Furthermore, as a result of holding debt securities, we are exposed to changes in credit spreads. Widening credit spreads could result in a reduction in the value of fixed income securities that we hold but increase investment income related to purchases of new fixed income securities, whereas tightening of credit spreads will generally increase the value of fixed income securities at higher yields that we hold but decrease investment income generated through purchases of any new fixed income securities.

We also hold equity securities. Equity investments are subject to volatility in prices based on market movements, which can impact the gains that can  be  achieved.  We  periodically  adjust  the  accounting  book  values  of  our  investment  portfolio  ('mark-to-market')  which  could  result  in  increased volatility and uncertainty surrounding reported profits and net asset values at any point in time.

We  also  invest  to  a  limited  extent  in  real  estate  in  Jordan  and  Lebanon.  Real  estate  is  subject  to  price  volatility  as  a  result  of  interest  rate movements and general market conditions, which can impact the value of the real estate portfolio and the rent chargeable to tenants.

Moreover, a major loss, series of losses or reduction in premium income could result in a sustained cash outflow requiring early realization, which may involve selling a portion of our investments into a depressed market, which could decrease our returns from investments and strain our capital position.

Furthermore, challenging market conditions are likely to make our assets less liquid, particularly affecting those assets which are by their nature already inherently less liquid. If, in such conditions, we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash requirements (for example, to meet higher-than-anticipated claims) or are required to post or return collateral in connection with certain of our reinsurance contracts, credit agreements or invested portfolio, we may have difficulty selling any of our less liquid investments in a timely manner, or may be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize if sold in other circumstances.

Market volatility, changes in interest rates, changes in credit spreads and defaults, a lack of pricing transparency, market illiquidity, declines in equity prices, and foreign currency movements, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition through realized losses,  impairments  or changes in unrealized positions. Although we  attempt to protect our  investment  portfolio against  the foregoing risks, we cannot ensure that such measures will be effective. In addition, a decrease in the value of our investments may result in a reduction in overall capital, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.

## Our results of operations, liabilities and investment portfolio may be materially affected by conditions affecting the level of interest rates in the global capital markets and major economies, such as central bank policies on interest rates and the rate of inflation.

As a global insurance and reinsurance company, we are affected by the monetary policies of the Bank of England, the European Central Bank, the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal System and other central banks around the world. Since the financial crisis of 2007 and 2008, these central banks have taken a number of actions to spur economic activity, such as keeping target interest rates low and supporting the prices of financial assets through 'quantitative easing'. Unconventional monetary policy from the major central banks, and reversal of such policies, and moderate global economic growth remain key uncertainties for markets and our business.

Our  exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  relates  primarily  to  the  market  price  and  yield  variability  of  outstanding  fixed  income  instruments  that  are associated with changes in prevailing interest rates. Our investment portfolio contains interest rate-sensitive instruments, such as fixed income securities which have been, and will likely continue to be, affected by variations in the level of interest rates, whether due to changes in central bank monetary policies, domestic and international fiscal policies as well as more general economic and political conditions, resulting levels of inflation and other factors beyond our control.

Interest rates are highly sensitive to the foregoing factors. For example, inflation could lead to higher interest rates and falling fixed income prices, causing the current unrealized loss position in our fixed income portfolio to increase. As a result of the interest rate environment, we have diversified our investment portfolio by investing in a real estate fund and in emerging market debt to enhance the returns on our investment portfolio. However, these assets are riskier in nature, with potentially greater volatility based upon changes in economic factors.

Steps that may be taken by central banks to raise interest rates in the future in order to combat inflation could, in turn, lead to an increase in our loss costs. Changes in the level of inflation also could result in an increased level of uncertainty in our estimation of loss reserves for our specialty long-tail segment lines of business. As a result of the above factors, our business, financial condition, liquidity or operating results could be adversely affected.

## The determination of the amount of expected credit losses (ECL) and impairments taken on our investments and intangible assets, respectively, involves the estimation of uncertainties which, if they turn out to be incorrect, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We perform an ECL assessment for our investments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECL for an investment contract is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the investment contract and all the cash flows that we expect to receive with respect to  such  contract,  discounted  at  an  approximation  of  the  original  effective  interest  rate.  The  assessment  of  ECL  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  underlying circumstances, the applicable interest rate environment and the existing economic conditions outlook. Assessing the accuracy of the level of ECL recorded in our financial statements is inherently uncertain given the subjective nature of the process which may result in additional ECL being taken in the future with respect to events that may impact specific investments.

Intangible assets are originally recorded at cost. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if indicators are present  and  assessments  are  revised  as  conditions  change  and  new  information  becomes  available.  Management  updates  its  evaluations  regularly  and reflects  impairments  in  operations  as  such  evaluations  are  revised.  Intangible  asset  impairment  charges  can  result  from  declines  in  operating  results, divestitures or sustained market capitalization declines and other factors. Impairment charges could materially affect our financial results in the period in which  they  are  recognized.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  our  management  has  accurately  assessed  the  level  of  impairments  taken  in  our  financial statements. Furthermore, management may determine that impairments are needed in future periods and any such impairment will be recorded in the period in which it occurs, which could materially impact our financial position or results of operations. While historically our other-than-temporary impairments have not been material, historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. As of December 31, 2022, intangible assets represented approximately 0.8% of shareholders' equity. We continue to monitor relevant internal and external factors and their potential impact on the fair value of our reportable segments, and if required, we will update our impairment analysis.

## We cannot guarantee that our reinsurers will pay in a timely fashion, if at all, and, as a result, we could experience losses.

We purchase reinsurance by transferring part of the risk that we have assumed, known as ceding, to a reinsurance company in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with the risk. Although reinsurance makes the reinsurer contractually liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us, the reinsured, of our liability to our policyholders. Our reinsurers may not pay the recoverable reinsurance that they owe to us or they may not pay such recoverables on a timely basis. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, and if our reinsurers fail to pay us, our financial results would be adversely affected. Underwriting results and investment returns of some of our reinsurers may affect their future ability to pay claims. In addition, from time to time we engage in disputes with reinsurers regarding their contractual obligations, which may involve arbitration or litigation and could involve amounts that are material. As of December 31, 2022, the amount owed to us from our reinsurers for paid claims was approximately $12.9 million and the portion of our case reserves due from reinsurers was approximately $102.0 million. A failure by reinsurers to cover their portion of our liabilities, and/or disputes with reinsurers over the extent or applicability of their obligations to us, could depending on the amounts involved have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business.

## Our operating subsidiaries are rated and a decline in any of these ratings could adversely affect our standing among brokers and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease.

Ratings have become an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. Rating agencies represent independent opinions of the financial strength of insurers and reinsurers and their ability to meet policyholder obligations. We currently hold financial strength ratings assigned by third party rating agencies which assess and rate the claims paying ability and financial strength of insurers and reinsurers. The ratings of our operating subsidiaries are subject to periodic review by, and may be placed on credit watch, revised downward or revoked at the sole discretion of A.M. Best Inc. or S&amp;P Global Ratings. We currently hold a stable outlook rating of 'A (Excellent)' from A.M. Best Inc. and a stable outlook rating of 'A-' from S&amp;P.

If the ratings of our operating subsidiaries are reduced from their current levels by A.M. Best Inc. or S&amp;P Global Ratings, our competitive position in the insurance industry might suffer and it might be more difficult for us to market our products, expand our insurance and reinsurance portfolio and renew our existing insurance and reinsurance policies and agreements. A downgrade may also require us to establish trusts or post letters of credit for ceding company clients and could trigger provisions allowing some clients to terminate their insurance and reinsurance contracts with us. Some contracts also provide for the return of the premium for the unexpired periods to the ceding client in the event of a rating downgrade. It is increasingly common for our reinsurance contracts to contain such terms. A significant downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as ceding companies and brokers that place such business move to other reinsurers with higher claims-paying and financial strength ratings and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

A.M. Best and S&amp;P Global Ratings periodically review our ratings and may revise them downward or revoke them at their sole discretion based primarily on their analysis of our balance sheet strength (including capital adequacy and claims and claim adjustment expense reserve adequacy), operating performance and business profile. Factors that could affect such an analysis include but are not limited to:

- if we change our business practices from our organizational business plan in a manner that no longer supports our ratings;
- if unfavorable financial, regulatory or market trends affect us, including excess market capacity;
- if our losses exceed our loss reserves;
- if we have unresolved issues with government regulators;

- if we are unable to retain our senior management or other key personnel;
- if a rating agency has concerns with the quality of our risk management;
- if our investment portfolio incurs significant losses; or
- if the rating agencies alter their capital adequacy assessment methodology in a manner that would adversely affect our ratings.

These and other factors could result in a downgrade of our ratings. A downgrade of our ratings could cause our current and future brokers and agents, retail brokers and insureds to choose other, more highly-rated competitors. A downgrade of our ratings could also increase the cost or reduce the availability  of  reinsurance  to  us,  increase  collateral  required  for  our  assumed  reinsurance  business,  or  trigger  termination  of  assumed  and/or  ceded reinsurance contracts. A downgrade could also adversely limit our access to the capital markets, which may increase the cost of debt.

In addition, in view of the earnings and capital pressures recently experienced by many financial institutions, including insurance companies, it is possible that rating organizations will heighten the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions, will increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, will request additional information from the companies that they rate and may increase the capital and other requirements employed in the rating organizations' models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. It is possible that such reviews of the Company may result in adverse ratings consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. A downgrade or withdrawal of any rating could severely limit or prevent us from writing new and renewal insurance or reinsurance contracts.

## The risk associated with underwriting treaty reinsurance business could adversely affect us.

Like  other  reinsurers,  our  reinsurance  group  does  not  separately  evaluate  each  of  the  individual  risks  assumed  under  reinsurance  treaties. Therefore, we are largely dependent on the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies. We are subject to the risk that the ceding companies may not have adequately evaluated the risks to be reinsured and that the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the risks we assume.

Consistent with market practice, much of our treaty reinsurance business allows the ceding company to terminate the contract below a certain threshold. Whether a cedent would exercise any of these rights could depend on various factors, such as the reason for and extent of such downgrade, the prevailing market conditions and the pricing and availability of replacement reinsurance coverage. We cannot predict to what extent these contractual rights would be exercised, if at all, or what effect this would have on our financial condition or future operations, but the effect could be material.

## A failure in or damage to our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. In particular, we rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems and systems operated by third parties on behalf of the London insurance market, including technology centers, to process a high volume of transactions. As our client base and geographical reach expands, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure requires continuing investment. Our financial, accounting, data processing and other operating systems  and  facilities  may  fail  to  operate  properly  or  become  disabled  as  a  result  of  events  that  are  wholly  or  partially  beyond  our  control,  adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services.

In addition, our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We rely on these systems for critical elements of our business processes, including, for example, entry and retrieval of individual risk details, premium and claims processing, monitoring aggregate exposures and financial and regulatory reporting. Although we take industry standard protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact.

We routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. We have discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of our clients, counterparties and other third parties and we may not be able to ensure that these third  parties  have  appropriate  controls  in  place  to  protect  the  confidentiality  of  the  information.  An  interception,  misuse  or  mishandling  of  personal, confidential  or  proprietary  information  being  sent  to  or  received  from  a  client,  counterparty  or  other  third  party  could  result  in  legal  liability  and/or regulatory action (including, without limitation, under data protection and privacy laws and standards) and reputational harm.

If  one  or  more  of  such  events  occur,  this  potentially  could  jeopardize  our  or  our  clients'  or  counterparties'  confidential  and other  information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients', our counterparties'  or  third  parties'  operations,  which  could  result  in  significant  losses  or  reputational  damage.  We  may  be  required  to  expend  significant additional  resources  to  modify  our  protective  measures  or  to  investigate  and  remediate  vulnerabilities  or  other  exposures,  and  we  may  be  subject  to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Any expansion of existing or new laws and regulations regarding data protection could further increase our liability should protected data be mishandled or misused.

While we have developed and implemented disaster recovery systems which we believe are sufficient for our business needs, it is always possible that  we  could  suffer  data  losses  for  numerous  reasons  and  we  could  potentially  be  affected  by  acts  of  terrorism  or  nuclear,  chemical,  biological  or radiological exposure. Such exposures may be uninsurable and, were they to occur on our premises or those of third parties with or through which we conduct our business, they could prevent us from carrying on that business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We have outsourced certain technology and business process functions to third parties and may continue to do so in the future. Our outsourcing of certain  technology  and  business  process  functions  to  third  parties  may  expose  us  to  increased  risk  related  to  data  security,  service  disruptions  or  the effectiveness of our control system, which could result in monetary and reputational damage or harm to our competitive position. These risks could grow as vendors increasingly offer cloud-based software services rather than software services which can be run within our data centers.

Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## We could be adversely affected  by the  loss  of  one  or  more  key  employees  or  by  an  inability  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  personnel,  which  could negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations, or ability to realize our strategic business plan.

Our success has depended and will continue to depend on the continued services and continuing contributions of our underwriters, management and  other  key  personnel  and  our  ability  to  continue  to  attract,  motivate  and  retain  the  services  of  qualified  personnel.  While  we  have  entered  into employment contracts or letters  of  appointment  with  such  key  personnel,  the  retention  of  their  services  cannot  be  guaranteed.  We  may  also  encounter unforeseen  difficulties  associated  with  the  transition  of  members  of  our  senior  management  team  to  new  or  expanded  roles  necessary  to  execute  our strategic and tactical plans from time to time.

The pool of talent from which we actively recruit is limited. Although, to date, we have not experienced difficulties in attracting and retaining key personnel, the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our underwriting staff is critical to  our success in the production  of business. While we do not consider any of our key executive officers or underwriters to be irreplaceable, the loss of the services of key executive officers or underwriters or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could delay or prevent us from fully implementing our business strategy which could affect our financial performance.

Special considerations apply to our Bermuda operations. Under Bermuda law, non-Bermudians, other than spouses of Bermudians and individuals holding permanent or working resident certificates, are not permitted to engage in any gainful occupation in Bermuda without a work permit issued by the Bermuda Government. A work permit is only granted or extended if the employer can show that, after a proper public advertisement, no Bermudian, spouse of a Bermudian or individual holding a permanent or working resident certificate, who meets the minimum standards reasonably required for the position, is available. The Bermuda Government places a six-year term limit on individuals with work permits, subject to specified exemptions for persons deemed to be key employees of businesses with a significant physical presence in Bermuda. No assurances can be given that any work permit will be issued or, if issued, renewed upon the expiration of the relevant term.

Offices in other jurisdictions, such as Dubai, may have residency and other mandatory requirements that affect the composition of our local boards of directors, executive teams and choice of third party service providers. Due to the competition for available talent in such jurisdictions, we may not be able to attract and retain personnel as required by our business plans, which could disrupt operations and adversely affect our financial performance.

Our success will depend in part upon our continuing ability to recruit and retain employees of suitable skill and experience, and we may find that we are not able to recruit sufficient or qualified staff, or that the individuals that we would like to recruit will not be able to obtain the necessary work permits if required or that we will not be able to retain such staff. The loss of the services of one, or some of, the underwriters, management or other key personnel or the inability to recruit and retain staff of suitable quality could adversely affect our ability to continue to conduct our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We enter into various contractual arrangements with third parties generally, including brokers, with respect to insurance, reinsurance and financing arrangements; any deterioration in the creditworthiness of, defaults by, commingling of funds by, or reputational issues related to, counterparties or other third parties with whom we transact business could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

We are exposed to credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. For example, our policyholders, independent agents or brokers may not pay a part of or the full amount of premiums owed to us, and our brokers or other third party claim administrators may not deliver amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts for which we have provided funds. If the counterparties or other third parties with whom we transact business default or fail to meet their payment obligations, it could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If the counterparties or other third parties with whom we transact business experience reputational issues, they may in turn cause other counterparties, third parties or customers to question our reputation in respect of choosing to enter into contractual arrangements with such counterparties.

As credit risk is generally a function of the economy, we face a greater credit risk in an economic downturn. While we attempt to manage credit risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. For example, to reduce such credit risk, we may require certain third parties to post collateral for some or all of their obligations to us. In cases where we receive pledged securities and the applicable counterparty is unable to honor its obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed as a result of bankruptcy. In cases where we receive letters of credit from banks as collateral and one of our counterparties is unable to honor its obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of credit. During 2022, no third parties were required to post collateral for our benefit.

Brokers present a credit risk to us. We will pay amounts owed on valid claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts to brokers, and these brokers, in turn, will pay these amounts over to the clients making the claim under the policy underwritten by us. If a broker fails to make such a payment, it is  possible  that  we  will  be  liable  to  the  client  for  the  deficiency  in  a  particular  jurisdiction  because  of  local  laws  or  contractual  obligations  under  the applicable Terms of Business Agreement in place and settlement terms and conditions as set out in the relevant contract. Likewise, in certain jurisdictions, when the insured or ceding insurer pays premiums for these policies to brokers for payment over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid  and  the  insured  or  ceding  insurer  will  no  longer  be  liable  to  us  for  those  amounts  only  where  the  broker  was  appointed  as  our  agent  under  the applicable Terms of Business Agreement in place and underlined terms and conditions as set out in the relevant contract, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker, while leaving us at risk in respect of the underlying policy. These risks are heightened during periods characterized by financial market instability and/or an economic downturn or recession. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with our brokers. We have experienced some losses related to this credit risk in the past.

In addition, brokers generally are entitled to commingle payments made by, or owing to, us, with their other client monies. These commingled funds owing to us could then be claimed by other creditors or otherwise disposed of, which could prevent us from recovering the amount due. However, the majority of insurance policies have Premium Payment Warranties that enable us to cancel coverage in case of non-payment of premiums. Of the brokers with whom we transact business, as of December 31, 2022, 84.2% were located in the UK, 3.6% were located elsewhere in Europe, 11.6% were located in the  MENA region,  Africa  or  Asia,  the  majority  of  which  were  from  subsidiaries  of  UK  brokers,  and  0.6%  were  located  in  North,  South  and  Central America and Australasia.

## Our operating results may be adversely affected by the failure of policyholders, brokers or other intermediaries to honor their payment obligations.

In accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts to brokers and these brokers, in turn, pay these amounts to the clients that purchased insurance and reinsurance from us. In some jurisdictions where we write a significant amount of business, depending on whether the broker is our agent or the client's agent, if a broker fails to make such a payment it is highly likely that we will  be  liable  to  the  client  for  the  deficiency  because  of  local laws  or  contractual  obligations.  Likewise,  when  the  client  pays  premiums  for policies to brokers for payment to us, these premiums are generally considered to have been paid and, in most cases, the client will no longer be liable to us for those amounts whether or not we have actually received the premiums. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with brokers with respect to most of our (re)insurance business.

In addition, bankruptcy, liquidity problems, distressed financial conditions or the general effects of economic recession may increase the risk that policyholders may not pay a part of, or the full amount of, premiums owed to us despite an obligation to do so. While a majority of our policies include a premium payment warranty, it is possible that some policies may not permit us to cancel our insurance even if we have not received payment. If nonpayment becomes widespread, whether as a result of bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, delay due to litigation, bad faith and fraud or other events, it could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results.

## Our liquidity and counterparty risk exposures may be adversely affected by the impairment of financial institutions.

We  routinely  execute  transactions  with  counterparties  in  the  financial  services  industry,  including  brokers  and  dealers,  commercial  banks, investment banks and other institutions. We are exposed to the risk that these counterparties are unable to make payments or provide collateral to a third party when required, or that securities that we own are required to be sold at a loss in order to meet liquidity, collateral or other payment requirements. In addition, our investments in various fixed income securities issued by financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default by these issuers. With respect to derivatives transactions that require exchange of collateral, due to mark to market movements, our risk may be exacerbated in the event of default by a counterparty. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. In such an event, we may not receive the collateral due to us from the defaulted counterparty.

## We are exposed to credit risk in certain areas of our business operations.

In addition to exposure to credit risk related to our investment portfolio, and reliance on brokers and other agents, we are subject to credit risk with respect to our reinsurance because the ceding of risk to reinsurers and retrocessionaires does not relieve us of our liability to the clients or companies we insure or reinsure. Our reinsurers may not pay the reinsurance recoverables that they owe to us or they may not pay such recoverables on a timely basis. The collectability  of  reinsurance  is  subject  to  the  solvency  of  the  reinsurers,  interpretation  and  application  of  contract  language  and  other  factors.  We  are selective  in  regard  to  our  reinsurers,  placing  reinsurance  with  those  reinsurers  with  stronger  financial  strength  ratings  from  A.M. Best  or  S&amp;P  Global Ratings, a sovereign rating or a combination thereof. Despite strong ratings, the financial condition of a reinsurer may change based on market conditions. In certain instances, we may also require assets in trust, letters of credit or other acceptable collateral to support balances due. However, there is no certainty that we can collect on these collateral agreements in the event of a reinsurer's default.

Additionally, we write retrospectively rated policies (i.e., policies in which premiums are adjusted after the policy period based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period). In this instance, we are exposed to credit risk to the extent the adjusted premium is greater than the original premium. Although we have not experienced any material credit losses to date, an increased inability of our policyholders to meet their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Although we have not experienced any material credit losses to date, an inability of our reinsurers or retrocessionaires to meet their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our losses for a given event or occurrence may increase if our reinsurers or retrocessionaires dispute or fail to meet their obligations to us or the reinsurance protections purchased by us are exhausted or are otherwise unavailable for any reason. Our failure to establish adequate reinsurance arrangements or the failure of our existing reinsurance arrangements to protect us from overly concentrated risk exposure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We may be forced to retain a higher proportion of risks than we would otherwise prefer, incur additional expense, or purchase reinsurance from companies with a higher credit risk or we may underwrite fewer or smaller contracts or seek alternatives such as, for example, risk transfer to capital markets. Any of these factors could negatively impact our financial performance.

## We may not be able to raise capital in the long term on favorable terms or at all.

Each  of  our  regulated  underwriting  entities  is  required  to  meet  stipulated  regulatory  capital  requirements.  These  include  capital  requirements imposed by the UK PRA, the MFSA and the BMA.

While  the  specific  regulatory  capital  requirements  vary  between  jurisdictions,  under  applicable  regulatory  regimes,  required  capital  can  be impacted by items such as line of business mix, product type, underwriting premium volume and reserves. The regulatory capital requirements that we may have to comply with are subject to change due to factors beyond our control. In general, regulatory capital requirements are expected to evolve over time as regulators continue to respond to demands for tighter controls over financial institutions, and the expectation is that these requirements will only become more stringent.

An inability to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements in the longer term due to factors beyond our control may lead to intervention by a relevant regulator which, in the interests of customer security, may require us to take steps to restore regulatory capital to acceptable levels, potentially by requiring us to raise additional funds through financings or to reduce or cease to write new business. To the extent we are required to raise additional external funding in the longer term, macroeconomic factors could impact our ability to access the capital markets and the bank funding market and the ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to us.

To the extent that cash flows generated by our operations are insufficient to fund future operating requirements, or that our capital position is adversely impacted by a decline in the fair value of our investment portfolio, losses from catastrophic events or otherwise, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our growth. Any further equity or debt financings, or capacity needed for letters of credit, if available at all, may be on terms that are unfavorable to us. Our ability to raise such capital successfully would depend upon the facts and circumstances at the time, including our financial  position  and  operating  results,  market  conditions,  and  applicable  legal  issues.  If  we  are  unable  to  obtain  adequate  capital  when  needed,  our business,  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition  would  be  adversely  affected.  We  also  may  be  required  to  liquidate  fixed  maturities  or  equity securities, which may result in realized investment losses.

Our access to capital may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Our inability to obtain adequate capital when needed could have a negative impact on our ability to invest in, or take advantage of opportunities to expand our businesses, such as possible acquisitions or the creation of new ventures. Any of these effects could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our  future  capital  requirements  depend  on  many  factors,  including  our  ability  to  write  new  business  successfully,  deploy  capital  into  more profitable business lines, identify acquisition opportunities, manage investments and preserve capital in volatile markets, and establish premium rates and reserves  at  levels  sufficient  to  cover  losses.  Our  operations  are  subject  to  significant  volatility  in  capital  due  to  our  exposure  to  potentially  significant catastrophic events. We monitor our capital adequacy on an ongoing basis. To the extent our funds are insufficient to fund future operating requirements or cover claims losses, we may need to raise additional funds through corporate finance transactions or curtail our growth and reduce our liabilities. Any such financing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. Our ability to raise such capital successfully would depend upon the facts and circumstances at the time, including our financial position and operating results, market conditions and applicable regulatory filings and legal issues. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms, or obtain it at all, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.

## We are involved in legal and other proceedings from time to time, and we may face damage to our reputation or legal liability as a result.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  we  are  involved  in  lawsuits,  arbitrations  and  other  formal  and  informal  dispute  resolution  procedures  in  a variety of jurisdictions, the outcomes of which will determine our rights and obligations under insurance, reinsurance and other contractual agreements or under tort  laws  or  other  legal  obligations.  Any  lawsuit  brought  against  us  or  legal  proceeding  that  we  may  bring  to  enforce  our  rights  could  result  in substantial costs, divert the time and attention of our management, result in counterclaims (whether meritorious or as a litigation tactic), result in substantial monetary judgments or settlement costs and harm our reputation, any of which could seriously harm our business.

From time to time, we may institute or be named as a defendant in legal proceedings, and we may be a claimant or respondent in arbitration proceedings. These proceedings have in the past involved, and may in the future involve, coverage or other disputes with ceding companies, disputes with parties to which we transfer risk under reinsurance arrangements, disputes with other counterparties or other matters. We are also involved, from time to time, in investigations and regulatory proceedings, certain of which could result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines and other outcomes. We could also be  subject  to  litigation  risks  arising  from  potential  employee  misconduct,  including  non-compliance  with  internal  policies  and  procedures.  We  cannot determine with any certainty what new theories of recovery may evolve or what their impact may be on our business. Multi-party or class action claims may present additional exposure to substantial economic, non-economic or punitive damage awards. The loss of even one of these claims, if it results in a significant damage award or a judicial ruling that was otherwise detrimental, could create a precedent in the industry that affects a great many future or unrelated claims and so could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

We are not currently subject to any pending litigation which individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, in the future, substantial legal liability could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and could cause significant reputational harm.

## Information technology systems that we use could fail or suffer a security breach, which could have a material adverse effect on us or result in the loss of sensitive information.

Our business is dependent upon the operational effectiveness and security of our enterprise systems and those maintained by third parties. Among other  things,  we  rely  on  these  systems  to  interact  with  producers,  insureds,  customers,  clients,  and  other  third  parties,  to  perform  actuarial  and  other modeling functions, to underwrite business, to prepare policies and process premiums, to process claims and make claims payments, to prepare internal and external financial statements and information, as well as to engage in a wide variety of other business activities. A significant failure of our enterprise systems, or those of third parties upon which we may rely, whether because of a natural disaster, network outage or a cyber-attack on our systems, could compromise our personal, confidential and proprietary information as well as that of our customers and business partners, impede or interrupt our business operations and result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, additional regulatory scrutiny and fines, litigation and monetary and reputational damages.

In addition, our computer systems and network infrastructure present security risks and could be susceptible to hacking, computer viruses, data breaches, or ransomware attacks. Any such failure could affect our operations and could materially adversely affect our results of operations by requiring us to expend significant resources to correct the defect, as well as by exposing us to litigation or losses not covered by insurance. Although we have business continuity plans and other safeguards in place, our business operations may be materially adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or operating systems and those of third party service providers that support our business.

Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential information in our computer systems and networks and the cloud.  Our  technologies,  systems  and  networks  may  become  the  target  of  cyber-attacks  or  information  security  breaches  that  could  result  in  the unauthorized  release,  gathering,  monitoring,  misuse,  loss  or  destruction  of  our  or  our  insureds'  or  reinsureds'  confidential,  proprietary  and  other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our insureds', reinsureds' or other third parties' business operations, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to eliminate or mitigate further exposure and the loss of customers. Although to date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that we will not  suffer  such  losses  in  the  future.  While  we  make  efforts  to  maintain  the  security  and  integrity  of  our  information  technology  networks  and  related systems, and have implemented various measures and an incident response protocol to manage the risk of, or respond to, a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or  damaging.  Our  risk  and  exposure  to  these  matters  remains  heightened because  of,  among  other  things,  the  evolving  nature  of  these  threats  and  the outsourcing of some of our business operations. As a result, cyber-security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority. As cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities.

Although we have implemented controls and have taken protective actions to reduce the risk of an enterprise failure and protect against a security breach, such measures may be insufficient to prevent, or mitigate the effects of, a global natural disaster, cyber-attack, or other disruption on our systems that could result in liability to us, cause our data to be corrupted or stolen and cause us to commit resources, management time and money to prevent or correct those failures.

Moreover, employee or agent negligence, error or misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent, and could materially adversely affect our operations.

It is not always possible for us to prevent or detect employee or agent negligence, error and misconduct and the precautions taken to prevent or detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Resultant losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business depends on our ability to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. If any of our operational, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, we could be materially adversely affected. Moreover, third parties with whom we do business, including vendors that provide services or security solutions for our operations, could also be sources of operational and information security risk to us, including from breakdowns, failures, or capacity constraints of their own systems or employees. Any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate our business, or cause financial loss, potential liability to insureds, inability to secure insurance, reputational damage or regulatory intervention, which could materially adversely affect us.

Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of the networks, systems or devices that our customers use to access our products and services, could result in customer attrition, regulatory fines, penalties  or  intervention,  reputational  damage,  reimbursement  or  other  compensation  costs,  and/or  additional  compliance  costs,  any  of  which  could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

## Our operating results may be adversely affected by an unexpected accumulation of attritional losses.

In  addition  to  our  exposures  to  catastrophes  and  other  large  losses  as  discussed  above,  our  operating  results  may  be  adversely  affected  by unexpectedly large accumulations of attritional losses. Attritional losses are defined as losses from claims excluding catastrophes and large one-off claims. We seek to manage this risk by using appropriate underwriting processes to guide the pricing, terms and acceptance of risks. These processes, which may include pricing models, are intended to ensure that premiums received are sufficient to cover the expected levels of attritional losses and a contribution to the cost of catastrophes and large losses where necessary. However, it is possible that our underwriting approaches or our pricing models may not work as intended and that actual losses from a class of risks may be greater than expected. Our pricing models are also subject to the same limitations as the models used to assess our exposure to catastrophe losses noted above. Accordingly, these factors could adversely impact our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

## We are dependent on the use of third-party software and data, and any reduction in third party product quality or any failure to comply with our licensing requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We rely on third-party software and data in connection with our underwriting, claims, investment, accounting and finance activity. We depend on the ability of third-party software and data providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Third-party software and data we use may become obsolete or incompatible with versions of products that we will be using in the future, or may lead to temporary or permanent data loss when upgraded to newer versions.

We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software in the future. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace such software. In addition, integration of new third-party software may require significant work and require substantial investment of our time and resources. Our use of additional  or  alternative  third-party  software  would  require  us  to  enter  into  license  agreements  with  third  parties,  which  may  not  be  available  on commercially reasonable terms or at all.  Many of the risks  associated  with the  use of  third-party  software  cannot  be  eliminated,  and  these  risks  could negatively affect our business.

We also monitor our use of third-party software and data to comply with applicable license requirements. Despite our efforts, such third parties may challenge our use of such software and data, resulting in loss of rights or costly legal actions. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are not able, on a timely basis, to effectively replace the functionality provided by software or data that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively for any reason. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

## If we are unable to keep pace with the technological advancements in the insurance industry, our ability to compete effectively could be impaired.

We  are  committed  to  developing  and  maintaining  information  technology  systems  that  will  allow  our  insurance  subsidiaries  to  compete effectively. There can be no assurance that the development of current technology for future use will not result in our being competitively disadvantaged, especially with those carriers that have greater resources. If we are unable to keep pace with the advancements being made in technology, our ability to compete with other insurance companies who have advanced technological capabilities will be negatively affected. Further, if we are unable to effectively execute  and  update  or  replace  our  key  legacy  technology  systems  as  they  become  obsolete  or  as  emerging  technology  renders  them  competitively inefficient, our competitive position and cost structure could be adversely affected.

Compliance with laws and regulations governing the processing of personal data and information may impede our services or result in increased costs. The failure to comply with such data privacy laws and regulations could result in material fines or penalties imposed by data protection or financial services  conduct  regulators  and/or  awards  of  civil  damages  and  any  data  breach  may  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  reputation,  results  of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences.

Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. The collection, storage, handling, disclosure, use, transfer and security of personal information that occurs in connection with our business is subject to federal, state and foreign data privacy laws. These legal requirements are not uniform and continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third party transactions, but also to transfers of information among us and our subsidiaries. Privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.

One leading data protection law is the General Data Protection Regulation (the 'GDPR'), which came into force throughout the EU in May 2018 and has extra-territorial effect. The GDPR applies not only to companies in the EU but also to companies anywhere in the world that collect personal data from individuals  in  the  EU  in  connection  with  offering  goods  or  services  to  such  individuals  or  monitoring  their  behavior  in  the  EU.  It  also  imposes obligations on EU companies processing data of non-EU citizens. The GDPR imposes extensive requirements regarding the processing of personal data and confers  rights  on  data  subjects  including  the  'right  to  be  forgotten'  and  the  right  to  'portability'  of  personal  data.  The  GDPR  imposes  significant punishments for non-compliance which could result in a penalty of up to 4% of a company's global annual revenue. Many other jurisdictions around the world also have enacted privacy and data protection laws, and these laws continue to evolve and expand.

Compliance with the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR and other privacy and data protection laws requires investment in appropriate technical or organizational measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of data subjects, which may result in significant costs to our business and may require us from time to time to further amend certain of our business practices. Enforcement actions, investigations and the imposition of substantial fines and  penalties  by  regulatory  authorities  as  a  result  of  data  security  incidents  and  privacy  violations  have  increased  dramatically  in  recent  years.  The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties, significant legal liability, and reputational damage and cause us to lose business.

In addition, unauthorized disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or Company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence,  fraud  or  misappropriation,  by  us  or  other  parties  with  whom  we  do  business,  could  subject  us  to  significant  litigation,  monetary  damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. Such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation and cause us to lose business, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

## We are exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates which may adversely affect our operating results.

We are exposed to currency risk mainly on insurance written premiums and incurred claims that are denominated in a currency other than our functional  currency.  The  currencies  in  which  these  transactions  are  primarily  denominated  are  Sterling  (GBP),  euro  (EUR)  and  the  Australian  Dollar (AUD).  As  a  significant  portion  of  our  transactions  are  denominated  in  U.S. dollars,  this  reduces  currency  risk.  Intra-group transactions  are  primarily denominated in U.S. dollars.

Part of our monetary assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency other than our functional currency and are subject to risks associated with currency exchange fluctuation. We reduce some of this currency exposure by maintaining some of our bank balances in foreign currencies in which some of our insurance payables are denominated.

We are exposed to changes in exchange rates arising from the mismatch of cash flows due to currency exchange fluctuations.

We are also subject to currency translation risk, which arises from the translation into our functional currency for reporting purposes of income from operations conducted in other currencies, which can cause volatility in reported earnings from our business conducted overseas and translation gains and losses. In preparing our financial statements, we use period-end rates to translate all monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies in the balance sheet to our functional currency and presentational currency. The non-monetary assets and liabilities, namely unearned premium reserves, loss reserves and deferred acquisition costs, are measured at fair value and translated using the exchange rates as of the date of the measurement of fair value.

We write business on a worldwide basis, and our results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the value of currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. The primary foreign currencies in which we operate are the euro, the Sterling and the Australian Dollar. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may reduce our revenues, increase our liabilities and costs and cause fluctuations in the valuation of our investment portfolio. We may therefore suffer losses solely as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. In order to mitigate our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations in our net insurance liabilities, we have invested and expect to continue to invest in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. In addition, we may replicate investment positions in foreign currencies using derivative financial instruments. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage these risks effectively or that they will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union could have a material adverse effect on our business.

On January 31, 2020, the UK left the EU, commonly referred to as 'Brexit'. On December 24, 2020, the UK and the EU reached an agreement governing a number of areas including trade in goods and in services, digital trade, intellectual property, public procurement, aviation and road transport, energy, fisheries, social security coordination, law enforcement and judicial cooperation in criminal matters, thematic cooperation and participation in EU programmes, which came into force on May 1, 2021.

Due to the size and importance of the economy of the UK, the uncertainty and unpredictability concerning the UK's future laws and regulations (including financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements) as well as its legal, political and economic relationships with the EU, Brexit may continue to be a source of instability in international markets, create significant currency fluctuations or otherwise adversely affect trading agreements or similar cross-border cooperation arrangements (whether economic, tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory or otherwise) for the foreseeable future. It is difficult to determine what the precise impact of the new relationship between UK and the EU will be on general economic conditions in the UK. The uncertainty could  contribute  to  a  decline  in  equity  markets,  bond  markets,  interest  rates  and  property  prices.  In  particular,  considerable  uncertainty  remains  in  the context  of  the  financial  services  sector.  The  agreement  between  the  EU  and  the  UK  does  not  cover  financial  services  (other  than  through  a  general undertaking to ensure the implementation and application of internationally agreed standards in the financial services sector for regulation and supervision), leaving  decisions  of  'equivalence'  and  'adequacy'  to  be  determined  by  each  side  unilaterally  in  due  course.  In  the  long  term,  Brexit  could  lead  to divergence between UK and EU regulatory systems as the UK determines which EU laws and regulations to maintain and which to replace. For example, the UK government has introduced legislation into Parliament that will enable it to amend, replace or repeal retained EU law. Any material divergence between UK and EU regulatory systems could have negative tax, accounting and financial reporting obligations. Any of these effects of Brexit, and others we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In June 2021, we acquired an EU insurance company in Malta, which enables us to pursue business in the EU, but also subjects us to regulation in the EU.

## If actual renewals of our existing policies and contracts do not meet expectations, our gross written premiums in future fiscal periods and our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.

A majority of our insurance policies and reinsurance contracts are for a one-year term. We make assumptions about the renewal rate and pricing of the prior year's policies and contracts in our financial forecasting process. If actual renewals do not meet expectations, our gross written premiums in future fiscal periods and our future operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

## Our efforts to expand in targeted geographical markets and lines of business may not be successful and may create enhanced risks.

A number of our planned business initiatives involve expanding in targeted geographical markets and lines of business. To develop new markets and  business  lines,  we  may  need  to  make  substantial  capital  and  operating  expenditures,  which  may  adversely  affect  our  results  in  the  near  term.  In addition, the demand for our products in new markets and lines of business may not meet our expectations. To the extent we are able to expand in new markets and business lines, our risk exposures may change and the data and models we use to manage such exposures may not be as sophisticated as those we use in existing markets and business lines. This, in turn, could lead to losses in excess of expectations. Moreover, we are considering setting up new offices and increasing staff at existing offices as part of our growth strategy. Such growth, which may include hiring additional underwriters, could make it more difficult for us to monitor and enforce compliance with internal underwriting authorities, limits and controls. We cannot be certain that we will be successful or identify attractive targets in these new markets.

## The  phaseout  of  the  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate  ('LIBOR')  and  its  replacement  with  alternative  reference  rates  may  affect  some  of  our investments.

On July 27, 2017, the FCA announced its desire to phase out the use of LIBOR by the end of 2021. Since December 31, 2021, all EUR, GBP, JPY and Swiss Franc LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month USD LIBOR settings have ceased to be published or are no longer representative, and after June 30, 2023, the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative.

The U.S. Federal Reserve publishes the Secured Overnight Funding Rate (SOFR) which is intended to replace USD LIBOR. Plans for alternative reference rates for other currencies have also been announced. It is not possible to predict how investment markets will respond to these new rates, and the effect  that  the  discontinuation of LIBOR might have on new or existing financial instruments, including the effectiveness or ineffectiveness of hedges. However, such changes may adversely impact the value of some of our current or future investments.

Changes  may  adversely  affect  the  market  for  securities  referencing  LIBOR,  which  in  turn  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  LIBOR-linked investments. In addition, changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the market for LIBOR-based securities.

## Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Securities

## Our main holding is our ownership of IGI Dubai (and, indirectly, IGI Dubai's subsidiaries) and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our common shares or satisfy other financial obligations.

We are a holding company and do not directly own any operating assets other than our ownership of interests in IGI Dubai. We depend on IGI Dubai for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company and to pay any dividends. The earnings from, or other available assets of, IGI Dubai may not be sufficient to make distributions or pay dividends, pay expenses or satisfy our other financial obligations.

Additionally, our primary operating subsidiary is IGI Bermuda, which is subject to Bermuda regulatory constraints that affect its ability to pay dividends on its common shares and make other distributions. Under the Insurance Act, and related regulations, IGI Bermuda, as a Class 3B insurer, is required  to  maintain  certain  minimum  capital,  liquidity  and  solvency  levels  and  is  prohibited  from  declaring  or  paying  dividends  that  would  result  in noncompliance with this requirement. In addition, a Class 3B insurer is prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends, in any financial year which would exceed 25% of its total statutory capital and surplus, as shown on its previous financial year statutory balance sheet, unless at least seven days before payment of those dividends it files an affidavit with the BMA signed by at least two directors and by its principal representative in Bermuda, which states in the opinion of those signing, the declaration of those dividends will not cause the insurer to fail to meet its required solvency margin and minimum liquidity ratio.  Further,  with  respect to the distribution of any contributed surplus, a Class 3B insurer must also submit an affidavit and obtain the BMA's prior approval before reducing its total statutory capital as shown in its previous year statutory balance sheet by 15% or more.

## We are subject to numerous rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq by virtue of being a publicly reporting company in the U.S.

Since March 2020, IGI has been subject to numerous rules, regulations, corporate governance requirements and other reporting obligations in the U.S. by virtue of being a publicly reporting company listed on Nasdaq in the U.S. These include numerous rules, regulations and requirements adopted by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the ('Exchange Act') and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as amended (the 'Sarbanes-Oxley Act') and rules and regulations adopted by Nasdaq. The significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations imposed on public companies require substantial attention from our senior management and from time to time could divert attention away from the day-to-day management of our businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Similarly,  corporate  governance  obligations, including  with  respect  to  the  development  and  implementation  of  appropriate  corporate  governance  policies,  and  concurrent  service  on  the  board  of directors and possibly multiple board committees, impose additional burdens on our non-executive directors.

As  a  result  of  these  regulatory  requirements,  we  have  incurred  higher  costs  associated  with  being  a  public  company,  including  significant additional legal, compliance, accounting, reporting, insurance and other applicable costs following completion of the Business Combination. This includes hiring of more employees or engaging outside consultants to comply with these requirements.

The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. We may need to hire more employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. Being a public company could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Being a public company could also make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, board committees or as executive officers.  Furthermore,  if  we  are  unable  to  satisfy  our  obligations  as  a  public  company,  we  could  be  subject  to  delisting  of  our  common  shares,  fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation.

## Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting (ICOFR) could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price.

Each year our management is required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and of our disclosure controls and procedures. If we detect any material weaknesses and are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we may fail to meet our future reporting obligations in a timely and reliable manner and our financial statements may contain material misstatements. Any such failure could also adversely cause our investors to have less confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have a material adverse effect.

If we are unable to remediate our material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide  required  financial  information  in  a  timely  and  reliable  manner  and  we  may  incorrectly  report  financial  information.  Likewise,  if  our  financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to timely file will cause us to be ineligible to utilize short form registration statements on Form F-3, which may impair our ability to obtain capital in a timely fashion to execute our business strategies. In either case, there could result a material adverse effect on our business.

Beginning on January 1, 2023, our financial statements will be reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP rather than IFRS. Significant differences exist between IFRS and U.S. GAAP. The conversion from IFRS into U.S. GAAP and the preparation of our future consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP will result in changes in the application of accounting principles by our staff and, consequently, will affect our financial reporting processes and results.

## We may issue additional common shares or other equity securities without shareholder approval, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of our common shares.

We may issue additional common shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, without shareholder approval, in a number of circumstances.

Our issuance of additional common shares or other equity securities of equal or senior rank would have the following effects:

- our existing shareholders' proportionate ownership interest in the Company will decrease;
- the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease;
- the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common share may be diminished; and
- the market price of our common shares may decline.

You will have limited ability to bring an action against the Company or against its directors and officers, or to enforce a judgment against the Company or its director and officers, because the Company is incorporated in Bermuda, because the Company conducts its operations primarily outside of the United States and because a majority of the Company's directors and officers reside outside the United States.

We are an exempted company incorporated in Bermuda and, as a result, the rights of the holders of our common shares will be governed by Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and our Amended and Restated Bye-laws. We conduct our operations through subsidiaries which are located  primarily  outside  the  U.S. All  of  our  current  assets  are  located  outside  the  U.S.,  and  substantially  all  of  our  business  is  conducted  outside  the U.S. All of our officers and a majority of our directors reside outside the U.S. and a substantial portion of the assets of those persons are located outside of the U.S. As a result, it could be difficult or highly challenging for you to effect service of process on these individuals in the U.S. in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under applicable securities laws or otherwise or to enforce in the U.S. judgments obtained in U.S. courts against the Company or those persons based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. In addition, it is doubtful whether the courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the U.S., against the Company or its directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against the Company or its directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions. In addition, our Amended and Restated Bye-laws state that all disputes arising out of the Companies Act or out of or in connection with our Amended and Restated Byelaws are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Bermuda.

Shareholders of Bermuda exempted companies such as the Company also have no general rights under Bermuda law to inspect corporate records and  accounts  other  than  rights  to  review  the  Company's  memorandum  of  association  and  bye-laws,  financial  statements,  minutes  of  the  shareholder meetings and the shareholder register. This could make it more difficult for you to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest.

As  a  result  of  all  of  the  above,  public  shareholders  might  have  more  difficulty  in  protecting  their  interests  in  the  face  of  actions  taken  by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a U.S. company.

## Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws designate the Supreme Court of Bermuda, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the exclusive forum for certain types  of  actions  and  proceedings  that  may  be  initiated  by  our  shareholders,  which  could  limit  our  shareholders'  ability  to  bring  certain  actions  or proceedings in a forum of their choosing.

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that the Supreme Court of Bermuda will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum for  any  dispute  that  arises  concerning  the  Companies  Act  or  out  of  or  in  connection  with  our  Amended  and  Restated  Bye-laws,  including  any question regarding the existence and scope of any bye-law and/or whether there has been any breach of the Companies Act or the bye-laws by an officer or director (whether or not such a claim is brought in the name of a shareholder or in the name of the Company).

To the fullest extent permitted by law, the forum selection bye-law discussed above will apply to derivative actions or proceedings brought on behalf  of  the  Company  and  arising  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as  amended  (the  'Securities  Act')  or  the  Exchange Act,  although  we  have  been advised by the SEC that in the opinion of the SEC, our shareholders cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision in connection with any such derivative action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and it is possible that a court could find the forum selection bye-law to be inapplicable or unenforceable.

This forum selection bye-law could limit the ability of our shareholders to bring certain actions or proceedings involving disputes with us or our directors, officers and other employees in a forum of our shareholders' choosing. If a court were to find the forum selection bye-law inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.

## U.S. persons  who  own  our  securities  may  have  more  difficulty  in  protecting  their  interests  than  U.S. persons  who  are  shareholders  of  a U.S. corporation.

The Companies Act, which applies to the Company, differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. These differences include, but are not limited to, the manner in which directors must disclose transactions in which they have an interest, the rights of shareholders to bring class action and derivative lawsuits, the scope of indemnification available to directors and officers and provisions relating to amalgamations, mergers and acquisitions and takeovers. Holders of our common shares may therefore have more difficulty protecting their interests than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction within the U.S.

Generally, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company are owed to the company and not, in the absence of special circumstances, to the shareholders as individuals. Shareholders of Bermuda companies typically do not have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company and may only do so in limited circumstances. Class actions and derivative actions are typically not available to shareholders under Bermuda law. The Bermuda courts, however, would ordinarily be expected to permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the company where the act  complained  of  is  alleged  to  be  beyond  the  corporate  power  of  the  company  or  illegal,  or  would  result  in  the  violation  of  the company's memorandum of association or bye-laws. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws state that all disputes arising out of the Companies Act or out of or in connection with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Bermuda. This would make it more difficult to make certain claims against the Company or its directors or officers in jurisdictions outside of Bermuda, including the U.S. Additionally, our  Amended  and  Restated  Bye-laws  contain  a  waiver  by  the  Company's  shareholders  of  any  claim  or  right  of  action,  both  individually  and  on  the Company's behalf, against any of the Company's directors or officers. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. This waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against the Company's officers and directors unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty.

## Nasdaq may delist our securities, which could limit investors' ability to engage in transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

In order to list common shares and warrants, we were required to meet the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, including the requirement to have at least 300 round lot holders of our common shares, at least 50% of which must hold at least $2,500 of securities. Although we were able to meet those initial listing requirements, we may be unable to maintain the listing of our securities in the future.

If Nasdaq subsequently delists our securities, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

- a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
- a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for the Company; and
- a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

In addition, the permission of the BMA is required, under the provisions of the Exchange Control Act, for all issuances and transfers of shares (which includes our common shares) of Bermuda companies to or from a non-resident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes, other than in cases where the  BMA  has  granted  a  general  permission.  The  BMA,  in  its  notice  to  the  public  dated  June 1,  2005,  granted  a  general  permission  for  the  issue  and subsequent transfer of any securities of a Bermuda company from and/or to a non-resident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes for so long as any 'Equity  Securities'  of  the  company  (which  would  include  our  common  shares)  are  listed  on  an  'Appointed  Stock  Exchange'  (which  would  include Nasdaq). In granting the general permission the BMA accepts no responsibility for our financial soundness or the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this annual report. If our common shares are delisted from Nasdaq and not otherwise listed on an Appointed Stock Exchange, the issue and transfer of our equity securities (which would include our common shares) would be subject to the prior approval of the BMA, unless the BMA has granted a general permission in respect of any such issue or transfer.

## Provisions in  our  memorandum of association and our Amended and Restated Bye-laws may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities and could entrench management.

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that our shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. Among other provisions, the staggered board of directors and Wasef Jabsheh's director appointment rights may make it more difficult  for  our  shareholders  to  remove  incumbent  management  and  accordingly  discourage  transactions  that  otherwise  could  involve  payment  of  a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. For so long as Wasef Jabsheh, together with his family and/or affiliates, own at least 10% of our issued and outstanding common shares, Wasef Jabsheh will be entitled to appoint two directors to our board of directors. For so long as Wasef Jabsheh, together with his family and/or affiliates, own at least 5% of our issued and outstanding common shares, Wasef Jabsheh will be entitled to appoint one director to our board of directors. Other anti-takeover provisions in our Amended and Restated Bye-laws include the ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares with preferences and voting rights determined by the board of directors without shareholder approval, the indemnification of our officers and directors, the requirement that directors may only be removed from our board of directors for cause, the provision that shareholders may take specified action by written consent only if such action is by unanimous written consent, the requirement for the affirmative vote of 66% of the directors then in office and holders of at least 66% of the voting shares to amend specified provisions in our Amended and Restated Bye-laws and the requirement that  a  business  combination  with  a  15%  shareholder  must  be  approved  by  an  affirmative  vote  of  66%  of  the  voting  shares  owned  by  non-interested shareholders  and  our  board  of  directors.  These  provisions  could  also  make  it  difficult  for  our  shareholders  to  take  certain  actions  and  limit  the  price investors might be willing to pay for our securities.

## As a 'foreign private issuer' under the rules and regulations of the SEC, we are permitted to, and will, file less or different information with the SEC than  a  company  incorporated  in  the  United States  or  otherwise  subject  to  these  rules,  and  will  follow  certain  home  country  corporate  governance practices in lieu of certain Nasdaq requirements applicable to U.S. issuers.

The Company is considered a 'foreign private issuer' under the Exchange Act and is therefore exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act. For example, we are not required to file current reports on Form 8-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and we are exempt from the U.S. proxy rules which  impose  certain  disclosure  and  procedural  requirements  for  U.S. proxy  solicitations.  We  are  not  required  to  comply  with  Regulation FD,  which imposes restrictions on the selective disclosure of material information to shareholders, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we are not required to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or within the same time frames as U.S. companies with securities registered under the Exchange Act. Also, we are not required to file financial statements prepared in accordance with  or  reconciled to U.S. GAAP so long as our financial statements are prepared  in  accordance  with  IFRS  as  issued  by  the  International  Accounting  Standards  Board,  although  we  are  permitted  to  voluntarily  file  financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, holders of the Company's securities may receive less or different information about the Company than they may receive with respect to public companies incorporated in the United States.

In addition, as a 'foreign private issuer' whose common shares are listed on Nasdaq, we are permitted to follow certain home country corporate governance practices in lieu of certain Nasdaq requirements. Unlike the requirements of Nasdaq, the corporate governance practice and requirements in Bermuda do not require us to have a majority of independent directors; do not require us to establish a nomination committee or a nomination committee consisting of only independent directors; do not require us to have a compensation committee or a compensation committee consisting of only independent directors;  and  do  not  require  us  to  hold  regular  executive  sessions  of  the  board  of  directors  where  only  independent  directors  shall  be  present.  Such Bermuda  home  country  practices  may  afford  less  protection  to  holders  of  our  common  shares.  We  intend  to  voluntarily  comply  with  certain  Nasdaq corporate  governance  requirements,  including  having  a  majority  of  independent  directors  on  the  board  of  directors  and  establishing  compensation  and nomination committees of the board of directors, but we are not required to do so and may cease doing so at any time as long as we maintain our status as a 'foreign private issuer.'

We could  lose  our  status  as  a  'foreign  private  issuer'  under  current  SEC  rules  and  regulations  if  more  than  50%  of  our  outstanding  voting securities become directly or indirectly held of record by U.S. holders and one of the following is true: (i) the majority of our directors or executive officers are  U.S. citizens  or  residents;  (ii) more  than  50%  of  our  assets  are  located  in  the  United States;  or  (iii) our  business  is  administered  principally  in  the United States.

If we lose our status as a foreign private issuer in the future, we will no longer be exempt from the rules described above and, among other things, will be required to file periodic reports and annual and quarterly financial statements as if we were a company incorporated in the United States. If this were to happen, we would likely incur substantial costs in fulfilling these additional regulatory requirements and members of our management would likely have to divert time and resources from other responsibilities to ensuring these additional regulatory requirements are fulfilled.

## We  are  an  'emerging  growth  company'  and,  as  a  result  of  the  reduced  disclosure  and  governance  requirements  applicable  to  emerging  growth companies, our common shares may be less attractive to investors.

We are an 'emerging growth company' as defined in the JOBS Act and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are available to emerging growth companies, including:

- not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting;
- reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in periodic reports and registration statements; and
- not being required to hold a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

We cannot  predict  if  investors  will  find  our  common  shares  less  attractive  because  we  rely  on  these  exemptions.  If  some  investors  find  our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for common shares and our share price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the Closing, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common shares that is held by nonaffiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior  three-year  period.  After  we  no  longer  qualify  as  an  emerging  growth  company,  if  we  are  not  an  accelerated  filer  (which  requires  a  market capitalization of at least $75 million) or a large accelerated filer (which requires a market capitalization of at least $700 million) we would continue to be exempt from the auditor attestation requirement for the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

## Former IGI Dubai shareholders will continue to exert significant influence over the Company as a result of their shareholdings, and their interests may not be aligned with those of the other shareholders.

As of December 31, 2022, former IGI Dubai shareholders owned more than 60% of our issued and outstanding common shares. The former IGI Dubai shareholders will continue to be able to exercise a significant degree of influence over the outcome of certain matters requiring an ordinary resolution of our shareholders including:

- the appointment and removal of directors;
- a change of control in the Company, which could deprive shareholders of an opportunity to earn a premium for the sale of their shares over the then prevailing market price;

- substantial mergers or other business combinations;
- the acquisition or disposal of substantial assets;
- the alteration of our share capital;
- amendments to our organizational documents; and
- the winding up of the Company.

Furthermore,  as  of  December 31,  2022,  Wasef  Jabsheh,  who  was  IGI  Dubai's  Founder,  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Vice  Chairman  and  is currently our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, was our largest single shareholder and beneficially owned approximately 34.4% of our issued and outstanding common shares. Two other former IGI Dubai shareholders, Oman International Development &amp; Investment Company SAOG ('Ominvest') and Argo Re Limited ('Argo'), beneficially owned 14.2% and 6.5% of our issued and outstanding common shares, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. Beneficial ownership is calculated in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Although there are corporate governance controls in place to mitigate conflicts of interest of members of senior management and major shareholders vis-à-vis the Company and minority shareholders, the former IGI Dubai shareholders may make decisions in respect of the business that do not serve the interests of the Company or the minority shareholders. Among other consequences, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and might therefore negatively affect the market price of our common shares.

## The grant and future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our common shares.

Pursuant  to  the  registration  rights  agreement  among  Tiberius,  the  Sponsor  and  officers  and  directors  of  Tiberius,  that  was  assumed  by  the Company in connection with the Business Combination, and the registration rights agreement among the Company, the Sponsor in its  capacity as the Purchaser Representative, and certain former shareholders of IGI Dubai entered into at the closing of the Business Combination, we were required to file a resale registration statement shortly after Closing which registered for resale our common shares held by the Sponsor, the former officers and directors of Tiberius and former shareholders of IGI Dubai. In addition, the Sponsor, the former officers and directors of Tiberius and certain former shareholders of IGI Dubai can demand that the Company register their registrable securities under certain circumstances and also have piggyback registration rights for their securities in connection with certain registrations of securities that we undertake. We were also required to file and maintain an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering securities issued at Closing to investors pursuant to forward purchase contracts and securities issued at Closing to the PIPE Investors. We are also required to file a registration statement covering the issuance of our common shares upon the exercise of our warrants. The Company has an effective registration statement on Form F-3 filed with the SEC, which satisfies these requirements.

The registration of these securities pursuant to the registration statement or any future registration statement that the Company may file will permit the public resale of such securities, subject to any contractual lock-up restrictions. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares.

## Sales of a substantial number of our securities in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our common shares.

As of December 31, 2022, Wasef Jabsheh, Ominvest and Argo beneficially owned 18,243,403, 6,942,692 and 3,209,067 of our common shares, respectively. All of these shares and all of our common shares received by the former IGI Dubai shareholders in the Business Combination have been registered  for  resale  on  a  registration  restatement  on  Form F-3  and  are  available  for  resale  in  the  public  market.  Sales  of  a  significant  number  of  our common shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could reduce the market price of our common shares.

In  addition,  our  affiliates  and  the  former  IGI  Dubai  shareholders  who  received  restricted  securities  in  the  Business  Combination  may  sell  our common shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, which became available to the Company, as a former shell company, on March 23, 2021 (one  year  after  our  filing  with  the  SEC  of  a  Shell  Company  Report  on  Form 20-F  containing  Form 10  type  information  reflecting  the  Business Combination). In these cases, the resales must meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of Rule 144.

So long as our registration statement on Form F-3 remains effective or upon satisfaction of the requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or another applicable exemption from registration, the former IGI Dubai shareholders may sell large amounts of our common shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, which could have the effect of increasing the volatility in our share price or putting significant downward pressure on the price of our securities.

## The issue of additional shares in the Company in connection with future acquisitions or pursuant to share incentive plans or otherwise may dilute all other shareholdings.

We may seek to raise financing to fund future acquisitions and other growth opportunities. We may, for these and other purposes, such as in connection with share incentive plans, issue additional equity or convertible equity securities that could dilute your ownership in the Company and may include terms that give new investors rights that are superior to yours. Any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common shares and in any event may have a dilutive impact on your ownership interest, which could cause the market price of our common shares to decline.

## The decision by our board of directors whether or not to declare dividends, and if so the amount declared, will be based on all relevant considerations, including market conditions and the views and recommendations of regulatory authorities.

Our board of directors will evaluate whether or not to pay dividends and, if so, whether to pay dividends on a quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis.  The  board  of  directors'  evaluation  will  depend  on  numerous  factors,  including  our  results,  market  conditions,  contractual  obligations,  legal restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. Among other things, in the current environment, the board of directors will take into consideration  the  views  of  regulators  with  respect  to  dividend  policies  of  insurance  companies  as  well  as  the  board  of  directors'  and  management's evaluation of global market conditions. In addition, there are certain restrictions on the declaration and payment of dividends by the Company's insurance subsidiaries which such restrictions are further detailed in this annual report.

On April 8, 2020, the UK PRA issued a statement that 'when insurers are considering whether or not to proceed with any dividend payments, their boards should pay close attention to the need to protect policyholders and maintain safety and soundness. Decisions regarding capital or significant risk management issues need to be informed by a range of scenarios, including very severe ones.' The PRA stated that 'we welcome the prudent decision from some insurance companies today to pause dividends given the uncertainties associated with Covid-19.'

In addition, the European Insurance and Occupational Pension Authority ('EIOPA') stated in its December 2020 Financial Stability Report that it 'strongly  recommends  insurers  to  maintain  extreme  caution  and  prudence  within  their  capital  management.'  EIOPA  also  stated  that  any  dividend distributions 'should not exceed thresholds of prudency and institutions should ensure that the resulting reduction in the quantity or quality of their own funds remains at levels appropriate to the current levels of risks.'

In  May 2022, the Company's board of directors determined that  going forward the board intended to declare a $0.01 per share dividend on a quarterly basis.  However, the board of directors has not yet made any final decisions with respect to its dividend policy. Any decision to declare dividends will be made based on an evaluation and review of the Company's latest results and the Company's analysis of its pending claims, market conditions, and advice from the Company's regulators, among other factors. In addition, as a Bermuda exempted company, the Company must comply with the provisions of the Companies Act regulating the payment of dividends and making distributions from contributed surplus. The Company may not declare or pay a dividend,  or  make  a  distribution  out  of  contributed  surplus,  if  there  are  reasonable  grounds  for  believing  that:  (a) the  company  is,  or  would  after  the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due; or (b) the realizable value of the company's assets would thereby be less than its liabilities.

## Our public and private warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our public and private warrants could have a material effect on our financial results.

On April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff issued the SEC Staff Statement, wherein the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC's balance sheet as opposed to being treated as equity for purposes of U.S. GAAP. Specifically, the SEC Staff Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business combination. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, although the Company's financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the IASB, as opposed to U.S. GAAP, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our public and private warrants. As a result of our reevaluation, and following discussion with the staff of the SEC, we determined that our public warrants and private warrants should be classified as liabilities measured at fair value on our consolidated statement of financial position, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our statement of income.

As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements may fluctuate on a yearly basis, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material.

## Taxation Risks

## Intra-group arrangements found not to be on arm's length terms may adversely affect our tax charge.

Trading relationships between our members in different jurisdictions will in general be subject to the transfer pricing regimes of the jurisdictions concerned. We intend to operate intra-group trading arrangements and relationships on demonstrable and documented arm's length terms. If, however, such trading arrangements were found not to be on arm's length terms, adjustments might be required to taxable profits in the relevant jurisdictions, which could lead to an increase in our overall tax charge; this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Legislation to adopt these standards has been enacted or is currently under consideration in a number of jurisdictions, including country-by-country reporting. As a result, our earnings may be subject to income tax, or intercompany payments may be subject to withholding tax, in jurisdictions where they are not currently taxed or at higher rates of tax than currently taxed. The applicable tax authorities could also attempt to apply such taxes to past earnings and payments. Any such additional taxes could materially increase our effective tax rate. Also, the adoption of these standards may increase the complexity and costs associated with tax compliance and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.

## The Company could be or may become a passive foreign investment company, by reason of its subsidiaries failing to qualify as 'qualified insurance corporations,' which also could result in other adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.

Significant potential adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including certain reporting requirements, generally apply to any U.S. person who owns shares in a passive foreign investment company (a 'PFIC'). Although not free from doubt, we do not believe it is likely the Company will be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year. However, we cannot provide assurance that the Company will not be a PFIC for the current year or will not become a PFIC in any future taxable year.

A non-U.S. corporation will be considered a passive foreign investment company for any taxable year if either at least 75% of its gross income for such taxable year is passive income or at least 50% of the value of its assets (based on an average of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. For purposes of the PFIC rules, a corporation is treated as owning its proportionate share of the assets and earning its proportionate share of the income of any other corporation in which it owns, directly or indirectly, at least 25% (by value) of the stock (the 'Look-Through Rule').

Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business), passive assets generally include assets held for the production of such income, and gains from the disposition of passive assets are generally all included in passive income. Special rules apply, however, in determining whether the income of an insurance company is passive income for purposes of these rules. Specifically, income derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a 'qualified insurance corporation' (a 'QIC') is excluded from the definition of passive income, even though that income would otherwise be considered passive (the 'Insurance Company Exception'). The Insurance Company  Exception  provides  a  modified  version  of  the  Look-Through  Rule  which  allows  a  QIC  to  treat  certain  income  and  assets  of  its  non-QIC subsidiaries as active income or assets.

Although not free from doubt, the Company believes that between the Insurance Company Exception and the Look-Through Rule, a sufficient amount of its subsidiaries' income and assets will be treated as active for the Company not to qualify as a PFIC. We cannot provide assurance that the IRS will not successfully challenge our interpretation of the scope of the Insurance Company Exception and our qualification for the exception.

In  addition,  changes  in  law  can  adversely  affect  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries'  abilities  to  qualify  for  the  Insurance  Company  Exception, modify the Look-Through Rule as applied for that exception, or otherwise cause the Company to qualify as a PFIC, possibly with retroactive effect. In particular, the U.S. Treasury has proposed regulations regarding the Insurance Company Exception. We cannot provide any assurance that such proposed regulations, when finalized, will not cause the Company to be treated as a PFIC. Further, the IRS may issue guidance that causes us to fail to qualify for the Insurance Company Exception on a prospective or retroactive basis.

Thus, although not free from doubt, the Company does not believe it is likely to be treated as a PFIC for the current year and does not believe it is likely to be so treated in foreseeable future years. However, the PFIC determination is factual in nature and is made annually. In particular, it will depend on the  relative  assets  and  insurance  liabilities  of  the  Company's  subsidiaries  and  on  the  manner  in  which  they  conduct  their  businesses  and  how  they  are regulated.

Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the Company will not be a PFIC for the current year or will not become a PFIC in any future taxable year. A U.S. investor that owns Company common shares or warrants during any year in which the Company is a PFIC will generally be subject to adverse U.S. federal  income  tax  consequences.  See  ' Taxation - Material  United States  Federal  Income  Tax  Considerations - Passive  Foreign  Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules .'

## Changes in tax law might adversely affect the Company or our shareholders.

The tax treatment of an investment in our common shares or warrants may be the subject of future tax legislation. For example, the TCJA among other things, made significant changes to the PFIC rules applicable to the taxation of U.S. holders of the Company's common shares and warrants (which are discussed in greater detail herein). Further changes in tax laws (including the PFIC rules) could adversely affect holders of our common shares and warrants.

No prediction can be made as to whether any particular proposed legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, what the specific provisions or the effective  date  of  any  such  legislation  would  be,  or  whether  it  would  have  any  effect  on  us.  As  such,  we  cannot  assure  you  that  future  legislative, administrative or judicial developments will not result in an increase in the amount of U.S. tax payable by us or by an investor in our equity securities. If any such developments occur, it could have a material and adverse effect on an investor or our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

## General Risk Factors

## A prolonged recession or a period of significant turmoil in international financial markets could adversely affect our business, liquidity and financial condition and our share price.

In recent years, global financial markets have been characterized by volatility and uncertainty. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or make credit harder to obtain. Uncertainties in the financial and commodity markets may also affect our counterparties which could adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us.

Deterioration or volatility in the financial markets or general economic and political conditions could result in a prolonged economic downturn or trigger  another  recession  and  our  operating  results,  financial  position  and  liquidity  could  be  materially  and  adversely  affected.  Further,  unfavorable economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on certain of the lines of business we write, including, but not limited to, political risks and professional liability.

International financial market disruptions such as the ones experienced in the last global financial crisis in 2008, as well as the economic effects caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine, along with the possibility of a prolonged recession, may potentially affect various aspects of our business, including the demand for and claims made under our products, counterparty credit risk, the ability of our customers, counterparties and others to establish  or  maintain  their  relationships  with  us,  our  ability  to  access  and  efficiently  use  internal  and  external  capital  resources  and  our  investment performance. Volatility in the U.S. and other securities markets may also adversely affect our share price. Depending on future market conditions, we could incur substantial realized and unrealized losses in future periods, which may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, credit ratings, insurance subsidiaries' capital levels and our ability to access capital markets.

## Loss of business reputation or negative publicity could negatively impact our business and results of operations.

We  are  vulnerable  to  adverse  market  perception  because  we  operate  in  an  industry  where  integrity  and  customer  trust  and  confidence  are paramount. In addition, any negative publicity (whether accurate or inaccurate) associated with our business or operations could result in a loss of clients and/or  business  and  could  result  in  decreased  demand.  We  also  may  be  negatively  impacted  if  competitors  in  one  or  more  of  our  markets  engage  in practices resulting in increased public attention to our business. Accordingly, any mismanagement, fraud or failure to satisfy fiduciary responsibilities, or the negative publicity resulting from these or other activities or any allegation of such activities, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. These factors may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our profitability by impeding our ability to market our products and services, requiring us to change our products or services or by increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate.

## Changes in employment laws, taxation and acceptable compensation practice may limit our ability to attract senior employees to our current operating platforms.

Our  business  and  operations  are,  by  their  nature,  international  and  we  compete  for  senior  employees  on  a  global  basis.  Changes  in  local employment legislation, taxation and the approach of regulatory bodies to compensation practices within our operating jurisdictions may impact our ability to recruit or retain senior employees or the cost to us of doing so. Any failure to retain senior employees may adversely affect the strategic growth of our business and operating results.

## We may be adversely impacted by inflation.

We monitor the risk that the principal markets in which we operate could experience increased inflationary conditions, which would, among other things,  cause  our  costs  to  increase,  and  impact  the  performance  of  our  investment  portfolio.  We  believe  the  risk  of  inflation  across  our  key  markets  is increasing. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered to be long-tail in nature, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims. Changes in the level of inflation also result in an increased level of uncertainty in our estimation of loss reserves, particularly for specialty long-tail segment lines of business. The onset, duration and severity of an inflationary period cannot be estimated with precision.

## Fluctuations in operating results, earnings and other factors, including incidents involving our customers and negative media coverage, may result in significant decreases in the price of our securities.

The stock markets experience volatility that is often unrelated to operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common shares and, as a result, there may be significant volatility in the market price of our common shares. If we are unable to operate profitably as investors expect, the market price of our common shares will likely decline when it becomes apparent that the market expectations may not be realized.  In  addition  to  operating  results,  many  economic  and  seasonal  factors  outside  of  our  control  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  the  price  of  our common shares and increase fluctuations in our earnings. These factors include certain of the risks discussed herein, operating results of other companies in the same industry, changes in financial estimates or recommendations of securities analysts, speculation in the press or investment community, negative media coverage, the risk of potential legal proceedings or government investigations, the possible effects of war, terrorism and other hostilities (such as the war  in  Ukraine),  the  effects  of  global  pandemics  such  as  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  adverse  weather  conditions,  changes  in  general  conditions  in  the economy or the financial markets or other developments affecting the insurance industry.

## A market for our securities may not be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

Although our securities  are listed  on  Nasdaq,  there  can  be  no  assurances  that  an  active  trading  market  for  our  securities  will  be  sustained.  In addition, the price of our securities could fluctuate significantly for various reasons, many of which are outside our control, such as large purchases or sales of the common shares, legislative changes and general economic, political or regulatory conditions. The release of our financial results may also cause our share price to vary. If an active market for our securities does not develop, it may be difficult for you to sell our common shares you own or purchase without depressing the market price for the shares or to sell the shares at all. The existence of an active trading market for our securities will depend to a significant extent on our ability to continue to meet the Nasdaq listing requirements, which we may be unable to accomplish.

## The price of our common shares may be volatile.

The price of our common shares may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including:

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our semi-annual and annual results and those of other public companies in the insurance and reinsurance industry;
- mergers and strategic alliances in the insurance and reinsurance industry;
- market prices and conditions in the insurance and reinsurance industry;
- changes in government regulation applicable us and our subsidiaries and the industry in which we operate;
- potential or actual military conflicts, acts of terrorism or the effects of global pandemics such as the novel coronavirus;
- the failure of securities analysts to publish research about the Company, or shortfalls in our operating results compared to levels forecast by securities analysts;
- announcements concerning us or our competitors; and
- the general state of the securities markets.

These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance.

## Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our common shares.

Securities research analysts from time to time may publish reports about our business, including estimated projections of our future performance. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we achieve. Our share price may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on the Company downgrades our common shares or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of the  Company or fails to publish reports on the Company regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. While we expect research analyst coverage, if no analysts commence coverage of the Company, the trading price and volume for our common shares could be adversely affected.

## ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

## A. History and Development of the Company

## General

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. was incorporated on October 28, 2019 under the laws of Bermuda as an exempted company solely for the purpose of effectuating the Business Combination, which was consummated on March 17, 2020, at which time we became a public company. Prior to the Business Combination, the Company owned no material assets and did not operate any business.

Our registered office is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda. Our principal executive office is located at 74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, PO Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan, and our telephone number is +962 6 562 2009. Our agent for service of process in the United States is Puglisi &amp; Associates, located at 850 Library Avenue, Suite 204, Newark, DE 19711.

On October 10, 2019, IGI Dubai entered into the Business Combination Agreement (as amended, the 'Business Combination Agreement') with Tiberius Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ('Tiberius'), Lagniappe Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 'Sponsor'), Wasef Jabsheh (solely in his capacity as the  representative  of  the  holders  of  IGI  Dubai's  outstanding  capital  shares  (the  'Sellers'))  and,  pursuant  to  a joinder thereto, the Company and Tiberius Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ('Merger Sub').

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other matters, on March 17, 2020 (1) Merger Sub merged with and into Tiberius, with Tiberius surviving the merger and each of the former security holders of Tiberius receiving securities of the Company (the 'Merger') and (2) all of the outstanding share capital of IGI Dubai was exchanged by the Sellers for a combination of common shares of the Company and aggregate cash consideration of $80.0 million (the 'Share Exchange' and, together with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the 'Business Combination').

In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, each of Tiberius and IGI Dubai became a subsidiary of the Company and the Company became a new public company owned by the prior stockholders of Tiberius and the prior shareholders of IGI Dubai. Upon consummation of the Business Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, our common shares and warrants to purchase common shares became listed on Nasdaq.

Other  than  in  connection  with  the  Business  Combination,  since  our  incorporation,  there  have  been  no  material  changes  to  our  share  capital, mergers, amalgamations or consolidations of the Company or any of our significant subsidiaries, no acquisitions or dispositions of material assets other than in the ordinary course of business, no material changes in the mode of conducting our business, no material changes in the types of products produced or services rendered and no name changes. There have been no bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings with respect to the Company or its significant subsidiaries.  There  have  been  no  public  takeover  offers  by  third  parties  for  our  shares  nor  any  public  takeover  offers  by  us  for  the  shares  of  another company which have occurred during the last or current financial years.

The  SEC  maintains  an  Internet  site  that  contains  reports,  proxy  and  information  statements,  and  other  information  regarding  issuers  that  file electronically with the SEC which is accessible at www.sec.gov .

Our principal website address is www.iginsure.com . The information contained on our website does not form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this annual report.

## B. Business Overview

Securityholders should read this section in conjunction with the more detailed information about the Company contained in this annual report, including our audited financial statements and the other information appearing in the section entitled 'Operating and Financial Review and Prospects.'

## General

We are a highly-rated global provider  of specialty  insurance  and  reinsurance  solutions  in  over  200  countries  and  territories.  We  underwrite  a diversified portfolio of specialty risks including energy, property, construction and engineering, ports and terminals, general aviation, political violence, professional lines, financial institutions, marine, contingency and treaty reinsurance. Our size affords us the ability to be nimble and seek out profitable niches that can generate attractive underwriting results. Our underwriting focus is supported by exceptional service to our clients and brokers. Founded in 2001, we and our predecessors have prudently grown our business with a focus on underwriting profitability.

Our primary objective is to underwrite specialty products that maximize return on equity subject to prudent risk constraints on the amount of capital we expose to any single event. We follow a careful and disciplined underwriting strategy with a focus on individually underwritten specialty risks through in-depth assessment of the underlying exposure. We use data analytics and modern technology to offer our clients flexible products and customized and  granular  pricing.  We  manage  our  risks  through  a  variety  of  means,  including  contract  terms,  portfolio  selection  and  underwriting  and  geographic diversification.  Our  underwriting  strategy  is  supplemented  by  a  comprehensive  risk  transfer  program  with  reinsurance  coverage  from  highly-rated reinsurers that we believe lowers our volatility of earnings and provides appropriate levels of protection in the event of a major loss event.

Our Chief Executive Officer, Wasef Jabsheh, with the assistance of our President, Walid Jabsheh, founded IGI in 2001. Wasef Jabsheh has over 50 years  of  industry  experience.  Under  our  management's  leadership  we  have  developed  a  culture  of  prudent  and  disciplined  underwriting  focused  on generating  superior  risk-adjusted  returns.  Our  'underwriting  first'  approach  has  led  to  a  strong  track  record  of  profitable  growth  in  our  core  lines  of business and has allowed for successful expansion into new lines of business and geographic locations without compromising underwriting profitability. We have expanded our gross written premium ('GWP') from $153 million for the year ended December 31, 2009 to $582 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.8%, while delivering a consistently strong underwriting performance which is demonstrated by an average combined ratio of 89.6% over the same time period. Our growth and underwriting performance have allowed us to post consistently strong profitability levels with an unlevered return on average equity of 10.5% over the same time period with limited volatility through market cycles.

Our primary underwriting subsidiary, IGI  Bermuda, is  a  class  3B  insurance  and  reinsurance  company  regulated  by  the  BMA.  IGI  Bermuda's subsidiary, IGI UK, underwrites UK and international domiciled business and risks that are predominantly sourced through London brokers and is regulated by the PRA and the FCA. We underwrite insurance in the EU through our Malta subsidiary, IGI Europe, which is regulated by the MFSA. We maintain our centralized operational functions in Amman, Jordan, complemented by offices in London and Dubai and our Asia Pacific hub in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. We are licensed as a Tier 2 reinsurer in Labuan, Malaysia and have a representative office in Casablanca, Morocco. We also operate in Norway through our Norway-based managing general agency Energy Insurance Oslo AS.

Our presence in various geographic locations provides us with access to global business in profitable niche markets. Our technical underwriting capabilities,  client  service,  nimble  culture  and  ability  to  quickly  adapt  to  changing  market  conditions  further  support  our  strong  market  position  and reputation as an expert in niche businesses in our core geographies.

The  following  charts  show  the  sources  of  IGI's  gross  written  premium  by  geography,  segment  and  line  of  business  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2022:

<!-- image -->

## Our Competitive Strengths

We believe we distinguish ourselves from our competitors as follows:

## Market respected and highly effective management team

Our management team has an average of over 30 years of relevant experience working in insurance, reinsurance and capital markets in various countries. We are led by our Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Wasef Jabsheh, who has over 50 years of industry experience and has been recognized with multiple industry accolades. Our key management team has worked together for several years, providing stability and consistency of approach to the market.  In  addition,  our  senior  management  team  takes  a  hands-on  approach  to  the  business  and  is  readily  accessible  to  the  underwriters  and  other employees, making for a flat structure where decisions are made quickly. The management team has embedded a high performance, service-oriented culture within the Company, which has helped differentiate us in the market and resulted in IGI receiving the 'Reinsurance Company of the Year' award at the 2020 Middle East Insurance Industry Awards.

## Local knowledge and access to attractive geographies

Our local knowledge and presence in attractive markets is a competitive advantage. We have exposure in over 200 countries and territories in both mature  and  high-growth  markets  with  attractive  growth  rates.  Through  our  global  platform  with  presence  in  various  geographic  locations,  the  vast experience  of  our  senior  management  and  underwriters  and  our  long-standing  relationships  with  an  extensive  network  of  specialty  brokers,  we  have differentiated access to profitable niche businesses in our core markets, including the UK, continental Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Asia.

## Long-standing relationships with key brokers

Our longstanding relationships with brokers, and ultimately clients, enable us to receive a regular and sizeable flow of our preferred business. We source almost all of our business through brokers, with our top five international brokers producing 61% of our premiums in the year ended December 31, 2022. We have held relationships with many of those brokers since inception. We believe that we have been able to develop strong broker relationships through the high quality of service that we provide and also through our enhanced reputation in the marketplace.

A pillar of our high quality client service is prompt and professional claims management. We use Xchanging Insurance Services' electronic system for the majority of our premiums and claims, aligning our service levels with London market standards.

## Geographically diverse, specialty and niche book of business

Since IGI's inception, management's objective has been to offer specialty and niche products requiring underwriting and technical skills balanced by geography and line of business. We actively manage our exposures by geographic zone to maintain a diverse portfolio of underlying risks. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote 32.7% of our business in the United Kingdom, 8.9% in Continental Europe, 3.6% in Latin America, 10.1% in the Middle East and 9.4% in Asia. The remaining business was underwritten in the Caribbean, Africa, Australasia and North America. We currently underwrite business in three business segments through 13 lines of business spanning across attractive specialty and niche products. Of $581.8 million in gross written premiums for the year ended December 31, 2022, 39.9% was generated by our specialty long-tail segment, 54.8% by the specialty short-tail segment and 5.3% by the reinsurance segment.

## Disciplined risk selection

Our  underwriting  approach  combines  decades  of  customized  underwriting  experience  of  our  management  and  underwriting  teams  with sophisticated modelling tools that utilize actuarial data across all of our lines of business. Our analytical pricing framework is embedded in our business and is incorporated into our pricing metrics, underwriting and risk management. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 70.3% of our business was individually underwritten where our underwriters analyzed submissions and determined if the underlying risk of each contract met our overall risk and profitability requirements. In addition, 24.4% was sourced through Managing General Agents, that are required to strictly adhere to our narrowly defined underwriting criteria and return thresholds and only 5.3% was originated through reinsurance treaties. We believe that our analytically-driven underwriting approach has been the foundation of our ability to generate attractive risk-adjusted underwriting margins.

## Prudent risk management framework

We  reduce  the  volatility  of  our  operating  results  and  manage  our  exposure  to  catastrophe  events  through  several  risk  mitigation  strategies, including the purchase of reinsurance from highly-rated reinsurers. We believe that our reinsurance program provides appropriate levels of protection and visibility into our earnings. In addition, our reinsurance coverage is highly tailored according to the underlying exposure.

## Scalable technology-enabled operating platform

Operating a technology-enabled platform utilizing a 'hub-approach' of maintaining a single profit center in Amman, Jordan has enabled us to optimize our cost base by offering cost-efficient central services. We have invested in technology that has identifiable benefits for our business across underwriting, actuarial, risk, capital and pricing functions among others. Since 2015 we have implemented a digital transformation initiative to proactively adapt to market changes and industry shifts. This focus on technology has enhanced our approach to clients, brokers and regulators, allowing for greater ease of doing business and transparency.

## Our Strategy

We aim to continue creating superior long-term value for our shareholders by pursuing the following strategies:

## Expand our presence in existing markets

Our size relative to the market opportunity positions us to execute on our strategy of growing in our already existing profitable markets and lines of business.  We believe that we are well-positioned  in the  London and  Middle Eastern markets to capitalize on the increasing focus  in those markets on portfolio  remediation  to  improve  underwriting  profitability.  In  addition,  we  believe  we  are  beneficiaries  of  capacity  reductions  and  withdrawals  from specific classes of businesses by certain (re)insurers. Our differentiated product offerings, superior client service and robust capital position support our strategy to continue growing in our existing core markets.

## Expand our presence to new specialty lines of business and markets

We seek to leverage our proven advantages of technical underwriting, local market knowledge, distribution relationships and financial strength to grow into adjacent lines and markets. We continually seek to evaluate additional lines of business and markets that will complement our core competencies and where we believe we can generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. For example, in 2021, we started underwriting our contingency line of business, which  produced  $3.5  million  of  premiums  in  2021  and  $10.9 million  of  premiums  in  2022.  In  2021,  we  acquired  our  Malta  subsidiary  giving  us  the capability to continue to underwrite business throughout the European Economic Area ('EEA'). In addition, our expansion into Kuala Lumpur has opened up new business opportunities that will further strengthen our offerings in the Asia Pacific region. In April 2020, we expanded into the U.S. market and began writing excess and surplus lines of business. Most recently, we have entered into an agreement to acquire EIO, a managing general agency duly incorporated under the laws of Norway.

## Maintain balance sheet strength and thorough reserves assessment

Our balance sheet strength underpins our clients' confidence in our business and uniquely positions us among other insurers and reinsurers of our size. We maintain a conservative balance sheet, which reflects our rigorous reserving practices, use of reinsurance and conservative investment policy. Our business  profile  including  our  well-diversified  and  profitable  book  of  business,  along  with  our  strong  capitalization,  among  other  factors,  led  to 'A' (Excellent)/Stable and 'A-'/Stable ratings by A.M. Best and S&amp;P Global Ratings, respectively.

We have a thorough reserving adequacy assessment process designed and overseen by qualified internal actuaries. The reserving committee is responsible to the board of directors for the governance of the reserving process and for the recommendation of the quantum of claims reserves to be booked. The committee includes members of senior management who represent underwriting, claims, outward reinsurance and finance. Key inputs to the committee include, but are not limited to, the quarterly actuarial reserve review, presented by the Group chief actuary, and discussions with the heads of claims, reinsurance and underwriting. Our policy is to reserve to a 'best estimate' basis.

## Maintain our conservative investment strategy

We  have  a  conservative  investment  strategy,  maintaining  a  short-to-medium  term  investment  portfolio  maturity  profile  with  the  purpose  of providing sufficient liquidity and stable returns with limited volatility. We follow an 'underwriting first' model and have designed an investment strategy that  allows  us  to  maximize  our  underwriting  profits  in  a  capital  efficient  manner.  As  of  December 31,  2022,  our  investment  portfolio  was  comprised primarily of cash and fixed income securities. Cash (including cash equivalents and term deposits) represented 43.9% of our invested assets and fixed income securities represented 49.6% of our invested assets as of December 31, 2022. Our fixed income portfolio is geographically diverse with an average maturity of 3 years, with 69.1% of the securities in our portfolio having an S&amp;P Global Ratings rating of 'A' and above as of December 31, 2022.

## Continue to purchase conservative reinsurance coverage, while optimizing for risk-adjusted returns

We believe that protecting our earnings and balance sheet through the use of reinsurance is critical in ensuring that we are able to meet obligations to our policyholders and generate strong returns for our shareholders. We are active purchasers of reinsurance and seek to find opportunities to maximize risk-adjusted results by finding dislocations and inefficiencies in the market. We plan to maintain a conservative, robust reinsurance program to help ensure that we are adequately protected against potential catastrophe losses while minimizing the volatility of our operating results.

## Our Segments

We conduct our worldwide operations through three reportable segments under IFRS segment reporting: Specialty Long-tail, Specialty Short-tail and Reinsurance.

Our Specialty Long-tail segment includes (a) our professional lines (non-U.S.) business, which includes our professional indemnity, directors and officers, legal expenses and other casualty lines of business, (b) our financial institutions line of business, (c) our marine liability line of business and (d) our inherent defects insurance line of business. The lines of business in our specialty long-tail segment are generally characterized by claims that are often reported  and  ultimately  paid  or  settled years,  or  even  decades,  after  the  related  loss  events  occur.  As  a  general  rule,  estimates  of  accident  year  or underwriting year ultimate losses for long-tail businesses are notably more uncertain than those for short-tail businesses.

Our  Specialty  Short-tail  segment  includes  our  energy  (upstream,  downstream,  power  and  renewable),  property,  construction  and  engineering, political violence, ports and terminals, marine cargo, contingency and general aviation lines of business. The lines of business in our specialty short-tail segment generally include exposures for which losses are usually known and paid within a relatively short period of time after the underlying loss event has occurred. The underlying loss events typically tend to be of lower frequency and higher severity.

Our Reinsurance segment includes our inward reinsurance treaty business.

In  addition,  we  have  a  corporate  function  ('Corporate'),  which  includes  the  activities  of  the  parent  company,  and  which  carries  out  certain functions, including investment management. Corporate includes investment income on a managed basis and other non-segment expenses, predominantly general and administrative, stock compensation, finance and transaction expenses. Corporate also includes the activities of certain key executives such as the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer.  Our  corporate  expenses  and  investment  results  are  presented  separately  within  the  corporate segment section.

## Specialty Long-tail Segment

## Professional Lines

Our professional lines of business represented approximately 32.9% and 34.8% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Major  subclasses  within  the  professional  lines  of  business  include  directors'  and  officers'  insurance,  legal  expenses,  professional  indemnity, comprehensive  commercial  general  liability,  public  liability,  product  liability,  employers'  liability,  workers'  compensation,  event  liability,  completed operations liability and media and advertising liability. We primarily underwrite professional lines risks from Europe and the UK on a 'primary' basis, meaning that loss up to a limit is covered primarily, or on an excess-of-loss basis.

## Financial Institutions

Our financial institutions  line  of  business represented  approximately  4.9%  and  6.6% of  our  GWP for  the years  ended  December 31,  2022 and 2021, respectively.

The financial institutions business covers a range of risks including bankers' blanket bond, financial institutions professional indemnity, financial institutions directors' &amp; officers' liability, plastic card fraud, electronic computer crime, vault risk, cash in transit, commercial crime and fidelity guarantee, and money.

## Marine Liability

Our marine liability line of business represented approximately 0.6% of our GWP for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

Our marine liability portfolio covers third party liabilities related to marine risks, including ship repairer's liability, ship owner's protection and indemnity, Wharfinger's liability, Stevedore's liability, Charterer's liability and port and terminal excess liability. We focus our marine liability portfolio predominantly on Asia and Europe.

## Inherent Defects Insurance

Our inherent defects insurance line of business represented approximately 1.5% and 1.8% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our inherent defects insurance portfolio covers inherent defects insurance and insurance backed guarantee risks. We focus our inherent defects insurance portfolio predominantly on the UK and Europe.

## Specialty Short-tail Segment

## Energy

Our energy businesses represented approximately 20.2% and 19.1% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have a lead capability in both upstream energy and downstream energy (oil &amp; gas, petrochemicals, refining, conventional power and renewable energy), with a maximum exposure of $75 million and $50 million for any single risk in upstream and downstream energy, respectively. We have a strong presence in major energy insurance hubs and in 2018 began underwriting renewable energy.

Our upstream energy team covers the oil and gas industry both offshore and onshore. Our industry knowledge and products allow us to service a broad spectrum of clients involved with the construction, exploration &amp; production, operating, contracting and decommissioning industries. Our focus is on operators and companies with proven track records and strong risk management policies worldwide, with a particular focus in the Middle East, the wider Afro-Asian region and Scandinavia, excluding named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico area. We have a strong presence in major energy insurance hubs, namely the United Kingdom, Norway, the United Arab Emirates and Malaysia. Our clients in the upstream energy line of business include major oil and gas corporations, national and state-owned oil and gas operations, independent oil and gas companies, integrated energy companies, contractors and service industry companies.

Our downstream energy business provides expert insurance for a wide range of onshore energy plants around the world, with a particular focus in the Middle East, Afro-Asian, European and Latin American regions. We underwrite a portfolio of predominantly operating risks in the onshore energy sector, with an emphasis on operators and companies with proven track records and strong risk management policies, with a geographically diversified portfolio. Our clients in the downstream energy line of business include petrochemical operators, oil refineries, utilities, independent power producer (IPP) companies and energy pipeline operators. We insure a spread of operational risks including machinery breakdown and property damage, and associated loss of revenues.

We began underwriting renewable energy in 2018. Our renewable energy business provides expert insurance for a wide range of risks including: wind power (onshore and offshore), solar  power (photovoltaic, concentrated, thermal and floating),  bioenergy (biomass,  biogas, biofuels and waste-toenergy),  hydro,  geothermal,  wave &amp;  tidal,  battery  storage,  and  other  emerging  technologies,  e.g.  energy  efficiency.  We  cover  the  full  life-cycle  of  a renewable  energy  project,  namely  construction,  marine  and  inland  transit,  operational  and  decommissioning,  including  associated  loss  of  revenues, liabilities, as well as natural catastrophe risks. We write business on a worldwide basis.

## Property

Our property business represented approximately 15.1% and 14.5% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our property offering includes coverage for physical damage, machinery breakdown, business interruption and forestry. We cover a wide variety of risks from large hotels to industrial manufacturing. Our clients include a wide range of businesses involved in sectors such as leisure, commercial and industrial property, manufacturing, heavy industry and infrastructure, civil works and communications.

## Construction &amp; Engineering

Our construction and engineering business represented approximately 5.4% and 5.7% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our construction and engineering line of business provides coverage with respect to construction all risks (CAR), civil engineering completed risks (CECR), machinery breakdown and business interruption (MB/BI), erection all risks (EAR) and contractors' plant and equipment (CPE/CPM). We focus our construction &amp; engineering portfolio on construction all risks and erection all risks.

## Political Violence

Our  political  violence  portfolio  represented  approximately  2.0%  and  1.7%  of  our  GWP  for  the years  ended  December 31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

Our  political  violence  line  of  business  focuses  on  comprehensive  sabotage  and  terrorism,  strikes,  riots,  civil  commotions,  malicious  damage, missing mutiny, coup d'etat, insurrection, revolution, rebellion, war and civil war. Our offering does not normally include risks associated with nuclear, chemical or biological terrorism, trade disruption insurance or standalone contingent business interruption risks. Our coverage generally includes physical loss or damage, business interruption, debris removal and third party liability following a political violence peril.

## Ports and Terminals

Our  ports  and  terminals  business  represented  approximately  4.7%  and  5.4%  of  our  GWP  for  the years  ended  December 31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

Our current offerings in this line of business include the handling of equipment, damage to port property, business interruption and damage to port craft, marine trade, liabilities to authorities and other liabilities. We primarily serve port authorities, terminal operators, stevedores, warehouse operators and depot operators. This also includes a variety of organizations specializing in other aspects of the shipping industry, including freight forwarders, non-vessel operating common carriers, ship managers, ship agents and ship brokers.

## General Aviation

Our  general  aviation  business  represented  approximately  3.8%  and  3.7%  of  our  GWP  for  the years  ended  December 31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

Our general aviation portfolio covers worldwide commercial and industrial operations, including coverage for hull, hull and spares, war and allied perils, third party legal liability, general aviation premises, spares, passenger legal liability, personal accident and general aviation hangar keepers. We focus our general aviation portfolio on South and Central America, Europe, Asia and Africa.

## Marine Cargo

Our marine cargo line of business represented approximately 1.8% and 0.9% of our gross written premium for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our marine cargo portfolio covers general cargo, oil, machinery and equipment, project cargo, war on land and freight forwarders. We cover cargo for physical loss or damage while in transit by air, land or sea for importers, exporters and manufacturers. We have a worldwide focus for our marine cargo portfolio.

## Contingency

Our contingency line of business represented approximately 1.9% and 0.6% of our gross written premium for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our  contingency  portfolio  covers  all  risks  event  cancellation,  non-appearance,  event  terrorism  and  political  violence  perils,  named  peril cancellation, prize indemnity and bespoke non-physical damage business interruption, in each case excluding communicable disease. We have a worldwide focus for our contingency portfolio.

## Reinsurance Segment

Our reinsurance business represented approximately 5.3% and 4.4% of our GWP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Our reinsurance portfolio includes primarily underwritten programs related to the marine liability, energy, property, engineering, motor, casualty and aviation sectors, and is concentrated in the MENA region and the wider Afro-Asian and European markets. Our reinsurance portfolio is primarily written on a non-proportional or excess-of-loss basis. Property reinsurance forms the most significant portion of our overall treaty reinsurance portfolio.

## Our History

Our group was founded in 2001 and commenced operations in Jordan in 2002, underwriting business in the offshore energy, onshore energy, property, marine and engineering lines of business. In 2005, we raised $75 million of capital through a private placement and commenced underwriting our reinsurance portfolio. In 2006, we established a holding company in the DIFC and also established our Labuan branch, which is licensed to issue Labuan law-governed policies, including Islamic law-compliant re-takaful policies. In 2007, we established our Bermuda subsidiary and commenced underwriting our financial institutions portfolio. In 2009, we acquired SR Bishop which was renamed North Star Underwriting Limited ('North Star'). In 2009, we established our UK subsidiary, which commenced business in 2011. The UK subsidiary underwrites most of IGI's UK-governed policies and serves as an important point of contact for brokers based in London. In June 2021, we acquired our Malta subsidiary so that we could continue to underwrite throughout the European Union. In March 2023, we completed the acquisition of Norway-based managing general agency Energy Insurance Oslo AS ('EIO').

On March 17,  2020,  we  completed  the  Business  Combination  with  Tiberius,  as  a  result  of  which  each  of  IGI  Dubai  and  Tiberius  became  a subsidiary of the Company and the Company became a new public company owned by the prior stockholders of Tiberius and the prior shareholders of IGI Dubai. Upon consummation of the Business Combination, our common shares and warrants to purchase common shares were listed on Nasdaq.

## Platform Overview

We primarily underwrite business through IGI Bermuda, IGI UK and IGI Europe (which are subsidiaries of IGI Bermuda). Additionally, we issue Labuan-governed policies (through a capitalized Malaysian branch of IGI Bermuda) and are also licensed to issue Islamic re-takaful policies. The platforms through which IGI issues these policies are discussed below.

## IGI Bermuda

IGI's Bermuda-governed policies are issued pursuant to a license held by IGI Bermuda. The underwriting operations for the Bermuda-governed policies  are  located  in  IGI  Underwriting  Co.  Ltd.  ('IGI  Underwriting'),  which  is  registered  and  based  in  Amman,  Jordan.  When  a  Bermuda-governed policy is sourced through IGI's office in the United Kingdom, the policy is referred to the office in Amman for formal underwriting approval. IGI Dubai also has underwriting authority to underwrite Bermuda-governed policies through an underwriting agency agreement, subject to authority limits, and IGI Morocco operates a representative office of IGI Bermuda in Casablanca which is authorized to issue Bermuda governed policies. IGI Bermuda has three additional  wholly-owned  subsidiaries:  Specialty  Mall  Investment  Co.,  which  focuses  on  real  estate  properties,  development,  and  leasing,  IGI  Services Limited, which focuses on owning and chartering aircraft and EIO, writing a portfolio of energy and construction business in Norway.

## IGI UK

IGI's UK-governed policies are primarily underwritten by IGI UK based in London. IGI UK serves as an important point of contact for brokers based in London, through whom IGI sources the majority of its business. IGI also owns North Star, a specialty underwriting agency for writing marine liability and trade, war and special risks policies and which is based alongside IGI UK in IGI's London office. North Star is currently not transacting any business, but can easily be reactivated.

## IGI Labuan Branch

International  General  Insurance  Co.  Ltd - Labuan  Branch  (the  'Labuan  Branch'),  a  second-tier  reinsurer  registered  in  Labuan,  Malaysia,  is licensed  to  issue  Labuan  law-governed  policies,  including  Islamic  law-compliant  re-takaful  policies.  The  Labuan  Branch  obtained  the  approval  of  the Labuan Financial Services Authority to engage the Labuan Financial Services Authority's Shariah Supervisory Council as its internal Shariah advisory board, which is permitted under the Directive on Islamic Financial Business in the Labuan International Offshore Financial Center. IGI's Labuan-based operation is supported by an Asia Pacific hub in Kuala Lumpur, which also serves as a point of contact for local brokers in Asia. Both Labuan-governed policies and Bermuda-governed policies sourced through the Labuan Branch are referred to IGI's Amman office for underwriting approval.

## IGI Europe

IGI's Europe-governed policies are issued pursuant to a license held by IGI Europe. IGI Europe was acquired in 2021 in order to continue to underwrite business throughout the European Economic Area ('EEA') countries following the UK decision to withdraw from the EU ('Brexit').

## Representation and Intermediate Offices (Non-Risk Bearing Companies)

## IGI Morocco

IGI Bermuda operates a representative office of IGI Bermuda in Casablanca, which is regulated by Casablanca Finance City. Our Casablanca operations constitute our Africa hub and provide access to the Northern, Central and West African markets.

## IGI Dubai

IGI Dubai is authorized as a category four entity by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and it operates as a marketing and intermediate office of IGI Bermuda in Dubai. Our Dubai operations constitute our Middle East hub and provide access to the MENA region including the Gulf Cooperation Council markets.

## IGI Nordic AS (formerly, EIO)

IGI Nordic AS is a Norway-based managing general agency writing a portfolio of energy and construction business in Norway on behalf of IGI Bermuda.

## Underwriting

Our underwriting process is managed by our experienced management team, which adheres to strict process controls. We have assembled a team of experienced lead underwriters and claims personnel with significant regional and international experience. This diverse array of talent and experience creates strategic advantages with regard to local knowledge, protocols and methods of business production. We have rigorous acceptance criteria for our underwriting risk, and will exit or reduce exposures in lines of business or client types that do not perform in accord with our expectations.

Each risk submitted to an underwriter is assessed on its own merits. The experience and expertise of senior management and the underwriters are ultimately the determining factor in deciding whether to underwrite a given risk. As a result, we rely on our underwriters' discretion in acquiring business. However, when exercising their discretion, the underwriters take into account key considerations, some of which may include the following:

- the type and level of risk assumed;
- the nature of the insured's operations;
- the pricing of the policy submitted and the pricing trend of similar policies in the market;
- the quality and specifications of the insured's assets;
- the insured's risk management program, if necessary, and, if required, surveys to be conducted on the insured's assets and operations;
- the adequacy of the insured's credit rating;
- the general terms and conditions of the policy submitted, with a preference for standard market wordings and clauses;
- the insured's loss record, including the record of the insured's losses divided by total premiums ('Burn Cost Analysis');
- the experience of the underwriters from their prior dealings with the insured, broker or ceding company, as applicable;
- the experience and reputation of the broker submitting the risk;
- the legal and general economic conditions of the insured's country of domicile;
- the insured's geographical location and trading territories;
- the adequacy of available reinsurance coverage, including coverage for catastrophe and the total combined risks that could be involved in a single loss event;
- our catastrophic aggregation capacity; and
- the approval of the broker by the compliance department according to the onboarding policy and the necessary sanctions screening.

Pursuant to our delegated authority matrix, which sets underwriting limits for each line of business and each underwriter, the underwriters have the authority to enter into binding policies. If a policy exceeds the underwriter's limits, the policy is then referred to our officer who has the authority to bind the  policy.  Management also receives  periodic  reports  that  allow  them  to  oversee  the  business  and  identify  underwritings  that  deviate  from  acceptable parameters, providing management the opportunity to intervene to rectify such deviations. Monthly key performance indicator reports are reviewed by the management team to monitor the performance of the underwriting teams.

## Risk Management Strategy

We have a comprehensive risk management framework that defines the corporate risk appetite, risk strategy and the policies required to monitor, manage and mitigate the risk inherent in our business. In doing so, we aim to comply with corporate governance and industry best practice and to monitor risks  against  six  main  risk  objectives:  (i) ensuring  losses  remain  within  planned  limits,  (ii) ensuring  volatility  of  results  fall  within  planned  limits, (iii) compliance with existing and emerging regulatory requirements, (iv) preserving rating agency credit ratings, (v) maintaining adequate solvency and liquidity, and (vi) avoiding any reputational risk. Below is a summary of our current risk governance arrangements and risk management strategy.

We operate an integrated enterprise-wide risk management strategy designed to deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and efficient manner while providing a high level of policyholder protection. The execution of our integrated risk management strategy is based on:

- the  establishment  and  maintenance  of  an  internal  control  and  risk  management  system  based  on  a  three  lines  of  defence  approach  to  the allocation  of  responsibilities  between  risk  accepting  units  (first  line),  risk  management  activity  and  oversight  from  other  central  control functions (second line) and independent assurance (third line);
- identifying material risks to the achievement of our objectives including emerging risks;
- the articulation of our risk appetite and a suite of key risk limits for each material component of risk where appropriate;
- the cascading of risk appetite and key risk limits for material risks to each operating subsidiary and, where appropriate, risk accepting business units;
- measuring, monitoring, managing and reporting risk positions and trends;
- the use, subject to an understanding of their limitations, of a range of deterministic and stochastic modelling techniques to test the risk and capital implications of strategic and tactical business decisions; and
- stress and scenario testing designed to help us better understand and develop contingency plans for the potential effects of extreme events or combinations of events on capital adequacy and liquidity.

The main types of risks that we face are summarized as follows:

Insurance risk: Insurance risk includes the risks of inappropriate underwriting, ineffective management of underwriting, inadequate controls over exposure management in relation to catastrophic events and insufficient reserves for losses including claims incurred but not reported.

Market risk: The risk  of  variation  in  the  income  generated  by,  and  the  fair  value  of,  our  investment  portfolio,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  and derivative contracts including the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

Credit risk: The risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other party to incur a financial loss.

Liquidity risk: The risk that we will not be able to meet our commitments associated with insurance contracts and financial liabilities as they fall due.

Operational risk: The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, personnel or systems, or from external events.

Strategic risk: The risk of adverse impact on shareholder value or income and capital of adverse business decisions, poor execution or failure to respond to market changes.

Regulatory risk: The risk of non-compliance with regulatory requirements, including ensuring we understand and comply with changes to those requirements,  is  assessed  and  managed  as  an  operational  risk.  There  is  a  residual  risk  that  changes  in  regulation  could  impact  our  ability  to  operate profitably in some jurisdictions or some lines of business.

Taxation risk: The risk that we do not understand, plan for and manage our tax obligations is assessed and managed as operational risk. There is a residual risk that changes in taxation could impact our ability to operate profitably in some jurisdictions or some lines of business.

Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  (ESG)  risk: The  risk  that  environmental,  social  and  governance  factors  could  cause  reputational  or financial harm to our business.

Emerging risk: The risk that events or issues not previously identified or fully understood could impact our operations or financial results.

We divide risks into 'core' and 'non-core' risks. Core risks comprise those risks which are inherent in the operation of our business, including insurance risks in respect of our underwriting operations and market and liquidity risks in respect of our investment activity. We intentionally expose the Company to core risks with a view to generating shareholder value but seek to manage the resulting volatility in our earnings and financial condition within the limits defined by our risk appetite. However, these core risks are intrinsically difficult to measure and manage and we may not, therefore, be successful in  this  respect.  All  other  risks,  including  regulatory  and  operational  risks,  are  classified  as  non-core.  We  seek,  to  the  extent  we  regard  as  reasonably practicable and economically viable, to avoid or minimize our exposure to non-core risks.

## Marketing and Distribution

We source our business primarily through brokers, with 61% of 2022 premiums coming from five producing brokers. Given our regional focus, we also  make  use  of  a  range  of  smaller,  more  regional  brokers,  such  as  NASCO,  UIB,  Fenchurch  Faris  and  Chedid  Re.  Currently,  our  largest  broker relationships as measured by gross written premiums are with Arthur J. Gallagher, Aon, Willis, Lockton, Marsh and Howden Broking Group.

## Claims Management

We offer  prompt  and  professional  claims  service  to  our  policyholders  and  service  providers.  Our  claims  department  works  closely  with  our underwriting team in order to achieve a synchronized and efficient process for managing claims. Technology is deeply embedded in our claims process, improving accuracy and efficiency. Our systems allow us to review real-time, detailed information on our current claims activity across our Company.

The key responsibilities of our claims management department are to:

- process, manage and resolve reported insurance or reinsurance claims efficiently and accurately in order to ensure the proper application of intended coverage, reserve in a timely fashion for the probable ultimate cost of both indemnity and expense and make timely payments in the appropriate amount on those claims for which we are legally obligated to pay;
- select appropriate counsel and experts for claims and manage claims-related litigation and regulatory compliance;
- contribute to the underwriting process by collaborating with both underwriting teams and senior management in terms of the evolution of policy language and endorsements and providing claim-specific feedback and education regarding legal activities;
- contribute to the analysis and reporting of financial data and forecasts by collaborating with the finance and actuarial functions relating to the drivers of actual claim reserve developments and potential for financial exposures on known claims; and
- support our marketing efforts through the quality of our claims service and in person support to our underwriting offices globally.

## Reserving

When a claim is reported to us or when an event occurs, we establish loss reserves to cover our estimated ultimate losses under the insurance policies that we underwrite, and loss adjustment expenses relating to the investigation and settlement of policy claims. These reserves include estimates of the cost of the claims reported to us (case reserves) and estimates of the cost of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported ('IBNR') and are net of estimated related salvage, subrogation recoverables and reinsurance recoverables. The case reserve will represent an estimate of the expected settlement amount and will be based on information about the specific claim at that time. The estimate represents an informed judgment based on general industry case reserving practices, the experience and knowledge of the claims handler and practices of the claims team.

The following charts show the percentage breakdown of net case and IBNR including ULAE reserves as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

<!-- image -->

The reserving committee is responsible to the board of directors for the governance of the reserving process and for the recommendation of the quantum  of  claims  reserves  to  be  booked.  The  committee  includes  members  of  senior  management  who  represent  underwriting,  claims,  outward reinsurance and finance. The committee meets quarterly and agrees the carried reserve for each product line. Key inputs to the committee include but are not  limited  to  the  quarterly  actuarial  reserve  review,  presented  by  the  Group  chief  actuary,  and  discussions  with  the  heads  of  claims,  reinsurance  and underwriting. The committee also considers the findings of third-party independent actuarial reviews.

At present these reviews are undertaken every six months. In support of IGI's annual statutory submission to the BMA, a 'big four' actuarial consultant conducts an actuarial review of the loss reserves to support their statutory loss reserve opinion.

For additional information regarding our reserves, our reserves development and our reserves releasing, see ' Operating and Financial Review and Prospects - Reserves. '

## Investments

Investment income represents a component of our earnings. We collect premiums and are required to hold a portion of these funds in reserves until claims are paid. We invest these reserves primarily in fixed maturity investments. We manage most of our investment portfolio in-house, with the exception of approximately $18.2 million as of December 31, 2022 which is managed by a third party investment advisor. Our investment team is responsible for implementing our investment strategy as set by the investment committee established by our management.

Our investments include a sizeable portfolio of high quality and diversified fixed income securities, term deposits and to a lesser extent a modest allocation to equities, alternative funds and real estate holdings.

The following charts show the percentage breakdown of our investment assets by class as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

For additional information regarding our investments, see ' Operating and Financial Review and Prospects - Investments. '

<!-- image -->

## Reinsurance

We follow a common industry practice of reinsuring a portion of our exposures and paying to reinsurers a portion of the premiums received on the policies that we write. Reinsurance is purchased principally to reduce net liability on individual risks and to protect against catastrophic losses. Although reinsurance  does  not  legally  discharge  an  insurer  from  its  primary  liability  for  the  full  amount  of  the  policies,  it  does  make  the  assuming  reinsurer contractually liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance coverage. We monitor the financial condition of our reinsurers and attempt to place our coverages only with substantial, financially sound carriers. As a result, generally the reinsurers who reinsure our casualty insurance must have an A.M. Best rating of 'A' (Excellent) or better.

## Regulatory Overview

## Bermuda Regulatory Considerations

## Bermuda Insurance Regulation

The Insurance Act. The Insurance Act, which regulates the business of IGI Bermuda, provides that no person shall carry on insurance business in or from within Bermuda unless registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act by the BMA. The BMA, in deciding whether to grant registration, has broad discretion to act as it thinks fit in the public interest. The BMA is required by the Insurance Act to determine whether the applicant is a fit and proper body to be engaged in the insurance business and, in particular, whether it has, or has available to it, adequate knowledge and expertise. The registration of an applicant as an insurer is subject to its complying with the terms of its registration and such other conditions as the BMA may impose at any time. It is not necessary that the insurance company be incorporated in Bermuda. A foreign corporation may obtain a permit under the Companies Act to carry on business in Bermuda and then be registered as an insurer in Bermuda under the Insurance Act. (The Insurance Act does not distinguish between insurers and reinsurers: companies are registered (licensed) under the Insurance Act as 'insurers' (although in certain circumstances a condition to registration may be imposed to the effect the company may carry on only reinsurance business). The Insurance Act uses the defined term 'insurance business' to include reinsurance business. References  herein to insurance companies include reinsurance companies.) The Insurance Act also grants to the BMA powers to supervise,  investigate  and  intervene  in  the  affairs  of  insurance  companies.  An  Insurance  Advisory  Committee  appointed  by  the  Bermuda  Minister  of Finance advises the BMA on matters connected with the discharge of the BMA's functions and subcommittees thereof supervise, investigate and review the law  and  practice  of  insurance  in  Bermuda,  including  reviews  of  accounting  and  administrative  procedures.  The  Insurance  Act  imposes  on  Bermuda insurance companies' solvency and liquidity standards, as well as auditing and reporting requirements. Bermuda is a Solvency II equivalent jurisdiction, meaning that Bermuda's laws and regulations broadly mirror the requirements under the Solvency II regime. See ' Business - Regulatory Overview - UK Regulatory Framework ' and ' Operating and Financial Review and Prospects - Capital Requirements - PRA Requirements .' Certain significant aspects of the Bermuda insurance regulatory framework applicable to Class 3B insurers are set forth below.

Classification of Insurers. The Insurance Act distinguishes between insurers carrying on long-term business, insurers carrying on general business and insurers carrying on special purpose business. There are two classifications of insurers carrying on special purpose business: special purpose insurers and collateralized insurers.

There are several classifications of insurers carrying on general business ranging from Class 1 insurers (pure captives) to Class 4 insurers (large commercial underwriters).

There are also several classifications of insurers carrying on long-term business ranging from Class A insurers to Class E insurers.

Classification as a Class 3B Insurer. A body corporate is registrable as a Class 3B insurer where (i) 50% or more of its net premiums written or (ii) 50% or more of its net loss and loss expense provisions, represent unrelated business and its total net premiums written from unrelated business are $50,000,000 or more. IGI Bermuda is registered as a Class 3B insurer with the BMA in Bermuda and is regulated as such under the Insurance Act.

Minimum Paid-Up Share Capital. A Class 3B insurer is required to maintain fully paid up share capital of at least US$120,000.

Principal Representative and Principal Office. A Class 3B insurer is required to maintain a principal office and to appoint and maintain a resident principal representative in Bermuda. IGI Bermuda has appointed Marsh IAS Services (Bermuda) Ltd. as its principal representative. The address of IGI Bermuda's principal office is Park Place, 1st Floor, 55 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda. Without a reason acceptable to the BMA, an insurer may not terminate the appointment of its principal representative, and the principal representative may not cease to act as such, unless 30 days' notice in writing to the Authority is given of the intention to do so.

It  is  the  duty  of  the  principal  representative  to  forthwith  notify  the  BMA  where  the  principal  representative  reaches  the  view  that  there  is  a likelihood of the insurer (for which the principal representative acts) becoming insolvent, or on it coming to the knowledge of the principal representative, or the principal representative having reason to believe that a reportable 'event' has occurred. Examples of a reportable 'event' include a failure by the insurer to comply substantially with a condition imposed upon it by the BMA relating to a solvency margin or a liquidity or other ratio, a significant loss reasonably likely to cause the insurer to fail to comply with its enhanced capital requirement ('ECR') (discussed below) and the occurrence of a 'material change' (as such term is defined under the Insurance Act) in its business operations.

Within  14 days  of  such  notification  to  the  BMA,  the  principal  representative  must  furnish  the  BMA  with  a  written  report  setting  out  all  the particulars of the case that are available to the principal representative.

Where there has been a significant loss which is reasonably likely to cause the insurer to fail to comply with its ECR, the principal representative must also furnish the BMA with a capital and solvency return reflecting an ECR prepared using post-loss data. The principal representative must provide this within 45 days of notifying the BMA regarding the loss.

Furthermore, where a notification has been made to the BMA regarding a material change, the principal representative has 30 days from the date of such notification to furnish the BMA with unaudited interim statutory financial statements in relation to such period as the BMA may require, together with a general business solvency certificate in respect of those statements.

Head Office. A Class 3B insurer is required to maintain its head office in Bermuda. In determining whether the insurer satisfies this requirement, the  BMA shall  consider,  inter  alia,  the  following  factors:  (i) where  the  underwriting,  risk  management  and  operational  decision  making  of  the  insurer occurs; (ii) whether the presence of senior executives who are responsible for, and involved in, the decision making related to the insurance business of the insurer are located in Bermuda; and (iii) where meetings of the board of directors of the insurer occur. In making its determination, the BMA may also have regard  to  (a) the  location  where  management  of  the  insurer  meets  to  effect  policy  decisions  of  the  insurer;  (b) the  residence  of  the  officers,  insurance managers or employees of the insurer; and (c) the residence of one or more directors of the insurer in Bermuda. This provision does not apply to an insurer that has a permit to conduct business in Bermuda under the Companies Act or the Non-Resident Insurance Undertakings Act 1967. IGI Bermuda's Head Office  remediation  plan  was  assessed.  It  was  concluded  that,  among  other  things,  there  must  be  a  frequent  presence  of  the  senior  executives  who  are responsible  for  and  involved  in  the  decision  making  related  to  the  insurance  business  in  Bermuda.  IGI  Bermuda  may  need  to  continue  to  enhance  its infrastructure in Bermuda to ensure that it is managed and directed from Bermuda, which may result in additional operational cost. IGI Bermuda's Head Office remediation plan may be changed based on additional guidance by the BMA, subsequent legislative requirements and/or any other governmental issuances which may affect the interpretation of the Head Office requirements and thus impact IGI Bermuda's remediation plan.

Loss Reserve Specialist. A Class 3B insurer is required to appoint an individual approved by the BMA to be its loss reserve specialist. In order to qualify as an approved loss reserve specialist, the applicant must be an individual qualified to provide an opinion in accordance with the requirements of the Insurance Act and the BMA must be satisfied that the individual is fit and proper to hold such an appointment.

The Class 3B insurer is required to submit annually an opinion of its approved loss reserve specialist with its capital and solvency return in respect of its total general business insurance technical provisions (i.e. the aggregate of its net premium provisions, net loss and loss expense provisions and risk margin, as each is reported in the insurer's statutory economic balance sheet). The loss reserve specialist's opinion must state, among other things, whether or not the aggregate amount of technical provisions shown in the statutory economic balance sheet as at the end of the relevant financial year (i) meets the requirements of the Insurance Act and (ii) makes reasonable provision for the total technical provisions of the insurer under the terms of its insurance contracts and agreements.

Annual  Financial  Statements. A  Class 3B  insurer  is  required  to  prepare  and  submit,  on  an  annual  basis,  audited  IFRS  or  GAAP  financial statements (as defined below) and audited statutory financial statements.

A  Class 3B  insurer  is  required  to  prepare  and  submit  to  the  BMA  financial  statements  which  have  been  prepared  under  generally  accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards ('GAAP financial statements').

The Insurance Act prescribes rules for the preparation and substance of statutory financial statements (which include, in statutory form, a balance sheet,  an  income  statement,  a  statement  of  capital  and  surplus  and  notes  thereto).  The  statutory  financial  statements  include  detailed  information  and analysis regarding premiums, claims, reinsurance and investments of the insurer.

The insurer's annual GAAP financial statements and the auditor's report thereon and the statutory financial statements are required to be filed with the BMA within four months from the end of the relevant financial year (unless specifically extended with the approval of the BMA).

The statutory financial statements do not form a part of the public records maintained by the BMA but the GAAP financial statements are available for public inspection.

Declaration of Compliance. At the time of filing its statutory financial statements, a Class 3B insurer is also required to deliver to the BMA a declaration of compliance, in such form and with such content as may be prescribed by the BMA, declaring whether or not the Class 3B insurer has, with respect to the preceding financial year (i) complied with all requirements of the minimum criteria applicable to it; (ii) complied with the minimum margin of  solvency  as  at  its  financial  year  end;  (iii) complied  with  the  applicable  ECR  as  at  its  financial  year  end;  (iv) complied  with  applicable  conditions, directions and restrictions imposed on, or approvals granted to, the Class 3B insurer; and (v) complied with the minimum liquidity ratio for general business as at its financial year end. The declaration of compliance is required to be signed by two directors of the Class 3B insurer, and if the Class 3B insurer has failed to comply with any of the requirements referenced in (i) through (v) above or observe any limitations, restrictions or conditions imposed upon the issuance of its license, if applicable, the Class 3B insurer will be required to provide the BMA with particulars of such failure in writing. A Class 3B insurer shall  be  liable  to  civil  penalty  by  way  of  a  fine  for  failure  to  comply  with  a  duty  imposed  on  it  in  connection  with  the  delivery  of  the  declaration  of compliance.

Annual Statutory Financial Return and Annual Capital and Solvency Return. A Class 3B insurer is required to file with the BMA a statutory financial return no later than four months after its financial year end (unless specifically extended with the approval of the BMA).

The  statutory  financial  return  of  a  Class 3B  insurer  shall  consist  of  (i) an  insurer  information  sheet,  (ii) an  auditor's  report,  (iii) the  statutory financial statements and (iv) notes to the statutory financial statements.

The insurer information sheet shall state, among other matters, (i) whether the general purpose financial statements of the insurer for the relevant year have been audited and an unqualified opinion issued, (ii) the minimum margin of solvency applying to the insurer and whether such margin was met, (iii) whether or not the minimum liquidity ratio applying to the insurer for the relevant year was met and (iv) whether or not the insurer has complied with every condition attached to its certificate of registration. The insurer information sheet shall state if any of the questions identified in items (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is answered in the negative, whether or not the insurer has taken corrective action in any case and, where the insurer has taken such action, describe the action in an attached statement.

The directors are required to certify whether the minimum solvency margin has been met, and the independent approved auditor is required to state whether in its opinion it was reasonable for the directors to make this certification.

Where an insurer's accounts have been audited for any purpose other than compliance with the Insurance Act, a statement to that effect must be filed with the statutory financial return.

In addition, each year the insurer is required to file with the BMA a capital and solvency return along with its annual statutory financial return. The prescribed form of capital and solvency return comprises the insurer's Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement ('BSCR') model or an approved internal capital model in lieu thereof (more fully described below), together with such schedules as prescribed by the Insurance (Prudential Standards) (Class 4 and Class 3B Solvency Requirement) Rules 2008, as amended from time to time.

Neither the statutory financial return nor the capital and solvency return is available for public inspection.

Quarterly Financial Return. A Class 3B insurer, not otherwise subject to group supervision, is required to prepare and file quarterly financial returns  with  the  BMA  on  or  before  the  last day  of  the months  of  May,  August  and  November  of  each  year.  The  quarterly  financial  returns  consist  of (i) quarterly unaudited financial statements for each financial quarter (which must minimally include a balance sheet and income statement and must also be recent and not reflect a financial position that exceeds two months) and (ii) a list and details of material intra-group transactions that the insurer is a party to and the insurer's risk concentrations that have materialized since the most recent quarterly or annual financial returns, details surrounding all intra-group reinsurance and retrocession arrangements and other intra-group risk transfer insurance business arrangements that have materialized since the most recent quarterly  or  annual  financial  returns  and  (iii) details  of  the  ten  largest  exposures  to  unaffiliated  counterparties  and  any  other  unaffiliated  counterparty exposures exceeding 10% of the insurer's statutory capital and surplus.

Public Disclosures. Pursuant to the Insurance Act, all commercial insurers and insurance groups are required to prepare and file with the BMA, and also publish on their website, a financial condition report. The BMA has discretion to approve modifications and exemptions to the public disclosure rules,  on  application  by  the  insurer  if,  among  other  things,  the  BMA  is  satisfied  that  the  disclosure  of  certain  information  will  result  in  a  competitive disadvantage or compromise confidentiality obligations of the insurer.

Independent Approved Auditor. A Class 3B insurer must appoint an independent auditor who will audit and report on the insurer's GAAP financial statements and statutory financial statements, each of which are required to be filed annually with the BMA. The auditor must be approved by the BMA as the independent auditor of the insurer. If the insurer fails to appoint an approved auditor or at any time fails to fill a vacancy for such auditor, the BMA may appoint an approved auditor for the insurer and shall fix the remuneration to be paid to the approved auditor within 14 days, if not agreed sooner by the insurer and the auditor. IGI Bermuda's BMA-approved independent auditor is Ernst &amp; Young.

Non-insurance Business. No Class 3B insurer may engage in non-insurance business unless that non-insurance business is ancillary to its core business. Non-insurance business means any business other than insurance business and includes carrying on investment business, managing an investment fund as  operator,  carrying  on  business  as  a  fund  administrator,  carrying  on  banking  business,  underwriting  debt  or  securities  or  otherwise  engaging  in investment banking, engaging in commercial or industrial activities and carrying on the business of management, sales or leasing of real property.

Minimum Liquidity Ratio. The Insurance Act provides a minimum liquidity ratio for general business insurers. A Class 3B insurer engaged in general business is required to maintain the value of its relevant assets at not less than 75% of the amount of its relevant liabilities. Relevant assets include cash and time deposits, quoted investments, unquoted bonds and debentures, first liens on real estate, investment income due and accrued, accounts and premiums receivable, reinsurance balances receivable, funds held by ceding reinsurers and any other assets which the BMA, on application in any particular case made to it with reasons, accepts in that case.

There are certain categories of assets which, unless specifically permitted by the BMA, do not automatically qualify as relevant assets, such as unquoted equity securities, investments in and advances to affiliates and real estate and collateral loans.

The  relevant  liabilities  are  total  general  business  insurance  reserves  and  total  other  liabilities  less  deferred  income  taxes  and  letters  of  credit, guarantees and other instruments.

Minimum Solvency Margin and Enhanced Capital Requirements. The Insurance Act provides that the value of the statutory assets of an insurer must exceed the value of its statutory liabilities by an amount greater than its prescribed minimum solvency margin ('MSM').

The MSM that must be maintained by a Class 3B insurer with respect to its general business is the greater of (i) $1,000,000, or (ii) 20% of the first $6,000,000 of net premiums written; if in excess of $6,000,000, the figure is $1,200,000 plus 15% of net premiums written in excess of $6,000,000 or (iii) 15% of the aggregate of net loss and loss expense provisions and other insurance reserves or (iv) 25% of the ECR (as defined below) as reported at the end of the relevant year.

Class 3B insurers are also required to maintain available statutory economic capital and surplus at a level equal to or in excess of its ECR which is established by reference to either the BSCR model or an approved internal capital model.

The BSCR model is a risk-based capital model which provides a method for determining an insurer's capital requirements (statutory economic capital  and  surplus)  by  taking  into  account  the  risk  characteristics  of  different  aspects  of  the  insurer's  business.  The  BSCR  formula  establishes  capital requirements for ten categories of risk: fixed income investment risk, equity investment risk, interest rate/liquidity risk, currency risk, concentration risk, premium risk, reserve risk, credit risk, catastrophe risk and operational risk. For each category, the capital requirement is determined by applying factors to asset, premium, reserve, creditor, probable maximum loss and operation items, with higher factors applied to items with greater underlying risk and lower factors for less risky items.

While not specifically referred to in the Insurance Act (or required thereunder), the BMA has also established a target capital level ('TCL') for each Class 3B insurer equal to 120% of its ECR. The TCL serves as an early warning tool for the BMA and failure to maintain statutory capital at least equal to the TCL will likely result in increased regulatory oversight.

Any Class 3B insurer which at any time fails to meet its MSM requirements must, upon becoming aware of such failure, immediately notify the BMA and, within 14 days thereafter, file a written report with the BMA containing particulars of the circumstances that gave rise to the failure and setting out its plan detailing specific actions to be taken and the expected timeframe in which the insurer intends to rectify the failure.

Any Class 3B insurer which at any time fails to meet its applicable ECR shall, upon becoming aware of that failure, or of having reason to believe that  such  a  failure  has  occurred,  immediately  notify  the  BMA  in  writing  and  within  14 days  of  such  notification  file  with  the  BMA  a  written  report containing particulars of the circumstances leading to the failure; and a plan detailing the manner, specific actions to be taken and time within which the insurer intends to rectify the failure and within 45 days of becoming aware of that failure, or of having reason to believe that such a failure has occurred, furnish the BMA with (i) unaudited statutory economic balance sheets and unaudited interim statutory financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP covering such period as the BMA may require; (ii) the opinion of a loss reserve specialist in relation to the total general business insurance technical provisions as set out in the economic balance sheet, where applicable; (iii) a general business solvency certificate in respect of the financial statements; and (iv) a capital and solvency return reflecting an ECR prepared using post failure data where applicable.

Eligible Capital. To enable the BMA to better assess the quality of the insurer's capital resources, a Class 3B insurer is required to disclose the makeup of its capital in accordance with the recently introduced '3-tiered eligible capital system'. Under this system, all of the insurer's capital instruments will be classified as either basic or ancillary capital which in turn will be classified into one of three tiers based on their 'loss absorbency' characteristics. Highest quality capital will be classified as Tier 1 Capital, and lesser quality capital will be classified as either Tier 2 Capital or Tier 3 Capital. Under this regime, up to certain specified percentages of Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 Capital may be used to support the Class 3B insurer's MSM, ECR and TCL.

The characteristics of the capital instruments that must be satisfied to qualify as Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 Capital are set out in the Insurance (Eligible Capital) Rules 2012, and amendments thereto. Under these rules, Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 Capital may, until January 1, 2026, include capital instruments that do not satisfy the requirement that the instrument be non-redeemable or settled only with the issuance of an instrument of equal or higher quality upon a breach, or if it would cause a breach, of the ECR.

Where the BMA has previously approved the use of certain instruments for capital purposes, the BMA's consent will need to be obtained if such instruments are to remain eligible for use in satisfying the MSM and the ECR.

Code of  Conduct. The Insurance  Code  of  Conduct  (the  'Insurance  Code  of  Conduct')  prescribes  the  duties,  standards,  procedures  and  sound business principles with which all insurers registered under the Insurance Act must comply. The BMA will assess IGI Bermuda's compliance with the Insurance Code of Conduct in a proportional manner relative to the nature, scale and complexity of its business. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Insurance Code of Conduct will be taken into account by the BMA in determining whether IGI Bermuda is conducting its business in a sound and prudent manner as prescribed by the Insurance Act, may result in the BMA exercising its powers of intervention and investigation (see below) and will be a factor in calculating the operational risk charge under the insurer's BSCR or approved internal model. In December 2021, the BMA released a consultation paper on the revisions to the Insurance Code of Conduct and following a review of the public consultation feedback, the revisions to the Insurance Code of Conduct were finalized and became effective on 31 August 2022 (with a six-month transition period for conduct-related additions and a 12-month transition period  to  comply  with  the  new  provisions/amendments  of  all  other  sections  of  the  document).  The  most  significant  changes  to  the  Insurance  Code  of Conduct  relate  to  corporate  governance,  including  introducing  a  requirement  that  an  insurer,  such  as  IGI  Bermuda,  include  an  appropriate  number  of independent  non-executive  directors  on  its  board.  The  BMA  clarified  that  the  revisions  would  not  create  a  requirement  for  independent  non-executive directors for all boards, but would be influenced by a number of factors, including the nature, size and complexity of the insurer's business, its business model and whether it is a part of an insurance group. The Insurance Code of Conduct was also amended to require board members to review and assess the fitness and propriety of board membership, committees, and chief and senior executives at least every three (3) years and/or upon a material change to business activities or  risk  profile.  Other  changes  include  a  requirement  for  insurers,  such  as  IGI  Bermuda,  to  demonstrate  the economic  impact  of risk mitigation techniques originating from reinsurance contracts and the addition of 'Sustainability Risk' as a material risk that should be considered in risk management strategies.

Cyber Risk Code of Conduct .  The  BMA has recognized that cyber incidents can cause significant  financial losses and/or reputational impacts across the insurance industry and has implemented the Insurance Sector Operational Cyber Risk Management Code of Conduct (the 'Cyber Risk Code') to ensure that those operating in the Bermuda insurance sector can mitigate such risks. The Cyber Risk Code prescribes the duties, requirements, standards, procedures  and  principles  which  all  insurers,  insurance  managers  and  insurance  intermediaries  (agents,  brokers  and  insurance  market  place  providers) registered under the Insurance Act must comply. The Cyber Risk Code is designed to promote the stable and secure management of information technology systems of regulated entities and requires that all registrants  implement their own  technology risk  programmes, determine what their top risks are and develop an appropriate risk response. This requires all registrants to develop a cyber risk policy which is to be delivered pursuant to an operational cyber risk  management  programme and appoint an appropriately  qualified  member  of  staff  or  outsourced  resource  to  the  role  of  Chief  Information  Security Officer. The role of the Chief Information Security Officer is to deliver the operational cyber risk management programme.

It is expected that the cyber risk policy will be approved by the registrant's board of directors at least annually. The BMA will assess a registrant's compliance with the Cyber Risk Code in a proportionate manner relative to the nature, scale and complexity of its business. While it is acknowledged that some registrants will use a third party to provide technology services and that they may outsource their IT resources (for example, to an insurance manager where applicable), when so outsourced, the overall responsibility for the outsourced functions will remain with the registrant's board of directors. Failure to comply with the requirements of the Cyber Risk Code will be taken into account by the BMA in determining whether a registrant is conducting its business in a sound and prudent manner, as prescribed by the Insurance Act, and may result in the BMA exercising its powers of intervention and investigation.

Restrictions on Dividends and Distributions. A Class 3B insurer is prohibited from declaring or paying a dividend if it is in breach of its MSM, ECR or minimum liquidity ratio or if the declaration or payment of such dividend would cause such a breach. Where an insurer fails to meet its MSM or minimum liquidity ratio on the last day of any financial year, it will be prohibited from declaring or paying any dividends during the next financial year without the approval of the BMA.

In addition, a Class 3B insurer is prohibited from declaring or paying in any financial year dividends of more than 25% of its total statutory capital and surplus (as shown on its previous financial year's statutory balance sheet) unless it files (at least seven days before payment of such dividends) with the BMA an affidavit signed by at least two  directors  (one  of  whom  must  be  a  Bermuda  resident  director  if  any  of  the  insurer's  directors  are  resident  in Bermuda) and the principal representative stating that it will continue to meet its solvency margin and minimum liquidity ratio. Where such an affidavit is filed, it shall be available for public inspection at the offices of the BMA.

Reduction  of  Capital. No  Class 3B  insurer  may  reduce  its  total  statutory  capital  by  15%  or  more,  as  set  out  in  its  previous  year's  financial statements, unless it has received the prior approval of the BMA. Total statutory capital consists of the insurer's paid in share capital, its contributed surplus (sometimes called additional paid in capital) and any other fixed capital designated by the BMA as statutory capital (such as letters of credit).

A Class 3B insurer seeking to reduce its statutory capital by 15% or more, as set out in its previous year's financial statements, is also required to submit an affidavit signed by at least two directors (one of whom must be a Bermuda resident director if any of the insurer's directors are resident in Bermuda)  and  the  principal  representative  stating  that  the  proposed  reduction  will  not  cause  the  insurer  to  fail  its  relevant  margins  and  such  other information as the BMA may require. Where such an affidavit is filed, it shall be available for public inspection at the offices of the BMA.

Policyholder Priority. In the event of a liquidation or winding up of an insurer, policyholders' liabilities receive prior payment ahead of general unsecured creditors. Subject to the prior payment of preferential debts under the Employment Act 2000 and the Companies Act, the insurance debts of an insurer must be paid in priority to all other unsecured debts of the insurer. Insurance debt is defined as a debt to which an insurer is or may become liable pursuant to an insurance contract, excluding debts owed to an insurer under an insurance contract where the insurer is the person insured. Insurance contract is defined as any contract of insurance, capital redemption contract or a contract that has been recorded as insurance business in the financial statements of the insurer pursuant to the Insurance Accounts 1980 or the Insurance Account Rules 2016, as applicable.

Fit and Proper Controllers. The BMA maintains supervision over the controllers of all registered insurers in Bermuda.

A controller includes (i) the managing director of the registered insurer or its parent company; (ii) the chief executive of the registered insurer or of its  parent company; (iii) a shareholder controller; and (iv) any person in accordance with whose directions or instructions the directors of the registered insurer or of its parent company are accustomed to act.

The definition of shareholder controller is set out in the Insurance Act but generally refers to (i) a person who holds 10% or more of the shares carrying rights to vote at a shareholders' meeting of the registered insurer or its parent company, or (ii) a person who is entitled to exercise 10% or more of the voting power at any shareholders' meeting of such registered insurer or its parent company, or (iii) a person who is able to exercise significant influence over the management of the registered insurer or its parent company by virtue of its shareholding or its entitlement to exercise, or control the exercise of, the voting power at any shareholders' meeting.

A shareholder controller that owns 10% or more but less than 20% of the shares as described above is defined as a 10% shareholder controller; a shareholder controller that owns 20% or more but less than 33% of the shares as described above is defined as a 20% shareholder controller; a shareholder controller  that  owns  33%  or  more  but  less  than  50%  of  the  shares  as  described  above  is  defined  as  a  33%  shareholder  controller;  and  a  shareholder controller that owns 50% or more of the shares as described above is defined as a 50% shareholder controller.

Where the shares of the registered insurer, or the shares of its parent company, are traded on a recognized stock exchange, and a person becomes a 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% shareholder controller of the insurer, that person shall, within 45 days, notify the BMA in writing that he has become such a controller. In addition, a person who is a shareholder controller of a Class 3B insurer whose shares or the shares of its parent company (if any) are traded on a recognized stock exchange must serve on the BMA a notice in writing that he has reduced or disposed of his holding in the insurer where the proportion of voting rights in the insurer held by him will have reached or has fallen below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50% as the case may be, not later than 45 days after such disposal.

Where the shares of an insurer, or the shares of its parent company, are not traded on a recognized stock exchange (i.e. private companies), the Insurance Act prohibits a person from becoming a shareholder controller unless he has first served on the BMA notice in writing stating that he intends to become such a controller and the BMA has either, before the end of 45 days following the date of notification, provided notice to the proposed controller that it does not object to his becoming such a controller or the full 45 days has elapsed without the BMA filing an objection. Where neither the shares of the insurer nor the shares of its parent company (if any) are traded on any stock exchange, the Insurance Act prohibits a person who is a shareholder controller of a Class 3B insurer from reducing or disposing of his holdings where the proportion of voting rights held by the shareholder controller in the insurer will reach or fall below 10%, 20%, 33% or 50%, as the case may be, unless that shareholder controller has served on the BMA a notice in writing stating that he intends to reduce or dispose of such holding.

Any person who contravenes the Insurance Act by failing to give notice or knowingly becoming a controller of any description before the required 45 days has elapsed is guilty of an offence and liable to a fine of $25,000 on summary conviction.

The BMA may file a notice of objection to any person who has become a controller of any description where it appears that such person is not, or is no longer, a fit and proper person to be a controller of the registered insurer. Before issuing a notice of objection, the BMA is required to serve upon the person concerned a preliminary written notice stating the BMA's intention to issue formal notice of objection. Upon receipt of the preliminary written notice, the person served may, within 28 days, file written representations with the BMA which shall be taken into account by the BMA in making its final determination. Any person who continues to be a controller of any description after having received a notice of objection shall be guilty of an offence and shall  be  liable  on  summary  conviction  to  a  fine  of  $25,000  (and  a  continuing  fine  of  $500  per day  for  each day  that  the  offence  is  continuing)  or,  if convicted on indictment, to a fine of $100,000 and/or two years in prison.

Notification by Registered Person of Change of Controllers and Officers. All registered insurers are required to give written notice to the BMA of the fact that a person has become, or ceased to be, a controller or officer of the registered insurer within 45 days of becoming aware of such fact. An officer in  relation  to  a  registered  insurer  means  a  director,  chief  executive  or  senior  executive  performing  duties  of  underwriting,  actuarial,  risk  management, compliance, internal audit, finance or investment matters.

Notification of Cyber Reporting Events. Every insurer is required to notify the BMA forthwith on it coming to the knowledge of the insurer, or where the insurer has reason to believe that a Cyber Reporting Event has occurred. Within 14 days of such notification the insurer must also furnish the BMA with a written report setting out all of the particulars of the Cyber Reporting Event that are available to it. A Cyber Reporting Event includes any act that results in the unauthorised access to, disruption, or misuse of electronic systems or information stored on such systems of an insurer, including breach of security leading to the loss or unlawful destruction or unauthorised disclosure of or access to such systems or information where there is a likelihood of an adverse impact to policyholders, clients or the insurer's insurance business, or an event that has occurred for which notice is required to be provided to a regulatory body or government agency.

Notification of Other Events. Every insurer is required to forthwith notify the BMA on it coming to the knowledge of the insurer, or where the insurer  has  reason  to  believe  that  the  insurer  has  failed  to  comply  with  a  condition  imposed  upon  it  by  the  BMA  or  that  the  insurer,  or  a  shareholder controller or officer of the insurer is involved in any criminal proceedings whether in Bermuda or abroad.

Notification of Material Changes. All registered insurers are required to give notice to the BMA of their intention to effect a material change within  the  meaning  of  the  Insurance  Act.  For  the  purposes  of  the  Insurance  Act,  the  following  changes  are  material:  (i) the  transfer  or  acquisition  of insurance business being part of a scheme falling under section 25 of the Insurance Act or section 99 of the Companies Act, (ii) the amalgamation with or acquisition of another firm, (iii) engaging in unrelated business that is retail business, (iv) the acquisition of a controlling interest in an undertaking that is engaged in non-insurance business which offers services and products to persons who are not affiliates of the insurer, (v) outsourcing all or substantially all of the company's actuarial, risk management, compliance or internal audit functions, (vi) outsourcing all or a material part of an insurer's underwriting activity, (vii) the transfer, other than by way of reinsurance, of all or substantially all of a line of business, (viii) the expansion into a material new line of business, (ix) the sale of an insurer, and (x) outsourcing of an officer role.

No registered insurer shall take any steps to give effect to a material change unless it has first served notice on the BMA that it intends to effect such material change and before the end of 30 days, either the BMA has notified such company in writing that it has no objection to such change or that period has lapsed without the BMA having issued a notice of objection.

Before issuing a notice of objection, the BMA is required to serve upon the person concerned a preliminary written notice stating the BMA's intention  to  issue  a  formal  notice  of  objection.  Upon  receipt  of  the  preliminary  written  notice,  the  person  served  may,  within  28 days,  file  written representations with the BMA which shall be taken into account by the BMA in making its final determination.

Group Supervision. The BMA may, in respect of an insurance group, determine whether it is appropriate for it to act as its group supervisor. An insurance group is defined as a group of companies that conducts insurance business. The BMA may make such determination where it ascertains that (i) the group is headed by a 'specified insurer' (that is to say, it is headed by either a Class 3A, Class 3B or Class 4 general business insurer or a Class C, Class D or Class E long term insurer or another class of insurer designated by order of the BMA); or (ii) where the insurance group is not headed by a 'specified insurer', where it is headed by a parent company which is incorporated in Bermuda; or (iii) where the parent company of the group is not a Bermuda company, in circumstances where the BMA is satisfied that the insurance group is directed and managed from Bermuda or the insurer with the largest balance sheet total is a specified insurer.

Where the BMA determines that it should act as the group supervisor, it shall designate a specified insurer that is a member of the insurance group to be the designated insurer (the 'Designated Insurer') and it shall give to the Designated Insurer and other applicable insurance regulatory authority written notice of its intention to act as group supervisor. Before the BMA makes a final determination whether or not to act as group supervisor, it shall take into account any written representations made by the Designated Insurer submitted within such period as is specified in the notice.

The BMA may exclude any company that is a member of an insurance group from group supervision on the application of the Designated Insurer, or  on  its  own  initiative,  provided  the  BMA  is  satisfied  that  (i) the  company  is  situated  in  a  country  or  territory  where  there  are  legal  impediments  to cooperation and exchange of information, (ii) the financial operations of the company have a negligible impact on insurance group operations or (iii) the inclusion of the company would be inappropriate with respect to the objectives of group supervision.

The BMA may, on its own initiative or on the application of the relevant Designated Insurer, include within group supervision a company that is a member of the group that is not on the Register of Group Particulars (described below) if it is satisfied the financial operations of the company in question may have a material impact on the insurance group's operations and its inclusion would be appropriate having regard to the objectives of group supervision.

Once the BMA has been designated as group supervisor, the Designated Insurer must ensure that the insurance group of which it is a member appoints (i) an individual approved by the BMA who is qualified as a group actuary to provide an opinion on the insurance group's insurance technical provisions  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  Schedule XIV  'Group  Statutory  Economic  Balance  Sheet'  of  the  Insurance  (Prudential  Standards) (Insurance Group Solvency Requirement) Rules 2011 and (ii) an auditor approved by the BMA to audit the financial statements of the group.

Pursuant to its powers under the Insurance Act, the BMA will maintain a register of particulars for every insurance group (the 'Register of Group Particulars') for which it acts as the group supervisor, detailing the names and addresses of (i) the Designated Insurer; (ii) each member company of the insurance group falling within the scope of group supervision; (iii) the principal representative of the insurance group in Bermuda; (iv) other competent authorities supervising other member companies of the insurance group; and (v) the insurance group auditors. The Designated Insurer must immediately notify the BMA of any changes to the above details entered on the Register of Group Particulars.

As  group  supervisor,  the  BMA  will  perform  a  number  of  supervisory  functions  including  (i) coordinating  the  gathering  and  dissemination  of relevant or essential information for going concerns and emergency situations, including the dissemination of information which is of importance for the supervisory task of other competent authorities; (ii) carrying out supervisory reviews and assessments of the insurance group; (iii) carrying out assessments of the insurance group's compliance with the rules on solvency, risk concentration, intra-group transactions and good governance procedures; (iv) planning and coordinating through regular meetings held at least annually (or by other appropriate means) with other competent authorities, supervisory activities in respect of the insurance group, both as a going concern and in emergency situations; (v) coordinating enforcement actions that may need to be taken against the insurance group or any of its members; and (vi) planning and coordinating meetings of colleges of supervisors in order to facilitate the carrying out of the functions described above.

The BMA may, for the purposes of group supervision, make rules applying to Designated Insurers which take into account any activities of the insurance group of which they are members or of other members of the insurance group. Such rules may make provision for: the assessment of the financial situation of the insurance group; the solvency position of the insurance group (including the imposition of prudential standards in relation to ECR, capital and solvency returns, insurance reserves and eligible capital that must be complied with by the Designated Insurers); the system of governance and risk management of the insurance group; intra-group transactions and risk concentrations; and supervisory reporting and disclosure in respect of the insurance group.

As noted above, we are not currently subject to group supervision, but are currently in discussions with the BMA regarding its proposed institution of group-wide supervision by the BMA on the group.

Supervision, Investigation, Intervention and Disclosure. The BMA may, by notice in writing served on a registered person or a designated insurer, require the registered person or designated insurer to provide such information and/or documentation as the BMA may reasonably require with respect to matters that are likely to be material to the performance of its supervisory functions under the Insurance Act. In addition, it may require such person's auditor, underwriter, accountant or any other person with relevant professional skill of such registered person or designated insurer to prepare a report on any aspect pertaining thereto. In the case of a report, the person so appointed shall immediately give the BMA written notice of any fact or matter of which he becomes aware or which indicates to him that any condition attaching to his registration under the Insurance Act is not or has not or may not be or may not have been fulfilled and that such matters are likely to be material to the performance of its functions under the Insurance Act. If it appears to the BMA to be desirable in the interests of the clients of a registered person or relevant insurance group, the BMA may also exercise these powers in relation to subsidiaries, parent companies and other affiliates of the registered person or designated insurer.

If  the  BMA deems it necessary to protect the interests of the policyholders or potential policyholders of an insurer or insurance group, it may appoint one or more competent persons to investigate and report on the nature, conduct or state of the insurer's or the insurance group's business, or any aspect  thereof,  or  the  ownership  or  control  of  the  insurer  or  insurance  group.  If  the  person  so  appointed  thinks  it  necessary  for  the  purposes  of  the investigation, such person may also investigate the business of any person who is or has been at any relevant time, a member of the insurance group or of a partnership of which the person being investigated is a member. In this regard, it shall be the duty of every person who is or was a controller, officer, employee, agent, banker, auditor, accountant, barrister and attorney or insurance manager to produce to the person appointed such documentation as the appointed person may reasonably require for purposes of the investigation, and to attend and answer questions relevant to the investigation and to otherwise provide such assistance as may be necessary in connection therewith.

Where the BMA suspects that a person has failed to properly register under the Insurance Act or that a registered person or designated insurer has failed to comply with a requirement of the Insurance Act or that a person is not, or is no longer, a fit and proper person to perform functions in relation to a regulated activity, it may, by notice in writing, carry out an investigation into such person (or any other person connected thereto). In connection therewith, the BMA may require every person who is or was a controller, officer, employee, agent, banker, auditor, accountant, barrister and attorney or insurance manager to make a report and produce such documents in his care, custody and control and to attend before the BMA to answer questions relevant to the BMA's  investigation  and  to  take  such  actions  as  the  BMA  may  direct.  The  BMA  may  also  enter  any  premises  for  the  purposes  of  carrying  out  its investigation  and  may  petition  the  court  for  a  warrant  if  it  believes  a  person  has  failed  to  comply  with  a  notice  served  on  him  or  there  are  reasonable grounds for suspecting the completeness of any information or documentation produced in response to such notice or that its directions will not be complied with or that any relevant documents would be removed, tampered with or destroyed.

If  it  appears  to  the  BMA  that  the  business  of  the  registered  insurer  is  being  conducted  in  a  way  that  there  is  a  significant  risk  of  the  insurer becoming insolvent or being unable to meet its obligations to policyholders, or that the insurer is in breach of the Insurance Act or any conditions imposed upon its registration, or the minimum criteria stipulated in the Insurance Act is not or has not been fulfilled in respect of a registered insurer, or that a person has become a controller without providing the BMA with the appropriate notice or in contravention of a notice of objection, or the registered insurer is in breach of its ECR, or that a designated insurer is in breach of any provision of the Insurance Act or the regulations or rules applicable to it, the BMA may issue such directions as it deems desirable for safeguarding the interests of policyholders or potential policyholders of the insurer or the insurance group. The BMA may, among other things, direct an insurer, for itself and in its capacity as designated insurer of the insurance group of which it is a member, (a) not to take on any new insurance business, (b) not to vary any insurance contract if the effect would be to increase the insurer's liabilities, (c) not to make certain investments, (d) to  realize  certain  investments,  (e) to  maintain  in,  or  transfer  to  the  custody  of,  a  specified  bank,  certain  assets,  (f) not  to declare or pay any dividends or other distributions or to restrict the making of such payments, (g) to limit its premium income, (h) not to enter into specified transactions with any specified person or persons of a specified class, (i) to provide such written particulars relating to the financial circumstances of the insurer as the BMA thinks fit, (j) (as an individual insurer only and not in its capacity as designated insurer) to obtain the opinion of a loss reserve specialist and submit it to the BMA and/or (k) to remove a controller or officer.

The  BMA  has  the  power  to  assist  other  regulatory  authorities,  including  foreign  insurance  regulatory  authorities,  with  their  investigations involving  insurance  and  reinsurance  companies  in  Bermuda  if  it  is  satisfied  that  the  assistance  being  requested  is  in  connection  with  the  discharge  of regulatory responsibilities and  that such  cooperation is in the public interest. The grounds for disclosure by the BMA to a foreign regulatory authority without consent of the insurer are limited and the Insurance Act provides for sanctions for breach of the statutory duty of confidentiality.

Cancellation of Insurer's Registration. An insurer's registration may be cancelled by the BMA at the request of the insurer or on certain grounds specified in the Insurance Act. Failure by the insurer to comply with its obligations under the Insurance Act or if, the BMA believes that the insurer has not been carrying on business in accordance with sound insurance principles, would be examples of such grounds.

Certain  Other  Bermuda  Law  Considerations. All  Bermuda  'exempted  companies'  are  exempt  from  certain  Bermuda  laws  restricting  the percentage  of  share  capital  that  may  be  held  by  non-Bermudians.  However,  exempted  companies  may  not  participate  in  certain  business  transactions, including (1) the acquisition  or holding  of land in Bermuda except that required for their business and held by way of lease or tenancy for a term not exceeding more than 50 years or, with the consent of the Minister of Economic Development (the 'Minister') granted in his discretion, land which is used to  provide  accommodation  or  recreational  facilities  for  officers  and  employees  of  the  company  for  a  term  not  exceeding  21 years,  (2) the  taking  of mortgages on land in Bermuda to secure an amount in excess of $50,000 without the consent of the Minister, (3) the acquisition of any bonds or debentures secured by any land in Bermuda, other than certain types of Bermuda government securities or securities issued by Bermuda public authorities, or (4) the carrying on of business of any kind in Bermuda, except in furtherance of business carried on outside Bermuda or under license granted by the Minister. Generally it is  not  permitted  without  a  special  license  granted  by  the  Minister  to  insure  Bermuda  domestic  risks  or  risks  of  persons  of,  in  or  based  in Bermuda.

All  Bermuda  companies  must  comply  with  the  provisions  of  the  Companies  Act  regulating  the  payment  of  dividends  and  the  making  of distributions  from  contributed  surplus.  A  company  may  not  declare  or  pay  a  dividend,  or  make  a  distribution  out  of  contributed  surplus,  if  there  are reasonable  grounds  for  believing  that:  (a) the  company  is,  or  would  after  the  payment  be,  unable  to  pay  its  liabilities  as  they  become  due;  or  (b) the realizable value of the company's assets would thereby be less than its liabilities.

Under the Economic Substance Act 2018 and related regulations thereunder (collectively, the 'ESA'), each entity resident in Bermuda that carries on a 'relevant activity' is required to comply with the economic substance requirements under the ESA, unless resident for tax purposes in a jurisdiction outside  Bermuda  that  is  not  on  the  EU  list  of  non-cooperative  jurisdictions  for  tax  purposes.  Engaging  in  insurance  business  in  accordance  with  the Insurance Act constitutes a 'relevant activity'.

In  relation  to  carrying  on  the  relevant  activity  of  insurance,  compliance  with  the  ESA  also  requires  compliance  with  requirements  in  the Companies Act relating to corporate governance and requirements of the Insurance Act and other instruments (including the Insurance Code of Conduct) made thereunder. The Registrar of Companies will have regard to an insurer's compliance with the Insurance Act and the Companies Act in his assessment of  compliance  with  economic  substance  requirements  and  on  the  basis  that  an  insurer  complies  with  such  requirements,  the  insurer  will  generally  be considered  to  operate  in  Bermuda  with  adequate  substance.  An  insurer  will  be  required  to  complete  and  file  a  declaration  form,  and  the  Registrar  of Companies will also have regard to the information provided in the declaration form in making his assessment of compliance with economic substance requirements.

Bermuda  Exchange  Control  Regulation. The  permission  of  the  BMA  is  required,  under  the  provisions  of  the  Exchange  Control  Act 1972  of Bermuda and related regulations, for all issuances and transfers of shares (which includes our common shares) of Bermuda companies to or from a nonresident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes, other than in cases where the BMA has granted a general permission. The BMA, in its notice to the public dated June 1, 2005, has granted a general permission for the issue and subsequent transfer of any securities of a Bermuda company from and/or to a non-resident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes for so long as any 'Equity Securities' of the company (which include our common shares) are listed on an 'Appointed Stock Exchange' (which include Nasdaq). In granting the general permission the BMA accepts no responsibility for our financial soundness or the correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this annual report.

Although IGI Bermuda is incorporated in Bermuda, IGI Bermuda is classified as a non-resident of Bermuda for exchange control purposes by the BMA. Other  than  transferring  Bermuda  Dollars  out  of  Bermuda,  there  are  no  restrictions  on  IGI  Bermuda's  ability  to  transfer  funds  into  and  out  of Bermuda or to pay dividends in currency other than Bermuda Dollars to nonresidents of Bermuda who are holders of our common shares.

## UK Regulatory Framework

General. UK insurance companies are regulated by the PRA and the FCA. The PRA is responsible for the prudential regulation of banks, building societies, credit unions, insurers and major investment firms and the FCA is responsible for the prudential regulation of all other firms and the conduct of business regulation of all authorised financial services firms. A subsidiary of IGI, IGI UK, is authorized by the PRA to effect and carry out (re)insurance contracts in the UK in all classes of general (non-life) business and is regulated by both the PRA and the FCA.

Following  the  UK's  decision  to  withdraw  from  the  EU  ('Brexit'),  the  UK  began  a  process  of  'onshoring'  EU  legislation  whereby  the  UK replicated EU law in UK legislation and regulation and then amended it so that it would be operationally effective following the end of the Brexit transition period on December 31, 2020. As an automatic consequence of the UK's departure from the EU's single market, passporting rights to and from the UK ended at the end of the transition period. Passporting is the exercise of the right available to a firm authorised in one EEA member state to carry on certain activities covered by an EU single market directive in another EEA member state, on the basis of its home state authorisation. For firms based in the UK, this meant the loss of access to EU markets. As of the end of the transition period, IGI UK has lost its passporting rights in the EU, such that it can no longer write insurance business in European Economic Area ('EEA') countries under the 'freedom of services' regime or write insurance business through a place of business in an EEA member state under the 'freedom of establishment' regime using the rights contained in the European Council's Solvency II Directive.  IGI  is  currently  engaging  with  relevant  EU  member  states  to  ensure  adherence  to  individual  run-off  regimes  that  have  been  established.  In addition, in June 2021 IGI acquired an EU insurance operation in Malta, which enables IGI to pursue business in the EU.

Restrictions  on  Dividend  Payments. The company law of England and Wales prohibits English companies, including IGI UK, from declaring dividends  to  their  shareholders  unless  they  have  profits  available  for  distribution.  The  determination  of  whether  a  company  has  profits  available  for distribution  is  based  on  its  accumulated  realized  profits  and  other  distributable  reserves  less  its  accumulated  realized  losses.  While  the  UK  insurance regulatory rules impose no statutory restrictions on a general insurer's ability to declare a dividend, the PRA's rules require each authorized insurance company within its jurisdiction to maintain its solvency margin at all times. For ordinary share capital to count as tier 1 capital for solvency purposes, dividends must be capable of being cancelled at any time prior to payment, and the PRA can prohibit a UK insurance company from paying a dividend.

Solvency  Requirements. Under  the  EU  directive  covering  capital  adequacy,  risk  management  and  regulatory  reporting  for  insurers  (the 'Solvency II Directive'), an insurer has the option of seeking the approval of a full or partial internal model from its regulator or to use a standard formula to  calculate its  capital requirements. The provisions of the Solvency II Directive were implemented in the UK by the Solvency 2 Regulations 2015 (SI 2015/575)  and  through  the  PRA  Rulebook  and  supervisory  statements  published  by  the  PRA. In  light of  Brexit,  the  UK  has  onshored  the  Solvency II Directive and amended the rules so that firms can continue to operate effectively after the end of the transitional period. The UK is currently consulting on making certain amendments to Solvency II as implemented in the UK.

Onshored Solvency II Regime Reports and Returns. Under the onshored Solvency II regime, IGI UK is required to disclose to the PRA quarterly and annual Quantitative Reporting Templates ('QRTs') and, at least every three years, a narrative Regular Supervisory Report ('RSR'). The QRTs report quantitative  information  on  a  Solvency II  and  local  GAAP  basis  including,  among  other  things,  the  balance  sheet  and  own  funds,  Solvency II  capital position, invested assets, premiums, claims and technical provisions, reinsurance and group specific information. The RSR includes both qualitative and quantitative information and is more forward-looking. IGI UK must also complete a set of annual National Specific Templates ('NSTs') which are only applicable to solo firms (i.e., specific companies as against groups). An annual Solvency and Financial Condition Report ('SFCR'), which must include a mixture of narrative information and a sub-set of the QRTs, must also be submitted and posted on IGI's website. Similarly, IGI UK must submit an annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment ('ORSA') to the PRA. The ORSA report is produced annually and provides a summary of all of the activity and processes during the preceding year to assess and report on risks and ensure that our overall solvency needs are met at all times including a forward-looking assessment. It also explains the linkages between business strategy, business planning and capital and risk management processes.

Change  of  Control  Prior  Notifications. The  PRA  (in  consultation  with  the  FCA)  regulates  the  acquisition  of  'control'  of  any  UK  insurance company which is authorized under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). The FCA regulates the acquisition of 'control' of authorized firms  that  are  only  authorized  and  regulated  by  the  FCA. Any  legal  entity  or  individual  that  (together  with  any  person  with  whom  they  are  'acting  in concert') directly or indirectly acquires 10% or more of the shares in a UK authorized insurance company, or their parent company, or is entitled to exercise or control the exercise of 10% or more of the voting power in such authorized insurance company or their parent company, would be considered to have acquired 'control' for the purposes of the relevant legislation, as would a person who had significant influence over the management of such authorized insurance company by virtue of their shareholding or voting power in the authorized insurance company or parent. A purchaser of 10% or more of the common shares of the Company would therefore be considered to have acquired 'control' of IGI UK. Under FSMA, any person proposing to acquire 'control' over a UK authorized insurance company must give prior notification to the PRA of their intention to do so. The PRA would then have up to 60 working days (which may be extended by up to a further 30 working days) to consider that person's application to acquire 'control.' Acquiring control without having made the relevant prior application and having received the PRA's approval (following consultation with the FCA) would constitute a criminal offense by the controller. In addition, if IGI UK fails to notify the PRA of the proposed change of control this could also result in action being taken against IGI UK. A person who is already deemed to have 'control' will require prior approval of the PRA and the FCA if such person increases their level of 'control' beyond certain percentages. These percentages are 20%, 30% and 50%. Similar requirements apply in relation to the acquisition and increase of control of a UK authorized person which is an insurance intermediary except that application for approval is made to, and decided by, the FCA and the threshold triggering the requirement for prior approval is 20% of the shares or voting power in the insurance intermediary or its parent company.

Senior Managers and Certification Regime. In December 2019, the FCA and PRA extended the application of the Senior Managers &amp; Certification Regime ('SM&amp;CR'), which previously applied to UK-regulated entities in the banking sector, to insurers, reinsurers, insurance intermediaries and other UK-regulated entities. The Senior Managers &amp; Certification Regime is an enhanced individual accountability framework which built upon and replaced the previous regulatory framework of the Senior Insurance Managers Regime and the Approved Persons regime. The SM&amp;CR seeks to ensure that senior persons  who  are  effectively  running  insurance  firms,  or  who  have  responsibility  for  other  key  functions  at  those  firms,  meet  standards  of  fitness  and propriety for acting with integrity, honesty and skill and that there is a clear allocation of responsibilities between senior managers.

Insurance Distribution Directive. On October 1, 2018, the Insurance Distribution Directive ('IDD') came into force. IDD applies to all those who conduct  insurance  distribution  to  clients,  such  as  insurers  (i.e.,  IGI  UK)  and  insurance  intermediaries  (including  firms  such  as  banks  or  retailers  who provide insurance alongside their primary business), and whose clients range from individual consumers to large multinational organizations. The main provisions of IDD include conduct of business obligations, remuneration disclosure, cross-selling limitations and professional training requirements. As a result of Brexit and following the end of the transitional period on December 31, 2020, the Insurance Distribution (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 came into effect to address the deficiencies in retained EU law relating to the IDD arising from Brexit. Under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, directly applicable EU legislation made under the IDD was onshored and became part of the UK law at the end of the Brexit transitional period.

## PRA requirements

IGI UK is subject to regulation by the UK FCA and the UK PRA. The onshored Solvency Capital Requirement ('SCR') for IGI UK is governed by the onshored Solvency II regime which sets rules governing the level and quality of capital held by an insurer and the capital requirements applicable to that firm.

The onshored Solvency II measure of available capital ('Own Funds') uses IFRS shareholders' funds as a starting point and applies a number of specific adjustments prescribed under onshored Solvency II. The primary adjustments reflect the fact that onshored Solvency II is based on the principle of an economic balance sheet - outstanding reserves and associated reinsurance recoverables being considered on a discounted best-estimate basis. A full reconciliation  between  the  onshored  Solvency II  and  IFRS  bases  is  provided  in  the  annual  Solvency &amp;  Financial  Condition  Report  published  on  IGI's website ( www.iginsure.com ).

The onshored Solvency II measure of required capital, the SCR, is calibrated using the Value at Risk (VaR) of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance undertaking subject to a confidence level of 99.5% over a one-year year period, with a minimum of €3.7 million. IGI UK has chosen the onshored Solvency II Standard Formula (the 'Standard Formula') method to calculate its SCR.

IGI  UK  has  assessed  the  appropriateness  of  the  Standard  Formula  on  both  a  qualitative  and  quantitative  basis  and  considers  it  to  provide  an appropriate fit to IGI UK's business and risk profile.

Specifically, the assessment confirms that the Standard Formula:

- captures the full scope of risks to which the Company is exposed and for which the holding of capital is an appropriate response;
- is sufficiently sensitive to future changes in the risk profile on both the asset and liabilities side of the balance sheet including the influence of outward reinsurance arrangements;
- has been applied in full with no application of undertaking specific parameters, simplifications or transitional measures; and
- is applied with no consideration for the risk absorbing effect of technical provisions and deferred taxes resulting in an SCR requirement that is more prudent.

The Standard Formula SCR and associated onshored Solvency II Own Funds are recalculated at least quarterly and at other times in response to an actual or projected material change in the risk profile and the results reported in full to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the UK Board in addition to being communicated to the IGI Bermuda and IGI Holdings Boards.

The adequacy of the IGI UK's Own Funds to meet the SCR is monitored on an ongoing basis and particularly in the event of an anticipated or actual material impairment in the level of Own Funds.

IGI UK's audited statutory financial statements submitted to the PRA reflect the foregoing capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements, as well as IGI UK's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the PRA's requirements by 57% and 51% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. IGI UK's financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 also reflect the foregoing capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements, as well as IGI UK's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the PRA's requirements by 52%.

## Dubai International Financial Centre ('DIFC')

IGI, our wholly owned subsidiary, is currently organized under the laws of the DIFC. The DIFC is a financial free zone with its own civil and commercial laws established in the Emirate of Dubai pursuant to Law No. (9) of 2004 issued by the Ruler of Dubai. The DIFC operates within a unique legal and regulatory framework that is distinct from those applicable in the rest of the United Arab Emirates (the 'UAE'). Such framework was achieved through a synthesis of  UAE federal law and Dubai law, pursuant to: (i) an amendment to Article (121) of the UAE Constitution which deals with the division of powers between Federal and Emirati authorities and allows enacting a financial free zone law, which in turn allows an Emirati Government to create a financial free zone within a particular Emirate; (ii) the enactment of the Federal Law No. (8) of 2004 which exempts financial free zones from all UAE federal civil and commercial laws, thereby permitting the DIFC to have its own civil and commercial laws modelled closely on international standards and principles of common law (although UAE criminal law still applies); and (iii) the Cabinet Resolution No. (28) of 2007 on the Executive Regulations of the Federal Law No. (8) of 2004.

Companies operating in the DIFC are subject to the DIFC Companies Law No. (5) of 2018, the DIFC Operating Law No. (7) of 2018, the DIFC Companies and Operating Regulations as well as other DIFC commercial legislation.

The DFSA administers the DIFC Regulatory Law, DIFC Law No. (1) of 2004. The DIFC Regulatory Law establishes the constitution of the DFSA and enables the creation of the regulatory framework within which entities may be licensed, authorized, registered and supervised by the DFSA.

## Dubai Financial Services Authority ('DFSA')

The DFSA is a financially and administratively independent body that was established on September 13, 2004 by Law No. (9) of 2004 issued by the Ruler of Dubai. The DFSA acts as the independent financial regulator in the DIFC, supervising regulated companies and monitoring their compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The DFSA's powers as a regulator are granted to it under the provisions of DIFC Regulatory Law. As a result of such provisions, the DFSA is authorized to establish rules that enable it to respond swiftly to market developments and business needs. The DFSA has authority and responsibility for implementing the core financial services related laws that are applicable in the DIFC, including the DIFC Regulatory Law No. (1) of 2004, the DIFC Collective Investment Law No. (2) of 2010, the DIFC Markets Law No. (1) of 2012, the DIFC Law Regulating Islamic Financial Business No.  (13) of  2004  and  the  Investment  Trust  Law  No.  (5) of  2006.  Furthermore,  subsidiary  legislation  is  provided  by  'Rules'  set  out  in  the  'DFSA Rulebook,' which is issued under the DIFC Regulatory Law. The DFSA Rulebook is made up of topic-area modules which specify their scope and the audience  to  whom  they  apply.  The  DFSA  Rulebook  contains  additional  commentary  as  guidance  which  is  designed  to  assist  DIFC  participants  in complying with their legal and related obligations. Certain other matters that are not Rules, such as application forms and returns, are contained in the DFSA Sourcebook modules, which also comprise topic-area modules.

Legislation, rules and regulations governing companies incorporated in the DIFC and financial activities in the DIFC are available on the websites of the DIFC and the DFSA at www.difc.ae and www.dfsa.ae , respectively. We have not independently verified the information contained on these websites and cannot provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information. The information contained on these websites does not form a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this annual report.

## Money Laundering and Financial Crime Regime in the UAE

IGI  is  registered  in  the  DIFC  and  is  subject  to  DFSA  supervision  for  the  purpose  of  anti-money  laundering  compliance  in  the  DIFC. Under Article 70(3) of the DIFC Regulatory Law, the DFSA has jurisdiction for the regulation of anti-money laundering in the DIFC and is the relevant authority that licenses and supervises Relevant Persons in the DIFC for the purposes of the UAE Federal legislation relating to money laundering, terrorist financing, the  financing  of  unlawful  organizations  or  sanctions  non-compliance.  Further,  the  UAE  criminal  law  applies  in  the  DIFC  and,  therefore,  companies registered in the DIFC must be aware of their obligations in respect of UAE criminal law as well as the DIFC Regulatory Law. Relevant UAE criminal laws include, but are not limited to, Federal Law No. 20 of 2018 regarding combating money laundering and terrorist financing, Federal Law No. 7 of 2014 regarding combating terrorism offenses, the implementing regulations under those laws and the UAE Penal Code.

## Labuan, Malaysia

International  General  Insurance  Co.  Ltd.  - Labuan  Branch  (the  'Labuan  Branch'),  a  branch  of  IGI  for  purposes  of  engaging  in  business  in Malaysia, is licensed by the Labuan Financial Services Authority as a 'second-tier offshore reinsurer,' which means that local brokers may only offer reinsurance business to IGI after first offering it to first-tier reinsurers.

The Labuan Branch is licensed to issue Labuan law-governed policies, including Islamic law-compliant re-takaful policies. The Labuan Branch obtained the approval of the Labuan Financial Services Authority to engage the Labuan Financial Services Authority's Shariah Supervisory Council as its internal Shariah advisory board, which is permitted under the Directive on Islamic Financial Business in Labuan International Offshore Financial Center.

## MFSA requirements

Following its acquisition in June 2021, IGI Europe is subject to regulation by the MFSA. The Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for IGI Europe is governed by the Solvency II regime which sets rules governing the level and quality of capital held by an insurer and the capital requirements applicable to that firm.

The Solvency II measure of required capital, the SCR, is calibrated using the Value at Risk (VaR) of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance  undertaking  subject  to  a  confidence  level  of  99.5%  over  a  one-year  period,  with  a  minimum  of  €3.7 million.  IGI  Europe  has  chosen  the Solvency II Standard Formula (the 'Standard Formula') method to calculate its SCR.

IGI has assessed the appropriateness of the Standard Formula on both a qualitative and quantitative basis and considers it to provide an appropriate fit to the Company's business and risk profile.

Specifically, the assessment confirms that the Standard Formula:

- captures the full scope of risks to which the Company is exposed and for which the holding of capital is an appropriate response;

- is sufficiently sensitive to future changes in the Company's risk profile on both the asset and liabilities side of the balance sheet including the influence of outward reinsurance arrangements;
- has been applied in full with no application of undertaking specific parameters, simplifications or transitional measures; and
- is applied with adjustment for the risk absorbing effect of technical provisions and deferred taxes.

The Standard Formula SCR and associated Solvency II Own Funds are recalculated at least quarterly and at other times in response to an actual or projected material change in the risk profile and the results reported in full to the board of directors of IGI Europe in addition to being communicated to the boards of directors of IGI and IGI Bermuda.

The adequacy of the Company's Own Funds to meet the SCR is monitored on an ongoing basis and particularly in the event of an anticipated or actual material impairment in the level of Own Funds.

IGI  Europe's  audited  statutory  financial  statements  submitted  to  the  MFSA  reflect  the  foregoing  capital  adequacy  and  solvency  margin requirements, as well as IGI Europe's actual statutory capital surplus. IGI Europe's financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 also reflect the foregoing capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements, as well as IGI Europe's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the MFSA's requirements by 108%.

## Jordan

Our subsidiary, I.G.I Underwriting / Jordan 'Exempted' ('IGI Underwriting'), which is based in Amman, Jordan, is subject to regulation of the Insurance  Supervision  Department  of  Central  Bank  of  Jordan.  The  Insurance  Supervision  Department  replaced  the  Insurance  Commission  of  Jordan pursuant to the restructuring of Institutions and Government Departments Law No 17 of 2014, Article D. The Central Bank of Jordan assumed the role of insurance supervisor and regulator from the Ministry of Industry, Trade and supply in June 2021 following the enactment of the Insurance Regulatory Law No 12 of 2021 and an insurance supervision department was established thereafter. IGI Underwriting is licensed in Jordan under Instruction No. (4) of 2010 'Instructions of Licensing and Regulating the Business &amp; Responsibilities of the Coverholder.' As a licensed offshore entity, IGI Underwriting is required to update certain information with the Insurance Supervision Department annually, including information regarding the following:

- the business conducted by IGI Underwriting during the year;
- the names of insurance and reinsurance companies with which IGI Underwriting has concluded binding authorities and the date of termination of each authority;
- a valid insurance policy possessed by IGI Underwriting; and
- any other data, documents or information required by the Director General of the Insurance Supervision Department.

## Morocco

A representative office of International General Insurance Co. Ltd., which is based in Morocco and serves as our Africa hub, is regulated by the Casablanca Finance City.

## Competition

The  insurance  and  reinsurance  industries  are  mature  and  highly  competitive.  Competition  varies  significantly  on  the  basis  of  product  and geography.  Insurance  and  reinsurance  companies  compete  on  the  basis  of  many  factors,  including  premium  charges,  general  reputation  and  perceived financial strength, the terms and conditions of the products offered, ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, speed of claims payments, reputation and experience in the particular risk to be underwritten, quality of service, the jurisdiction where the reinsurer or insurer is licensed or otherwise authorized, capacity and coverages offered and various other factors. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions for our products and services, lower rates charged, slower premium growth and less favorable policy terms and conditions, any of which could adversely impact our growth and profitability.

We compete with major U.S., UK, Bermudian, European and other domestic and international insurers and reinsurers and underwriting syndicates from  Lloyd's,  some  of  which  have  longer  operating  histories,  more  capital  and/or  more  favorable  ratings  than  we  do,  as  well  as  greater  marketing, management and business resources. We also compete with capital market participants that create alternative products, such as catastrophe bonds, that are intended  to  compete  with  traditional  reinsurance  products.  In  addition  to  asset  managers  and  reinsurers  who  provide  collateralized  reinsurance  and retrocessional coverage, the availability of these non-traditional products could reduce the demand for both traditional insurance and reinsurance products.

In  recent years,  various  institutional  investors  have  increasingly  sought  to  participate  in  the  property  and  casualty  insurance  and  reinsurance industries. Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. Further, an expanded supply of reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively.

## Litigation and Arbitration

There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings to which we are a party which are expected to have a material effect on our financial position or profitability (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened or which we are aware of), except as stated below. However, in any given year, litigation could arise which might have an adverse effect on our results for such year. See ' Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations - We are involved in legal and other proceedings from time to time, and we may face damage to our reputation or legal liability as a result '.

In particular, one of the Group's operating subsidiaries is engaged in an arbitration proceeding concerning a dispute with another insurer over a policy coverage. The Group has established reserves which it believes represents a reasonable estimate of its expected future cash outflows in respect of this matter. If the arbitration does not rule in the Group's favor, it is possible that the ultimate cost may exceed amounts that have been specifically reserved. However, it is not practicable to reliably estimate any potential excess amount because the merits of the underlying claims have yet to be assessed and there are a number of uncertainties regarding how the policy may respond. Having considered the uncertainties described above, the Group believes that, even in reasonably remote adverse scenarios, the ultimate costs would be within the risk margins inherent within the overall claims reserves and would have no material impact on the Group's business or financial condition.

In addition, it is not unusual for commercial insurers to engage in disputes with reinsurers regarding the contractual obligations of such reinsurers. Reinsurance is an important risk mitigation measure because it enables us to cede portions of our underwriting risk to others. Although reinsurance does not discharge  our  subsidiaries  from  their  primary  obligation  to  pay  for  losses  insured  under  the  policies  they  issue,  reinsurance  does  make  the  assuming reinsurer liable to the insurance subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk. As of December 31, 2022, the amount owed to us from our reinsurers for paid claims was approximately $12.9 million and the portion of our case reserves due from reinsurers was approximately $102.0 million. In some cases, there can be disputes with reinsurers over their contractual obligations and their understanding of our maximum liability for the underlying insurance policy which is being reinsured. Insurers can seek to avoid reinsurance policies for a variety of reasons, including allegations that they did not appreciate our maximum liability. In some cases, these disputes and disagreements can result in arbitration or even litigation, initiated in some cases by us and in some cases by our reinsurers.

## C. Organizational Structure

The following diagram depicts the organizational structure of the Company and its subsidiaries as of the date of this annual report.

<!-- image -->

## D. Property, Plants and Equipment

IGI leases properties in each of the jurisdictions where it operates pursuant to long-term leases. IGI does not consider any of these leases to be material to its business.

## ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

This  section  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  'Business'  section  and  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  IGI  which  are  included elsewhere  in  this  annual  report.  The  financial  information contained herein  is  taken  or  derived  from  such  consolidated  financial  statements,  unless otherwise indicated. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those that are discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report, particularly under 'Risk Factors.'

## Introduction

We are a highly-rated global provider  of specialty  insurance  and  reinsurance  solutions  in  over  200  countries  and  territories.  We  underwrite  a diversified portfolio of specialty risks including energy, property, construction and engineering, ports and terminals, general aviation, political violence, professional lines (non-U.S.), financial institutions, marine and treaty reinsurance. Our size affords us the ability to be nimble and seek out profitable niches that can generate attractive underwriting results. Our underwriting focus is supported by exceptional service to our clients and brokers. Founded in 2001, we and our predecessors have prudently grown our business with a focus on underwriting profitability and risk-adjusted shareholder returns.

Our primary objective is to underwrite specialty products that maximize return on equity subject to prudent risk constraints on the amount of capital we expose to any single event. We follow a careful and disciplined underwriting strategy with a focus on individually underwritten specialty risks through in-depth assessment of the underlying exposure. We use data analytics and modern technology to offer our clients flexible products and customized and  granular  pricing.  We  manage  our  risks  through  a  variety  of  means,  including  contract  terms,  portfolio  selection  and  underwriting  and  geographic diversification.  Our  underwriting  strategy  is  supplemented  by  a  comprehensive  risk  transfer  program  with  reinsurance  coverage  from  highly-rated reinsurers that we believe lowers our volatility of earnings and provides appropriate levels of protection in the event of a major loss event.

We conduct our worldwide operations through three reportable segments under IFRS segment reporting: specialty long-tail, specialty short-tail and reinsurance.  Our  specialty  long-tail  segment  includes  (a) our  professional  lines  of  business,  which  includes  our  professional  indemnity,  directors  and officers, legal expenses, intellectual property and other casualty lines of business, (b) our financial institutions line of business, (c) our marine liability line of  business  and  (d)  our  inherent  defects  insurance  line  of  business.  Our  specialty  short-tail  segment  includes  our  energy  (upstream,  downstream  and renewable),  property,  construction  and  engineering,  political  violence,  ports  and  terminals,  general  aviation,  marine  cargo  and  contingency  lines  of business. Our reinsurance segment includes our inward reinsurance treaty business.

In  addition,  we  have  a corporate function ('Corporate') which includes the activities of our holding company and certain functions, including investment  management.  Corporate  includes  investment  income  on  a  managed  basis  and  other  non-segment  expenses,  predominantly  general  and administrative, stock compensation, finance and transaction expenses. Corporate also includes the activities of certain key executives such as the Chief Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer.  Our  corporate  expenses  and  investment  results  are  presented  separately  within  the  corporate  segment section.

## Description of Certain Income Statement Line Items

The definition and method of calculation of certain line items from IGI's consolidated income statement are provided below:

## Gross written premiums

Gross  written  premiums  comprise  the  total  premiums  receivable  for  the  whole  period  of  cover  provided  by  contracts  entered  into  during  the accounting period. They are recognized on the date on which the policy commences. Premiums include any adjustments arising in the accounting period for premiums receivable in respect of business written in prior accounting periods. Rebates that form part of the premium rate, such as no-claim rebates, are deducted from the gross premium; others are recognized as an expense. Premiums also include estimates for pipeline premiums, representing amounts due on business written but not yet notified. We generally estimate the pipeline premium based on management's judgment and prior experience.

## Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums

Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums comprise the total premiums payable for the reinsurance cover provided by retrocession contracts entered into during the year and are recognized on the date on which the policy incepts. Premiums include any adjustments arising in the accounting period in respect of reinsurance contracts incepting in prior accounting periods.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Unearned premiums related to gross written premiums constitutes the proportion of premiums written in a year that relate to periods of risk after the reporting date. Unearned premiums are calculated on a pro rata basis. The proportion attributable to subsequent periods is deferred as a provision for unearned premiums.

Unearned reinsurance premiums related to reinsurers' share of insurance premiums constitutes the proportion of premiums written in a year that relate to periods of risk after the reporting date. Unearned reinsurance premiums are deferred over the term of the underlying direct insurance policies for risk-attaching contracts and over the term of the reinsurance contract for losses-occurring contracts.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Claims, comprising amounts payable to contract holders and third parties and related loss adjustment expenses, net of salvage and other recoveries, are  charged  to  income  as  incurred.  Claims  comprise  the  estimated  amounts  payable,  in  respect  of  claims  reported  to  us  and  those  not  reported  at  the consolidated statement of financial position date.

We generally estimate our claims based on appointed loss adjusters or leading underwriters' recommendations. In addition, a provision based on management's judgment and our prior experience is maintained for the cost of settling claims incurred but not reported at the consolidated statement of financial position date.

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses constitutes claims and claim adjustments expenses net of reinsurers' share of claims.

## Net policy acquisition expenses

Policy acquisition costs and commissions earned represent commissions paid and received in relation to the acquisition and renewal of insurance and retrocession contracts which are deferred and expensed over the same period over which the corresponding premiums are recognized in accordance with the earning pattern of the underlying contract.

## Total investment income, net

Net investment income is principally comprised of interest and dividend income, realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, realized gain (loss) on investment properties, fair value gain (loss) on investment properties, expected credit loss on investments, investment custodian fees and other investment expenses. For purposes of this discussion, 'total investment income, net' reflects the sum of net investment income and share of profit (loss) from associates, calculated net of (a) net realized gain (loss) on investments, (b) realized gain (loss) on investment properties, (c) unrealized gain (loss) on investments, (d) fair value gain (loss) on investment properties, (e) expected credit losses on investments, and (f) share of profit (loss) from associates.

## Realized gain (loss) on investments

Realized gain and loss on investments is comprised of realized gain and loss on the sale of bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income and realized gain and loss on the sale of equities at fair value through profit and loss account.

## Realized gain (loss) on investment properties

Net realized gain and losses on investments is comprised of realized gain and losses on the sale of investment properties.

## Unrealized gain (loss) on investments

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments includes unrealized loss on the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss account.

## Fair value gain (loss) on investment properties

Fair value gain (loss) on investment properties includes the revaluation gain and loss of investment properties.

## Expected credit losses on investments

Expected credit losses on investments include an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss.

## General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses is comprised of human resources expenses, business promotion, travel and entertainment expenses, statutory, advisory and rating expenses, information technology and software expenses, office operation expenses, depreciation and amortization, bank charges and board of directors' expenses.

## Other expenses, net

Other expenses, net includes the sum of (a) other expenses and (b) impairment loss on insurance receivables offset by other revenues.

## Listing related expenses

Listing related expenses are expenses incurred in connection with our initial listing on Nasdaq that are not capitalizable and instead are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred. Transaction expenses incurred mainly consist of professional fees (such as legal and accounting fees) and other miscellaneous costs that are directly related to the listing on Nasdaq.

## Change in fair value of derivative financial liability

The Group's Warrants constitute derivative liabilities  under IFRS which  must be recorded at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statement of income at the end of each reporting period.

## Gain (loss) on foreign exchange

Gain (loss) on foreign exchange represents gains and/or losses incurred as a result of foreign currency transactions.

## Income tax

Income tax reflects (1) income tax payable by IGI Labuan in accordance with the Labuan Business Activities Tax Act 1990, (2) tax payable by IGI Casablanca pursuant to the Casablanca Finance City Tax Code, (3) corporate tax payable by IGI UK and North Star Underwriting Limited in accordance with  UK tax law and (4) corporate tax payable by IGI Europe in accordance with Malta income tax law. IGI Bermuda is a tax-exempt company. IGI Holdings (a DIFC-registered company) and IGI Dubai are not subject to income tax according to the UAE tax law, and IGI Underwriting is a tax-exempt company in Jordan.

## Non-IFRS Financial Measures

In presenting our results, management has included and discussed certain non-IFRS financial measures. We believe that these non-IFRS measures, which may be defined and calculated differently by other companies, explain and enhance investor understanding of our results of operations. However, these measures should not be viewed as a substitute for those determined in accordance with IFRS.

## Tangible book value per diluted common share plus accumulated dividends

In  addition  to  presenting  book  value  per  common  share  determined  in  accordance  with  IFRS,  we  believe  that  the  key  financial  indicator  for evaluating  our  performance  and  measuring  the  overall  growth  in  value  generated  for  shareholders  is  'book  value  per  diluted  common  share  plus accumulated dividends,' a non-IFRS financial measure.

The  following  table  presents  reconciliations  of  'book  value  per  common  share'  to  'book  value  per  diluted  common  share  plus  accumulated dividends.'

| December 31, 2022  Equity  Amount  Common  Shares  Issued and  Outstanding  Per Share  Amount  ($) in millions, except per share data  Book value per share  429.8  45.3  $  9.49  Non-IFRS adjustments:  Intangible assets  (3.6)  (0.08)  Tangible book value per share  426.2  9.41  Accumulated dividends  136.8  3.02  Tangible book value per share plus accumulated dividends  $  12.43   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Equity  Amount  Common  Shares  Outstanding  Per Share  Amount  ($) in millions, except per share data  Book value per share  401.9  45.5  $  8.83  Non-IFRS adjustments:  Intangible assets  (4.3)  (0.09)  Tangible book value per share  397.6  8.74  Accumulated dividends  126.0  2.77  Tangible book value per share plus accumulated dividends  $  11.51   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Core operating income

'Core operating income' measures the performance of our operations without the influence of after-tax gains or losses on investments and foreign currencies and other items as noted in the table below. We exclude these items from our calculation of core operating income because the amount of these gains and losses is heavily influenced by, and fluctuates in part according to, economic and other factors external to the Company and/or transactions or events that are typically not a recurring part of, and are largely independent of, our core underwriting activities and including them distorts the analysis of trends  in  our  operations.  We  believe  the  reporting  of  core  operating  income  enhances  an  understanding  of  our  results  by  highlighting  the  underlying profitability  of  our  core  insurance  operations.  Our  underwriting  profitability  is  impacted  by  earned  premium  growth,  the  adequacy  of  pricing,  and  the frequency  and  severity  of  losses.  Over  time,  such  profitability  is  also  influenced  by  underwriting  discipline,  which  seeks  to  manage  the  Company's exposure to loss through favorable risk selection and diversification, IGI's management of claims, the use of reinsurance and the ability to manage the expense ratio, which the Company accomplishes through the management of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses.

In addition to presenting profit for the period determined in accordance with IFRS, we believe that showing 'core operating income' provides investors with a valuable measure of profitability and enables investors, rating agencies and other users of our financial information to more easily analyze the  Company's  results  in  a  manner  similar  to  how  management  analyzes  the  Company's  underlying  business  performance.  Core  operating  income  is calculated  by  the  addition  or  subtraction  of  certain  income  statement  line  items  from  profit  for  the  year,  the  most  directly  comparable  IFRS  financial measure, as illustrated in the table below:

Return on average equity and core operating return on average equity, which are both non-IFRS financial measures, represent the returns generated on common shareholders' equity during the year. Our objective is to generate superior returns on capital that appropriately reward shareholders for the risks assumed.

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Profit for the year  85.5  43.7  27.2  Non-IFRS adjustments:  Realized loss (gain) on investments (tax adjusted)  (1)  0.7  (0.3)  (1.1)  Expected credit losses on investments (tax adjusted)  (1)  -  0.2  0.3  Unrealized loss (gain) on investments (tax adjusted)  (1)  2.8  (3.0)  -  Realized loss on investment properties  0.1  -  0.2  Fair value loss on investment properties  0.6  1.3  2.0  Fair value (gain) loss on investment properties held through associates  (0.3)  7.3  1.5  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  (2.9)  (0.7)  4.4  Listing related expenses  -  -  3.4  Loss (gain) on foreign exchange (tax adjusted)  (1)  7.9  4.7  (2.3)  Core operating income  94.4  53.2  35.6  Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to equity holders  (2)  $  1.74  $  0.89  $  0.59  Basic and diluted core operating earnings per share  (3)  $  1.92  $  1.09  $  0.77  Average shareholders' equity  (4)  415.8  391.4  346.6  Return on average equity  (5)  20.6%  11.2%  7.9%  Core operating return on average equity  (6)  22.7%  13.6%  10.3%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Have been adjusted for the related tax impact.

(2) Represents profit for the period attributable to vested common shares divided by the weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted calculated as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  (in millions of U.S. Dollars, except per share information)  Net profit for the period attributable to equity holders  85.5  43.7  27.2  Minus:  earnings attributable to the earn out shares subject to vesting  5.3  2.7  1.7  Minus:  earnings attributable to the restricted shares awards subject to vesting  1.2  0.3  0.1  Profit for the period attributable to common shareholders (a)  79.0  40.7  25.4  Weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted (in millions of shares) (b)  45.5  45.5  43.0  Basic and diluted earnings per share (a/b)  $  1.74  $  0.89  $  0.59   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(3) Represents core operating income attributable to vested common shares divided by weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  (in millions of U.S. Dollars, except per share information)  Core operating income for the period attributable to equity holders  94.4  53.2  35.6  Minus:  core operating income attributable to the earn out shares  5.8  3.3  2.2  Minus:  core operating income attributable to the restricted shares awards subject to vesting  1.3  0.4  0.1  Core operating income for the period attributable to vested equity holders (a)  87.3  49.5  33.3  Weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted (in millions of shares) (b)  45.5  45.5  43.0  Basic and diluted core operating earnings per share (a/b)  1.92  1.09  0.77   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(4) Average shareholders' equity as of any date equals the shareholders' equity at such date, plus the shareholders' equity as of the same date of the prior year, divided by 2.

(6) Represents core operating income for the year divided by average shareholders' equity.

(5) Represents profit for the year divided by average shareholders' equity.

## A. Operating Results

The following section reviews IGI's results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The discussion includes presentations of IGI's results on a consolidated basis and on a segment-by-segment basis.

## Results of Operations - Consolidated

The following table summarizes IGI's consolidated income statement for the years indicated:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  581.8  545.6  467.3  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  (186.5)  (163.0)  (128.9)  Net written premiums  395.3  382.6  338.4  Net change in unearned premiums  (18.9)  (37.4)  (54.9)  Net premiums earned  376.4  345.2  283.5  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (1)  (157.7)  (176.2)  (151.7)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (70.2)  (63.2)  (54.4)  Net underwriting results  148.5  105.8  77.4  Total investment income, net  (2)  20.7  14.1  11.5  Realized (loss) gain on investments  (0.7)  0.3  1.2  Realized loss on investment properties  (0.1)  -  (0.2)  Unrealized (loss) gain on investments  (2.9)  3.1  (0.2)  Fair value loss on investment properties  (0.6)  (1.3)  (2.0)  Expected credit losses on investments  -  (0.2)  (0.3)  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  (1.5)  General and administrative expenses  (67.5)  (58.9)  (46.9)  Other expenses, net  (3)  (3.7)  (6.0)  (4.4)  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  2.9  0.7  (4.4)  Listing related expenses  -  -  (3.4)  (Loss) gain on foreign exchange  (9.1)  (4.9)  2.5  Profit before tax  87.7  45.4  29.3  Income tax  (2.2)  (1.7)  (2.1)  Profit for the year  85.5  43.7  27.2  Basis and diluted earnings per share  $  1.74  $  0.89  $  0.59   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Net claims and claim adjustment expenses represents claims occurring during the year, adjusted either upward or downward based on the prior year's unfavorable (or favorable) development in claims, as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Claims occurring during the current year  198.1  192.3  157.8  Prior year's favorable development  (40.4)  (16.1)  (6.1)  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses for current year  157.7  176.2  151.7   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See  'Operating  and  Financial  Review  and  Prospects - Reserves - Reserving  Results &amp;  Development'  for  a  discussion  of  the  claims development in each of these years.

(2) The breakdown of total investment income, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Net investment income  16.4  16.0  10.0  Plus  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  (1.5)  Total investment income  16.6  8.7  8.5  Minus  Realized (loss) gain on investments  (0.7)  0.3  1.2  Minus  Realized loss on investment properties  (0.1)  -  (0.2)  Minus  Unrealized (loss) gain on investments  (2.9)  3.1  (0.2)  Minus  Fair value loss on investment properties  (0.6)  (1.3)  (2.0)  Minus  Expected credit losses on investments  -  (0.2)  (0.3)  Minus  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  (1.5)  Total investment income, net  20.7  14.1  11.5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(3) The breakdown of other expenses, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  (in millions of U.S. Dollars)  Other revenues  2.3  1.9  0.4  Other expenses  (2.8)  (2.7)  (1.9)  Impairments loss on insurance receivables  (3.2)  (5.2)  (2.9)  Other expenses, net  (3.7 )  (6.0 )  (4.4 )   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 (Consolidated)

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  581.8  545.6  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  (186.5)  (163.0)  Net written premiums  395.3  382.6  Net change in unearned premiums  (18.9)  (37.4)  Net premiums earned  376.4  345.2  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (157.7)  (176.2)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (70.2)  (63.2)  Net underwriting results  148.5  105.8  Total investment income, net  (1)  20.7  14.1  Realized (loss) gain on investments  (0.7)  0.3  Realized loss on investment properties  (0.1)  -  Unrealized (loss) gain on investments  (2.9)  3.1  Fair value loss on investment properties  (0.6)  (1.3)  Expected credit losses on investments  -  (0.2)  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  General and administrative expenses  (67.5)  (58.9)  Other expenses, net  (2)  (3.7)  (6.0)  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  2.9  0.7  Loss on foreign exchange  (9.1)  (4.9)  Profit before tax  87.7  45.4  Income tax  (2.2)  (1.7)  Profit for the year  85.5  43.7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The breakdown of total investment income, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  ($) in millions  Net investment income  16.4  16.0  Plus  Share of loss from associates  0.2  (7.3)  Total investment income  16.6  8.7  Minus  Realized (loss) gain on investments  (0.7)  0.3  Minus  Realized loss on investment properties  (0.1)  -  Minus  Unrealized (loss) gain on investments  (2.9)  3.1  Minus  Fair value loss on investment properties  (0.6)  (1.3)  Minus  Expected credit losses on investments  -  (0.2)  Minus  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  Total investment income, net  20.7  14.1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(2) The breakdown of other expenses, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  (in millions of U.S. Dollars)  Other revenues  2.3  1.9  Other expenses  (2.8)  (2.7)  Impairments loss on insurance receivables  (3.2)  (5.2)  Other expenses, net  (3.7 )  (6.0 )   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums increased 6.6% from $545.6 million in 2021 to $581.8 million in 2022. This was primarily due to 13.0% growth (or $36.6 million) in the specialty short-tail segment and 29.2% growth (or $7.0 million) in the reinsurance segment, which was partially offset by a 3.1% decrease (or $7.4 million) in the specialty long-tail segment. The increase in gross written premiums was primarily due to new business generation and an increase in overall renewal premium rates by 5.8% on average, which was partially offset by currency exchange rates resulting in devaluation of premiums denominated in Pound Sterling and Euro due to the strengthening of the US Dollar against these currencies.

## Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums

Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums increased 14.4% from $163.0 million in 2021 to $186.5 million in 2022. The increase in reinsurers' share of insurance premiums was due to an $18.2 million increase in facultative reinsurance purchases within the specialty short-tail segment and a $6.3 million increase in non-proportional reinsurance purchase primarily driven by growth in gross written premiums in the short-tail segment.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Net change in unearned premiums decreased 49.5% from $37.4 million in 2021 to $18.9 million in 2022. The decrease in net change in unearned premiums of $18.5 million was due to a higher rate of release of earned premiums written in prior years, principally in the long-tail segment, in 2022 compared to 2021.

## Net premiums earned

As a result of the foregoing, net premiums earned increased 9.0% from $345.2 million in 2021 to $376.4 million in 2022.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Gross claims and claim adjustment expenses increased 15.7% from $203.4 million in 2021 to $235.3 million in 2022, whilst reinsurers' share of claims increased 185.5% from $27.2 million in 2021 to $77.6 million in 2022. As a result, net claims and claim adjustment expenses decreased 10.5% from $176.2 million in 2021 to $157.7 million in 2022. This was primarily due to a favorable development on loss reserves from prior accident years in 2022 compared to 2021 and a favorable foreign currency devaluation impact on net outstanding claims denominated in Pound Sterling and Euro compared to the US Dollar as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar in 2022. See ' Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Reserves - Reserving Results &amp; Development .'

IGI's overall net claims and claim adjustment expenses ratio was 41.9% for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 51.0% for the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily attributable to a favorable development on loss reserves from prior accident years, which was $40.4 million or 10.7 points for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $16.1 million or 4.7 points for the year ended December 31, 2021. The higher favorable development on loss reserves from prior accident years in 2022 compared to 2021 was also attributable to the currency devaluation impact on loss reserves denominated in Pound Sterling and Euro compared to the US Dollar on a year-over-year basis. In addition, the decline in net claims and claim adjustment expenses ratio was attributable to the lower current accident year catastrophe losses (CAT), which was $24.4 million or 6.5 points for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $28.9 million or 8.4 points for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excluding the effect of prior years' development and current accident year CAT losses, the net claims and claim expense ratio was 46.1% in 2022 compared to 47.3% in 2021.

The tables below outline reported incurred losses on catastrophe events in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| For the Year Ended  December 31, 2022  Gross  Incurred  Amount  Net Incurred  Amount  ($ in millions)  Catastrophe Event  Hurricane Ian  2.2  2.1  Australia Floods  1.8  1.8  Adverse High Wind - Event Cancelation  1.1  0.9  Typhoon Hinnamnor  0.8  0.8  Kuwait Flood  0.8  0.7  Other  5.8  5.1  Provided during the year related to prior accident years  28.3  19.0  Total  40.8  30.5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended  December 31, 2021  Gross Incurred  Amount  Net Incurred  Amount  ($ in millions)  Catastrophe Event  European Floods  6.8  6.8  South Africa Riots  5.8  4.4  Hurricane Ida  2.5  2.5  Cyclone Shaheen  0.7  0.6  Cyclone Nora  0.5  0.5  Other  3.0  2.2  Provided during the year related to prior accident years  15.9  13.3  Total  35.2  30.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net policy acquisition expenses

Net policy  acquisition  expenses  increased  11.1%  from  $63.2 million  in  2021  to  $70.2  million  in  2022.  The  increase  was  primarily  due  to  the increase in net premiums earned in 2022 compared to 2021. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2021 was 18.3% compared to 18.7% for 2022.

## Net underwriting results

As a result of the foregoing, net underwriting results increased from $105.8 million in 2021 to $148.5 million in 2022, an increase of $42.7 million or 40.4%.

## Total investment income, net

Total investment income, net increased by 46.8% from $14.1 million in 2021 to $20.7 million in 2022. This was primarily due to a $6.3 million increase in interest income attributable to rising interest rates and growth in our fixed income securities and bank term deposits portfolio.

## Realized (loss) gain on investments and Realized loss on investment properties

Realized (loss) gain on investments decreased from a gain $0.3 million in 2021 to a loss $0.7 million in 2022. The realized loss in 2022 included a realized loss of $0.6 million on the disposal of fixed income bonds. The realized gain in 2021 included a realized gain of $0.4 million on the disposal of equity securities, offset by a $0.1 million loss on maturity and call of fixed income bonds.

Realized loss on investment properties increased from nil in 2021 to a loss of $0.1 million in 2022.

## Unrealized (loss) gain on investments and Fair value loss on investment properties

Unrealized (loss) gain on investments reflects a net loss of $2.9 million in 2022 compared to a net gain of $3.1 million in 2021. This charge was primarily due to an overall stock market decline which induced the negative fair value movement in our equity portfolio designated as financial assets at fair value through profit and loss in 2022.

Fair value loss on investment properties decreased from a loss of $1.3 million in 2021 to a loss of $0.6 million in 2022. This was primarily due to the loss resulting from a 3.5% negative adjustment in the fair value of commercial buildings in 2022 compared to a 6.6% negative adjustment in 2021 in line with the overall decline experienced in the Jordanian commercial real estate market following the COVID-19 pandemic..

## Expected credit losses on investments

Expected credit losses on investments decreased from $0.2 million in 2021 to nil in 2022.

## Share of profit (loss) from associates

Share of profit (loss) from associates increased from a loss of $7.3 million in 2021 to a profit of $0.2 million in 2022. This was primarily due to recognizing a $7.0 million decline in the fair value of investment properties owned by the associates in 2021 due to local geopolitical issues coupled with the prevailing hyper inflationary environment in Lebanon. The fair value of investment properties held by our associates increased by a small amount in 2022 compared to 2021, which resulted in the share of profit from associates of $0.2 million.

## General and administrative expenses

General  and  administrative  expenses  increased  by  14.6%  from  $58.9 million  in  2021  to  $67.5  million  in  2022.  This  was  primarily  due  to  an increase in employee-related costs primarily as a result of increased salary costs due to new hires, an increase in business travel as global COVID-19 travel restrictions were lifted, and investment in technology infrastructure to support the Company's growth.

## Other expenses, net

Other expenses, net decreased by 38.3% from $6.0 million in 2021 to $3.7 million in 2022. This decrease was mainly due to a decrease in the impairment loss on insurance receivables from $5.2 million in 2021 to $3.2 million in 2022.

## Change in fair value of derivative financial liability

Change in fair value of derivative financial liability increased by 314.3% from a gain of $0.7 million in 2021 to a gain of $2.9 million in 2022. This increase was due to the decrease in the fair market value of the warrants from $12.9 million as of December 31, 2021 to $10.0 million as of December 31, 2022.

## Loss on foreign exchange

Loss  on  foreign  exchange  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  was  $9.1  million  compared  to  a  loss  of  $4.9  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily attributable to the weakening of our major transactional currencies, Pound Sterling and Euro, against the U.S. Dollar.

## Profit for the year

As a result of the foregoing, the profit after tax for the year increased from $43.7 million in 2021 to $85.5 million in 2022, mainly due to the yearover-year  increase  in  net  underwriting  results  of  40.4%  and  total  investment  income,  net  of  46.8%.  This  was  offset  by  the  increase  in  general  and administrative expenses of 14.6%.

## Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 (Consolidated)

| Year Ended December 31  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  545.6  467.3  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  (163.0)  (128.9)  Net written premiums  382.6  338.4  Net change in unearned premiums  (37.4)  (54.9)  Net premiums earned  345.2  283.5  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (176.2)  (151.7)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (63.2)  (54.4)  Net underwriting results  105.8  77.4  Total investment income, net  (1)  14.1  11.5  Realized gain on investments  0.3  1.2  Realized loss on investment properties  -  (0.2)  Unrealized gain (loss) on investments  3.1  (0.2)  Fair value loss on investment properties  (1.3)  (2.0)  Expected credit losses on investments  (0.2)  (0.3)  Share of loss from associates  (7.3)  (1.5)  General and administrative expenses  (58.9)  (46.9)  Other expenses, net  (2)  (6.0)  (4.4)  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  0.7  (4.4)  Listing related expenses  -  (3.4)  (Loss) gain on foreign exchange  (4.9)  2.5  Profit before tax  45.4  29.3  Income tax  (1.7)  (2.1)  Profit for the year  43.7  27.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The breakdown of total investment income, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Net investment income  16.0  10.0  Plus  Share of loss from associates  (7.3)  (1.5)  Total investment income  8.7  8.5  Minus  Realized gain on investments  0.3  1.2  Minus  Realized loss on investment properties  -  (0.2)  Minus  Unrealized gain (loss) on investments  3.1  (0.2)  Minus  Fair value loss on investment properties  (1.3)  (2.0)  Minus  Expected credit losses on investments  (0.2)  (0.3)  Minus  Share of loss from associates  (7.3)  (1.5)  Total investment income, net  14.1  11.5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(2) The breakdown of other expenses, net is as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2021  2020  (in millions of U.S. Dollars)  Other revenues  1.9  0.4  Other expenses  (2.7)  (1.9)  Impairments loss on insurance receivables  (5.2)  (2.9)  Other expenses, net  (6.0 )  (4.4 )   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums increased 16.8% from $467.3 million in 2020 to $545.6 million in 2021. This was primarily due to 13.8% growth (or $29.1 million) in the specialty long-tail segment, 18.7% growth (or $44.5 million) in the specialty short-tail segment and 24.4% growth (or $4.7 million) in the reinsurance segment. The increase in gross written premiums was the result of new business generated across all segments and virtually all lines, as well as rate increases on existing business in all segments.

## Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums

Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums increased 26.5% from $128.9 million in 2020 to $163.0 million in 2021. The increase in reinsurers' share of  insurance  premiums  was  mainly  due  to  an  increase  of  46.9%  in  quota  share  premiums  in  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021  primarily  due  to  the introduction of a new quota share treaty under the professional indemnity and directors &amp; officers subclasses (with a 20.0% cession for each subclass) beginning  in  the  first  quarter  of  2021.  The  growth  was  further  supported  by  an  increase  in  the  quota  share  cession  for  the  largest  facility  within  our professional indemnity subclass from 60.0% to 62.5% beginning in August 2021. The increase in reinsurers' share of insurance premiums also resulted from a 28.9% increase in facultative reinsurance purchases in our energy and property lines of business within the specialty short-tail segment.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Net change in unearned premiums decreased 31.9% from $54.9 million in 2020 to $37.4 million in 2021. The decrease in net change in unearned premiums  by  $17.5 million  as  compared  to  the  prior  year  reflects  a  $21.8 million  decrease  in  the  long  tail  segment  partially  offset  by  an  increase  of $4.3 million in the short tail segment. The decrease in the unearned premiums charge in the long tail segment was primarily driven by the professional lines of business (in particular, the professional indemnity sub-class) and the financial institutions line of business which contributed a majority of the unearned premiums release during the year ended December 31, 2021 in respect of policies incepting in prior years. The decrease was also attributable to the new professional indemnity and director's and officer's quota share treaty which incepted in January 2021 and caused higher unearned premiums on outward reinsurance and accordingly reduced the net change in unearned premiums. The increase in net change in unearned premiums in the short tail segment was primarily driven by a higher unearned premiums charge on new policies incepting in the current year coupled with the non-renewal of quota share treaties in the energy, property and engineering lines of business.

## Net premiums earned

As a result of the foregoing, net premiums earned increased 21.8% from $283.5 million in 2020 to $345.2 million in 2021.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Gross claims and claim adjustment expenses decreased 4.9% from $214.0 million in 2020 to $203.4 million in 2021, whilst reinsurers' share of claims decreased 35.1% from $62.3 million in 2020 to $27.2 million in 2021. As a result, net claims and claim adjustment expenses increased 16.2% from $151.7 million  in  2020  to  $176.2 million  in  2021.  The  significant  reduction  in  the  reinsurers'  share  of  claims  occurred  in  the  short  tail  segment.  See ' Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation - Reserves - Reserving Results &amp; Development .'

IGI's overall net claims and claim adjustment expenses ratio was 51.0% for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 53.5% for the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease was primarily driven by the increase in favorable development on net loss reserves from prior accident years, which  was  $16.1 million  or  4.7  points  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021,  compared  to  favorable  development  on  net  loss  reserves  from  prior accident years  of  $6.1 million  or  2.2  points  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2020.  This  was  partially  offset  by  the  increase  in  current  accident  year catastrophe losses (CAT), which was $28.9 million or 8.4 points for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to $13.5 million or 4.8 points for the year ended December 31, 2020. The net claims and claim expense ratio - excluding the impact of the favorable development on loss reserves from prior accident years and CAT losses - was 47.3% during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 50.9% during the year ended December 31, 2020.

The tables below outline reported incurred losses on catastrophe events in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

| For the Year Ended  December 31, 2021  Gross Incurred  Amount  Net Incurred  Amount  ($ in millions)  Catastrophe Event  European Floods  6.8  6.8  South Africa Riots  5.8  4.4  Hurricane Ida  2.5  2.5  Cyclone Shaheen  0.7  0.6  Cyclone Nora  0.5  0.5  Other  3.0  2.2  Provided during the year related to prior accident years  15.9  13.3  Total  35.2  30.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| For the Year Ended  December 31, 2020  Gross  Incurred  Amount  Net  Incurred  Amount  ($ in millions)  Catastrophe Event  Hurricane Laura  3.5  3.5  Jawaharlal Nehru Port - Mumbai, India  12.5  3.0  COVID-19  1.1  1.1  Floating Pontoon - Storm Damage  1.5  0.9  Cyclone Nisargaes  1.3  0.7  Other  20.0  4.3  Provided during the year related to prior accident years  5.8  8.6  Total  45.7  22.1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net policy acquisition expenses

Net policy acquisition expenses increased 16.2% from $54.4 million in 2020 to $63.2 million in 2021. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2020 was 19.2% compared to 18.3% for 2021. This decline in the policy acquisition expense ratio was due to improved market conditions coupled with better negotiated commissions.

## Net underwriting results

As a result of the foregoing, net underwriting results increased from $77.4 million in 2020 to $105.8 million in 2021, an increase of $28.4 million or 36.7%.

## Total investment income, net

Total investment income, net increased by 22.6% from $11.5 million in 2020 to $14.1 million in 2021. This was primarily due to (1) a $1.9 million increase in interest income as a result of the increase in effective interest earned on our fixed income bonds, and (2) a $0.7 million decrease in investment custodian fees and other investment expenses due to the renegotiation of fee terms with our custodians.

## Realized gain on investments and Realized loss on investment properties

Realized gain on investments decreased from $1.2 million in 2020 to $0.3 million in 2021. The realized gain in 2021 included a realized gain of $0.4 million on the disposal of equity securities, offset by a $0.1 million loss on maturity and call of fixed income bonds. The realized gain in 2020 included a realized gain of $1.6 million on the disposal of equity securities, offset by a $0.4 million loss on maturity and call of fixed income bonds.

Realized loss on investment properties decreased from a loss of $0.2 million in 2020 to Nil in 2021.

## Unrealized gain (loss) on investments and Fair value loss on investment properties

Unrealized gain (loss) on investments reflects a net gain of $3.1 million in 2021 compared to a net loss of $0.2 million in 2020. This was primarily due to  a  mark  to  market  revaluation  gain  of  $3.1 million  recorded  on  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  and  loss  during  2021  compared  to  a revaluation loss of $0.2 million recorded on FVTPL investments during 2020. The loss in 2020 was induced by the market dislocation caused globally due to the COVID 19 outbreak.

Fair value loss on investment properties decreased from a loss of $2.0 million in 2020 to a loss of $1.3 million in 2021. This was primarily due to the loss booked from a 7% negative adjustment in the fair value of commercial buildings in 2021 compared to a 10% negative adjustment in 2020 in line with the overall correction seen in the Jordan commercial real estate market post-pandemic.

## Expected credit losses on investments

Expected  credit  losses  on  investments  decreased  from  $0.3 million  in  2020  to  $0.2 million  in  2021.  This  is  primarily  due  to  recognizing  a $0.1 million expected credit loss on financial assets at FVOCI and a $0.1 million expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost.

## Share of loss from associates

Share of loss from associates increased from a loss of $1.5 million in 2020 to a loss of $7.3 million in 2021. This is primarily due to recognizing a $7.0 million  decline  in  the  fair  value  of  investment  properties  owned  by  the  associates  due  to  the  ongoing  local  geopolitical  issues  coupled  with  the prevailing hyper inflationary environment in Lebanon.

## General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses increased by 25.6% from $46.9 million in 2020 to $58.9 million in 2021. This was primarily due to additional salaries related to new hires and investments in the Company's technology infrastructure in order to support the Company's growth, as well as some nonrecurring legal and professional fees for arbitration proceedings related to reinsurance matters.

## Other expenses, net

Other expenses, net increased by 36.4% from $4.4 million in 2020 to $6.0 million in 2021. This increase was mainly due to booking an impairment loss on insurance receivables of $5.2 million in 2021 compared to the impairment loss on insurance receivables of $2.9 million in 2020. The increase in other expenses, net was also due to the increase in other expenses of $0.8 million, which was offset by the increase in other revenues of $1.5 million.

## Change in fair value of derivative financial liability

Change in fair value of derivative financial liability increased by 115.9% from a loss of $4.4 million in 2020 to a gain of $0.7 million in 2021. This increase was due to the decrease in the fair market value of the warrants from $13.6 million as of December 31, 2020 to $12.9 million as of December 31, 2021.

## (Loss) gain on foreign exchange

Loss  on  foreign  exchange  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021  was  $4.9 million  compared  to  a  gain  of  $2.5 million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2020. The loss on foreign exchange in 2021 was primarily driven by the currency revaluation losses recorded in non-U.S. Dollar monetary assets due to the weakening of the Company's major transactional currencies between December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021. The gain on foreign exchange recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020 reflected the strengthening of these underlying currencies against the U.S. Dollar.

## Profit for the year

As a result of the foregoing, the profit after tax for the year increased from $27.2 million in 2020 to $43.7 million in 2021, mainly due to the yearover-year increase in net underwriting results of 36.7%. This was offset by the increase in general and administrative expenses of 25.6%.

## Results of Operations - Specialty Long-tail Segment

The following table summarizes the results of operations of IGI's specialty long-tail segment for the years indicated:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  232.2  239.6  210.5  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  (64.1)  (61.8)  (37.2)  Net written premiums  168.1  177.8  173.3  Net change in unearned premiums  (0.7)  (10.2)  (31.9)  Net premiums earned  167.4  167.6  141.4  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (50.6)  (86.2)  (88.8)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (33.1)  (30.5)  (27.1)  Net underwriting results  83.7  50.9  25.5  Claims &amp; claim expense ratio  30.2%  51.4%  62.8%  Policy acquisition expenses ratio  19.8%  18.2%  19.2%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums in the specialty long-tail segment decreased 3.1% from $239.6 million in 2021 to $232.2 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in renewal business in the financial institutions line of business and lower positive rate movement in that line of business, which was partially offset by a marginal increase in the professional lines of business due to a positive rate movement of 9.4% in renewed business, which in turn was largely offset by the increased currency devaluation impact on Pound Sterling-denominated premiums in 2022 compared to 2021.

Gross written premiums in the specialty long-tail segment increased 13.8% from $210.5 million in 2020 to $239.6 million in 2021. Gross written premiums increased in the professional lines and inherent defects insurance lines of business, but decreased slightly in the financial institutions and marine liability  lines  of  business.  The  increase  in  the  professional  lines  of  business  was  primarily  due  to  the  positive  rate  movement  in  renewed  business  of approximately 27.1%. Within the professional lines of business, the professional indemnity and director's and officer's insurance product lines experienced growth of $21.6 million (19.0%), and $4.9 million (23.7%), respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020.  The  financial  institutions  line  of  business  also  experienced  positive  rate  movement  of  15.2%  on  renewed  business  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2021, but the renewed business decreased by $2.0 million.

## Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums

Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums in the specialty long-tail segment increased from $61.8 million in 2021 to $64.1 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in non-proportional reinstatement premium cost incurred in the financial institutions line of business relating to the attributable non proportional reinsurance recoveries in that line of business.

Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums in the specialty long-tail segment increased from $37.2 million in 2020 to $61.8 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 88.9% in quota share ('QS') premiums in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the introduction of a new professional indemnity and director's and officer's quota share treaty (with a 20.0% cession in each subclass) in the first quarter of 2021 under the professional lines of business in our long-tail segment. In addition, the quota share cession for one of the big facilities within the professional indemnity subclass increased from 50.0% to 60.0% starting in August 2020, effecting the full year of 2021 compared to only five months in 2020. The remaining increase in the quota share premiums within the professional lines of business was a result of premium growth within the after the event (ATE) sub-class of legal expenses which had a 50.0% quota share cession.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Net change in unearned premiums in the specialty long-tail segment decreased by 93.1% from $10.2 million in 2021 to $0.7 million in 2022. The decrease in the unearned premiums charge within the long tail segment was primarily driven by an increase in the release of earned premiums written in prior years in 2022 compared to 2021.

Net change in unearned premiums in the specialty long-tail segment decreased by 68.0% from $31.9 million in 2020 to $10.2 million in 2021. The decrease  in  the  unearned  premiums  charge  within  the  long  tail  segment  was  primarily  driven  by  the  professional  lines  of  business  (particularly  the professional indemnity sub-class) and the financial institutions line of business, which contributed to a majority of the unearned premiums release during 2021 in respect of policies incepting in prior years. The decrease in the unearned premiums charge was also attributable to the new professional indemnity and  director's  and  officer's  quota  share  treaty  which  incepted  in  January 2021  and  caused  higher  unearned  premiums  on  outward  reinsurance  and accordingly reduced the net change in unearned premiums.

## Net premiums earned

As a result of the foregoing, net premiums earned in the specialty long-tail segment decreased 0.1% from $167.6 million in 2021 to $167.4 million in 2022, and net premiums earned in the specialty long-tail segment increased 18.5% from $141.4 million in 2020 to $167.6 million in 2021.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the specialty long-tail segment decreased by 41.3% from $86.2 million in 2021 to $50.6 million in 2022. This was primarily due to higher favorable development of net loss reserves from prior accident years, which were also positively affected by the currency devaluation impact on loss reserves denominated in Pound Sterling and Euro in 2022.

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the specialty long-tail segment decreased by 2.9% from $88.8 million in 2020 to $86.2 million in 2021. This was primarily due to a net favorable development of loss reserves in prior periods (2020 and before), particularly in the professional indemnity and financial institutions subclasses, which was partially offset by the increase in current accident year losses coupled with a net unfavorable development of prior years' loss reserves in the inherent defects insurance and marine liability lines of business.

## Policy acquisition expenses

Policy acquisition expenses in the specialty long-tail segment increased by 8.5% from $30.5 million in 2021 to $33.1 million in 2022. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2022 was 19.8% compared to 18.2% for 2021.

Policy acquisition expenses in the specialty long-tail segment increased by 12.5% from $27.1 million in 2020 to $30.5 million in 2021. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2021 was 18.2% compared to 19.2% for 2020.

## Results of Operations - Specialty Short-tail Segment

The following table summarizes the results of operations of IGI's specialty short-tail segment for the years indicated:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  318.6  282.0  237.5  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  (122.4)  (101.2)  (91.7)  Net written premiums  196.2  180.8  145.8  Change in unearned premiums  (17.5)  (26.9)  (22.6)  Net premiums earned  178.7  153.9  123.2  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (90.0)  (72.6)  (56.6)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (31.5)  (28.8)  (24.2)  Net underwriting results  57.2  52.5  42.4  Claims &amp; claim expense ratio  50.4%  47.2%  45.9%  Policy acquisition expenses ratio  17.6%  18.7%  19.6%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross written premiums

Gross  written  premiums  in  the  specialty  short-tail  segment  increased  by  13.0%  from  $282.0 million  in  2021  to  $318.6  million  in  2022.  The increase in gross written premiums was in all lines of business, other than in ports and terminals, primarily due to new business generated across all lines of business, as well as rate increases on existing business of 5.2%.

Gross  written  premiums  in  the  specialty  short-tail  segment  increased  by  18.7%  from  $237.5  million  in  2020  to  $282.0 million  in  2021.  The increase in gross written premiums was in all lines of business, other than in general aviation, primarily due to new business generated across all lines of business, as well as rate increases on existing business of 7.3%.

## Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums

Reinsurance premiums ceded in the specialty short-tail segment increased by 20.9% from $101.2 million in 2021 to $122.4 million in 2022. This increase  was  primarily  due  to  an  increase  in  facultative  reinsurance  purchases  under  the  property  line  of  business  and  an  increase  in  non-proportional reinsurance purchases under the property and engineering lines of business,

Reinsurance premiums ceded in the specialty short-tail segment increased by 10.4% from $91.7 million in 2020 to $101.2 million in 2021. This increase was primarily due to an increase in facultative and non-proportional reinsurance purchases due to an overall increase in gross written premiums in nearly all the business lines in the short-tail segment.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Net change in unearned premiums decreased from a change of $26.9 million in 2021 to a change of $17.5 million in 2022. The decrease was due to a higher release of earned premiums written in prior years in 2022 compared to 2021.

Net change in unearned premiums increased from a change of $22.6 million in 2020 to a change of $26.9 million in 2021. The increase was due to a higher unearned premium charge on new policies incepting in the current year coupled with the non-renewal of quota share treaties in the energy, property and engineering lines of business.

## Net premiums earned

As a result  of  the  foregoing,  net  premiums  earned  in  the  specialty  short-tail  segment  increased  16.1%  from  $153.9 million  in  2021  to  $178.7 million in 2022.

As  a  result  of  the  foregoing,  net  premiums  earned  in  the  specialty  short-tail  segment  increased  24.9%  from  $123.2 million  in  2020  to $153.9 million in 2021.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the specialty short-tail segment increased by 24.0% from $72.6 million in 2021 to $90.0 million in 2022.  This  was  primarily  due  to  an  increase  in  current  accident  year  losses,  primarily  relating  to  the  energy  and  property  lines  of  business.  This  was partially  offset  by  net  favorable  development of  net  loss  reserves  from  prior  accident  years  for  all  lines  of  business  in  the  short-tail  segment  (with  the exception of engineering and political violence policies), which were positively affected by the currency devaluation impact on loss reserves denominated in Euro.

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the specialty short-tail segment increased by 28% from $56.6 million in 2020 to $72.6 million in 2021. This was primarily due to higher incurred losses recorded under our ports &amp; terminals, property and energy lines of business.

Short-tail  segment net claims and claims expense ratio increased by 3.2 percentage points to 50.4% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 47.2% during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Short-tail  segment net claims and claims expense ratio increased by 1.2 percentage points to 47.2% for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 45.9% during the year ended December 31, 2020.

## Policy acquisition expenses

Policy  acquisition  expenses  in  the  specialty  short-tail  segment  increased  by  9.4%  from  $28.8 million  in  2021  to  $31.5  million  in  2022.  The increase was primarily due to the increase in net premiums earned in 2022 compared to 2021. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2022 was 17.6% compared to 18.7% in 2021.

Policy acquisition expenses in the specialty short-tail segment increased by 19.0% from $24.2 million in 2020 to $28.8 million in 2021. The policy acquisition expense ratio for 2021 was 18.7% compared to 19.6% in 2020.

## Results of Operations - Reinsurance Segment

The following table summarizes the results of operations of IGI's reinsurance segment for the years indicated:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Gross written premiums  31.0  24.0  19.3  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  -  -  -  Net written premiums  31.0  24.0  19.3  Change in unearned premiums  (0.7)  (0.3)  (0.4)  Net premiums earned  30.3  23.7  18.9  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (17.1)  (17.4)  (6.3)  Net policy acquisitions expenses  (5.6)  (3.9)  (3.1)  Net underwriting results  7.6  2.4  9.5  Claims &amp; claim expense ratio  56.4%  73.4%  33.3%  Policy acquisition expenses ratio  18.5%  16.5%  16.4%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Gross written premiums

Gross written premiums in the reinsurance segment increased 29.2% from $24.0 million in 2021 to $31.0 million in 2022, primarily due to growth in new and renewal premiums and favorable net rate movement of 5.4%.

Gross written premiums in the reinsurance segment increased 24.4% from $19.3 million in 2020 to $24.0 million in 2021.

## Net change in unearned premiums

Net change in unearned premiums in the reinsurance segment increased from $0.3 million in 2021 to $0.7 million in 2022.

Net change in unearned premiums in the reinsurance segment decreased from $0.4 million in 2020 to $0.3 million in 2021.

## Net premiums earned

As a result of the foregoing, net premiums earned in the reinsurance segment increased 27.8% from $23.7 million in 2021 to $30.3 million in 2022.

As a result of the foregoing, net premiums earned in the reinsurance segment increased 25.4% from $18.9 million in 2020 to $23.7 million in 2021.

## Net claims and claim adjustment expenses

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the reinsurance segment decreased 1.7% from $17.4 million in 2021 to $17.1 million in 2022.

Net claims and claim adjustment expenses in the reinsurance segment increased 176.2% from $6.3 million in 2020 to $17.4 million in 2021. This was primarily due to building up $8.4 million of reserves for the 2021 floods in Europe.

Net claims and claims expense ratios for the reinsurance segment for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

- 56.4% in 2022
- 73.4% in 2021
- 33.3% in 2020

The decrease in net claims and claims expense ratio in 2022 was primarily attributable to higher growth in net premiums earned relative to the increase in net claims and claim adjustment expenses, compared to 2021.

## Policy acquisition expenses

Policy  acquisition  expenses  in  the  reinsurance  segment  increased  by  43.6%  from  $3.9 million  in  2021  to  $5.6  million  in  2022.  The  policy acquisition expense ratio for 2022 was 18.5% compared to 16.5% for 2021.

Policy  acquisition  expenses  in  the  reinsurance  segment  increased  by  25.8%  from  $3.1 million  in  2020  to  $3.9 million  in  2021.  The  policy acquisition expense ratio for 2021 was 16.5% compared to 16.4% for 2020.

## B. Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our  principal  sources  of  capital  are  equity  and  external  reinsurance.  The  principal  sources  of  funds  for  our  operations  are  insurance  and reinsurance  premiums  and  investment  returns.  The  principal  uses  of  our  funds  are  to  pay  claims  benefits,  related  expenses,  other  operating  costs  and dividends to shareholders.

We have not historically incurred debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had $2.9 million of letters of credit outstanding to the order of reinsurance companies for collateralizing insurance contract liabilities in accordance with reinsurance arrangements. As of December 31, 2021, we had $6.6 million of such letters of credit. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding an approximately $0.3 million letter of guarantee for the benefit of Friends Provident Life Assurance Limited for collateralizing IGI's rent payment obligation for one of its offices.

In  2021,  we  signed  a  legally  non-binding  agreement  with  the  University  of  California,  San  Francisco  Foundation  to  contribute  an  aggregate amount of $1.25 million in five installments over five years to support cancer research projects. As of December 31, 2022, we have paid $500,000 and the remaining three instalments totaling $750,000 will be made equally between 2023 and 2025.

We have historically paid regular dividends to our shareholders. In August 2020, we declared a dividend of $0.09 per share. In March 2021, we declared a dividend of $0.17 per share, and in August 2021 we declared a dividend of $0.16 per share. In March 2022, we declared a dividend of $0.19 per share, and in May, August and November 2022, we declared dividends of $0.01 per share, respectively.

Our overall capital requirements are based on regulatory capital adequacy and solvency margins and ratios imposed by the BMA and by the FCA and the PRA in the United Kingdom. In addition, we set our own internal capital policies. Our overall capital requirements can be impacted by a variety of factors including economic conditions, business mix, the composition of our investment portfolio, year-to-year movements in net reserves, our reinsurance program and regulatory requirements.

## Capital position

We are a holding company with no direct source of operating income. We are therefore dependent on our capital raising abilities and dividend payments from our subsidiaries. The ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us to pay dividends is limited by regulatory capital requirements.

Our operations generate cash flow as a result of the receipt of premiums in advance of the time when claim payments are required. Net cash from operating activities, together with other available sources of liquidity, historically has enabled us to meet our long-term liquidity requirements. We expect that net cash from operating activities will enable us to meet our long-term liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months.

We target a solvency ratio of more than 120% of the group capital requirement to ensure capital strength, enable opportunistic growth and support a stable dividend policy.

## Cash flows

IGI has three main sources of cash flows: operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. The movement in net cash provided by or  used  in  operating,  investing  and  financing  activities  and  the  effect  of  foreign  currency  rate  changes  on  cash  and  cash  equivalents  is  provided  in  the following table:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions  Net cash flows (used in) from operating activities after tax  $  (85.4)  129.8  (90.5)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (1.2)  (2.5)  (1.9)  Net cash flows (used in) from financing activities  (14.2)  (16.9)  35.7  Change in cash and cash equivalents  (100.8)  110.4  (56.7)  Effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (3.4)  (1.7)  (2.2)  Net change in cash and cash equivalents  (104.2 )  108.7  (58.9 )   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net cash flows (used in) from operating activities

Net cash flows from operating activities decreased by $215.2 million from net cash inflow of $129.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to net cash outflow of $85.4 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash outflow in the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of $159.4 million generated from operations, reduced by $244.8 million of deployment in investments, net of sale proceeds including term deposits. Net cash inflow  in  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021  consisted  of  $179.1 million  generated  from  operations,  reduced  by  the  $49.3 million  deployment  in investments, net of sale proceeds including term deposits.

Net cash flows from operating activities increased by $220.3 million from net cash outflow of $90.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to net cash inflow of $129.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Net cash inflow in the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of $179.1 million generated from operations, reduced by the $49.3 million deployment in investments, net of sale proceeds including term deposits. Net cash outflow  in  the  year  ended  December 31,  2020  consisted  of  $124.1 million  generated  from  operations,  significantly  reduced  by  the  $214.6 million deployment in investments, net of sale proceeds including term deposits.

## Net cash flows used in investing activities

Net cash flows used in investing activities decreased from $2.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to $1.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. This was primarily due to lower level of additions of office premises and intangible assets.

Net cash flows used in investing activities increased from $1.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to $2.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily due to the addition of office premises and the purchase of intangible assets.

## Net cash flows (used in) from financing activities

Net cash flows used in financing activities decreased by $2.7 million from a net cash outflow of $16.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021  to  a  net  cash  outflow  of  $14.2 million  in  the  year  ended  December 31,  2022.  The  cash  outflow  from  financing  activities  in  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 primarily represented a dividend payment of $10.8 million and purchase of treasury shares of $2.4 million.

Net cash flows from financing activities decreased by $52.6 million from a net cash inflow of $35.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2020 to a net cash outflow of $16.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The cash outflow from financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily represented a dividend payment of $16.1 million.

## Ratings

In November 2021, A.M. Best Company ('A.M. Best') reaffirmed our rating with an 'A' (Excellent)/Stable. This rating reflects A.M. Best's view of our financial strength, underwriting performance and ability to meet obligations to policyholders. In November 2022, A.M. Best reaffirmed our rating with an 'A' (Excellent)/Stable.

In April 2022, S&amp;P Global Ratings ('S&amp;P') reaffirmed our financial strength with an 'A-'/Stable.

## Capital Requirements

We are subject to regulatory and internal management capital requirements.

## BMA requirements

IGI  Bermuda  is  regulated  by  the  BMA  and  as  such  is  subject  to  the  BMA's  capital  requirements.  For  purposes  of  IGI  Bermuda's  capital requirements, the BMA considers the combination of risk bearing entities that consolidate into IGI Bermuda in addition to treating other companies in the IGI group as 'investments in affiliates' and so assesses the capital and solvency of the group as a whole. IGI Bermuda holds sufficient capital adequacy and solvency margins as mandated by the statutory capital requirements of the BMA.

IGI Bermuda holds a class 3B insurance license which is given to large commercial insurers with net written premiums exceeding $50 million. IGI Bermuda generated net written premiums of $389.5 million, $382.6 million and $338.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The Insurance Act provides that the statutory assets of a general business insurer must exceed its statutory liabilities by an amount greater than the prescribed MSM which varies with the type of registration of the insurer under the Insurance Act.

For Class 3B licensed entities the MSM is the greater of:

- $1 million;
- for insurers with net premium income (the 'NPI') of up to $6 million, 20% of NPI, and for insurers with NPI of greater than $6 million, the aggregate of $1.2 million plus 15% of the amount by which NPI exceeds $6 million;
- 15% of the aggregate of net loss and loss expense provisions and other general business insurance reserves; or
- 25% of the ECR (as defined below) as reported at the end of the relevant year.

As such, the MSM required of IGI was $57.8 million, $58.3 million and $49.9 million, in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The BMA also requires Class 3B insurers to maintain an additional amount of statutory capital and surplus equal to, or exceeding, the ECR, which is established by reference to either the BSCR or an approved internal capital model. The BSCR is calculated based on models provided by the BMA. The ECR required of IGI Bermuda was $231.0 million, $233.4 million and $199.7 million in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The BMA also established a TCL above the ECR which insurers are expected to hold at least in total equivalent to 120% of the ECR ('the Target Capital'). The TCL required of IGI Bermuda was $277.2 million, $280.1 million and $239.6 million in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

IGI  Bermuda's  audited  statutory  financial  statements  submitted  to  the  BMA  reflect  the  foregoing  capital  adequacy  and  solvency  margin requirements, as well as IGI's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the BMA's requirements by 179%, 162% and 180% in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively:

| Year Ended December 31  2022*  2021**  2020  ($) in millions  BMA regulatory requirements  Minimum Margin of Solvency (MSM)  57.8  58.3  49.9  Enhanced Capital Requirement (ECR)  231.0  233.4  199.7  Target Capital Level (TCL)  277.2  280.1  239.6  IGI Bermuda's statutory capital and surplus  413.8  377.5  359.2  Bermuda Solvency Capital Requirement Ratio  179  162  180  Headroom over TCL  136.6  96.4  119.6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The 2022 figures are based on IGI Bermuda's draft statutory financial return.

** The 2021 figures have been updated based on IGI Bermuda's final statutory financial return.

## PRA requirements

IGI UK is subject to regulation by the UK FCA and the UK PRA. The Solvency Capital Requirement ('SCR') for IGI UK is governed by the Solvency II regime which sets rules governing the level and quality of capital held by an insurer and the capital requirements applicable to that firm.

The Solvency II measure of available capital ('Own Funds') uses IFRS shareholders' funds as a starting point and applies a number of specific adjustments  prescribed  under  Solvency II. The  primary  adjustments  reflect  the  fact  that  Solvency II  is  based  on  the  principle  of  an  economic  balance sheet - outstanding reserves and associated reinsurance recoverables being considered on a discounted best-estimate basis. A full reconciliation between the Solvency II and IFRS bases is provided in the annual Solvency &amp; Financial Condition Report published on IGI's website ( www.iginsure.com ).

The Solvency II measure of required capital, the SCR, is calibrated using the Value at Risk (VaR) of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance undertaking subject to a confidence level of 99.5% over a one-year period, with a minimum of €3.7 million. IGI UK has chosen the Solvency II Standard Formula (the 'Standard Formula') method to calculate its SCR.

IGI has assessed the appropriateness of the Standard Formula on both a qualitative and quantitative basis and considers it to provide an appropriate fit to the Company's business and risk profile.

Specifically, the assessment confirms that the Standard Formula:

- captures the full scope of risks to which the Company is exposed and for which the holding of capital is an appropriate response;
- is sufficiently sensitive to future changes in the risk profile on both the asset and liabilities side of the balance sheet including the influence of outward reinsurance arrangements;
- has been applied in full with no application of undertaking specific parameters, simplifications or transitional measures; and
- is applied with an adjustment for the risk absorbing effect of technical provisions and deferred taxes.

The Standard Formula SCR and associated Solvency II Own Funds are recalculated at least quarterly and at other times in response to an actual or projected material change in the risk profile and the results reported in full to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the UK Board in addition to being communicated to the IGI Bermuda and IGI Holdings Boards.

The adequacy of the Company's Own Funds to meet the SCR is monitored on an ongoing basis and particularly in the event of an anticipated or actual material impairment in the level of Own Funds.

IGI UK's audited statutory financial statements submitted to the PRA reflect the foregoing capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements, as well as IGI UK's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the PRA's requirements by 57% and 51% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. IGI UK's financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect the foregoing capital adequacy and solvency margin requirements, as well as IGI UK's actual statutory capital surplus, which exceeded the PRA's requirements by 52%.

## MFSA requirements

Following its acquisition in June 2021, IGI Europe is subject to regulation by the MFSA. The Solvency Capital Requirement (SCR) for IGI Europe is governed by the Solvency II regime which sets rules governing the level and quality of capital held by an insurer and the capital requirements applicable to that firm.

The Solvency II measure of required capital, the SCR, is calibrated using the Value at Risk (VaR) of the basic own funds of an insurance or reinsurance  undertaking  subject  to  a  confidence  level  of  99.5%  over  a  one-year  period,  with  a  minimum  of  €3.7 million.  IGI  Europe  has  chosen  the Solvency II Standard Formula (the 'Standard Formula') method to calculate its SCR.

IGI has assessed the appropriateness of the Standard Formula on both a qualitative and quantitative basis and considers it to provide an appropriate fit to the Company's business and risk profile.

Specifically, the assessment confirms that the Standard Formula:

- captures the full scope of risks to which the Company is exposed and for which the holding of capital is an appropriate response;
- is sufficiently sensitive to future changes in the risk profile on both the asset and liabilities side of the balance sheet including the influence of outward reinsurance arrangements;
- has been applied in full with no application of undertaking specific parameters, simplifications or transitional measures; and
- is applied with adjustment for the risk absorbing effect of technical provisions and deferred taxes.

The Standard Formula SCR and associated Solvency II Own Funds are recalculated at least quarterly and at other times in response to an actual or projected material change in the risk profile and the results are reported in full to the board of directors of IGI Europe in addition to being communicated to the board of directors of IGI and IGI Bermuda.

The adequacy of the Company's Own Funds to meet the SCR is monitored on an ongoing basis and particularly in the event of an anticipated or actual material impairment in the level of Own Funds.

IGI  Europe's  audited  statutory  financial  statements  submitted  to  the  MFSA  reflect  the  foregoing  capital  adequacy  and  solvency  margin requirements, as well as IGI Europe's actual statutory capital surplus. IGI Europe's financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 reflect  the  foregoing  capital  adequacy  and  solvency  margin  requirements,  as  well  as  IGI  Europe's  actual  statutory  capital  surplus,  which  exceeded  the MFSA's requirements by 108% and 140% for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Derivative Financial Liability

In  connection with the consummation of our business combination with Tiberius, we issued 4,500,000 private warrants and 12,750,000 public warrants. We recognize the warrants as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Group's consolidated statement of income.

## C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc.

We had no significant research and development policies or activities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We do not have any patents or licenses that are material for conducting our business, except as described in this annual report.

## D. Trend Information

Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events for the current  fiscal  year  that  will  have  a  material  effect  on  our  net  revenues,  income,  profitability,  liquidity  or  capital  reserves,  or  that  caused  the  disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative of future operating results or financial conditions.

## Investments

Our  primary  investment  objectives  are  to  maintain  liquidity,  preserve  capital  and  generate  a  stable  level  of  investment  income.  We  purchase securities  that  we  believe  are  attractive  on  a  relative  value  basis  and  seek  to  generate  returns  in  excess  of  predetermined  benchmarks.  Our  investment strategy has historically been established by our investment team and has historically been approved by our board of directors. The strategy is comprised of high-level  objectives  and  prescribed  investment  guidelines  which  govern  asset  allocation.  In  accordance  with  our  investment  guidelines,  we  maintain certain  minimum  thresholds  of  cash,  short-term  investments,  and  highly-rated  fixed  maturity  securities  relative  to  our  consolidated  net  reserves  and estimates of probable maximum loss exposures to provide necessary liquidity in a wide range of reasonable scenarios. As such, we structure our managed cash  and  investment  portfolio  to  support  policyholder  reserves  and  contingent  risk  exposures  with  a  liquid  portfolio  of  high  quality  fixed-income investments with a comparable duration profile.

In 2022, we managed most of our investment portfolio in-house, with the exception of approximately $18.2 million which was managed by a third party investment advisor. Our investment team is responsible for implementing the investment strategy as set by the investment committee established by our management and routinely monitors the portfolio to ensure that these parameters are met.

The fair value of our investments, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was as follows:

| Fair Value  Asset Description  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Fixed income securities  491.1  420.9  Fixed and call deposits  366.9  305.9  Cash at banks and held with investments managers  68.1  116.2  Equities  31.4  34.9  Real estate  21.1  22.0  Alternative funds  12.2  14.4  Total  990.8  914.3   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table shows the distribution of bonds and debt securities with fixed interest rates according to the international rating agencies' classifications as of December 31, 2022:

| Rating Grade  Bonds  Unquoted  Bonds  Total  ($) in millions  AAA  4.6  -  4.6  AA  45.5  -  45.5  A  289.5  -  289.5  BBB  147.0  -  147.0  BB  0.2  -  0.2  Not Rated  2.3  2.0  4.3  Total  489.1  2.0  491.1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarizes our investment results as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  2020  ($) in millions, unless otherwise specified  Average investments  (1)  931.2  855.9  707.5  Average investments and cash portfolio excluding cash and bank balances  (2)  803.5  690.3  571.7  Total investment income  (3)  16.6  8.7  8.5  Percent earned on average investments  (4)  1.8%  1.0%  1.2%  Minus  Realized (loss) gain on investments  (5)  (0.7)  0.3  1.2  Minus  Realized loss on investment properties  (0.1)  -  (0.2)  Minus  Unrealized (loss) gain on investments  (6)  (2.9)  3.1  (0.2)  Minus  Fair value loss on investment properties  (0.6)  (1.3)  (2.0)  Minus  Expected credit losses on investments  (7)  -  (0.2)  (0.3)  Minus  Share of profit (loss) from associates  0.2  (7.3)  (1.5)  Total investment income, net  (8)(10)  20.7  14.1  11.5  Investment yield (a)  (9)  2.2%  1.6%  1.6%  Investment yield (b)  (10)  2.6%  2.0%  2.0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes investments, investment properties, investments in associates, cash and bank balances and term deposits. The comparative data for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which was calculated based on average cost, have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.

(3) Total investment income is comprised of interest and dividend income, realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments, realized gain (loss) on investment  properties,  fair  value  gain  (loss)  on  investment  properties,  expected  credit  loss  on  investments,  share  of  profit  (loss)  from  associates, investment custodian fees and other investment expenses.

(2) Includes investments, investment properties, investments in associates and term deposits. The comparative data for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which was calculated based on average cost, have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.

(4) Reflects total investment income divided by average investments.

(6) Unrealized gain (loss) on investments includes unrealized loss on revaluation of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss.

(5) Net realized gain and loss on investments is comprised of realized gain and loss on the sale of bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income, plus fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss.

(7) Expected credit losses on investments include an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss.

(9) Represents total investment income, net divided by average investments.

(8) Represents net investment income and share of profit (loss) from associates, net of (a) net realized gain (loss) on investments, (b) realized gain (loss) on investment properties, (c) unrealized gain (loss) on investments, (d) fair value gain (loss) on investment properties, (e) expected credit losses on investments, and (f) share of profit (loss) from associates.

(10) Represents total investment income, net divided by average investments and cash portfolio excluding cash and bank balances.

For comparison, the following are the coupon returns for the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index and the dividend returns for the S&amp;P 500 ® Index:

| As of December 31  2022  2021  2020  %  Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index  2.7  2.4  2.8  S&amp;P 500  ®  Index (dividend return)  1.7  1.3  1.5   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  cost  or  amortized  cost  and  carrying  value  of  our  fixed-maturity  investments  as  of  December 31,  2022  is  presented  below  by  contractual maturity.  Actual  maturities  could  differ  from  contractual  maturities  because  borrowers  may  have the right  to  call  or  prepay  certain  obligations  with  or without call or prepayment penalties.

| As of December 31, 2022  Cost  Carrying  Value  ($) in millions  2023  38.0  36.7  2024  97.1  93.4  2025  130.6  122.1  2026  115.0  103.1  2027  48.5  43.7  2028  33.2  28.4  2029  24.2  20.5  2030  6.1  5.1  2031  10.9  8.9  2032  2.0  1.6  2033  0.1  0.1  After 2033  37.2  27.5  Total  542.9  491.1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reinsurance

We follow customary industry practice of reinsuring a portion of our exposures in exchange for paying reinsurers a part of the premiums received on the policies we write. Our reinsurance program enhances the quality of our core operations by reducing exposure to potential catastrophe and other high severity losses, limiting volatility in underwriting performance, and providing us with greater visibility into our future earnings. Although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policies, it does make the assuming reinsurer liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance coverage. We monitor the financial condition of our reinsurers and place our coverages only with generally financially sound carriers. Reinsurance coverage and retentions vary depending on the line of business, location of the risk and nature of loss. Our reinsurance purchases include the following:

- We purchase property, onshore energy and engineering reinsurance to reduce our exposure to large individual property losses and catastrophe events. The following is a summary of significant property reinsurance treaties in effect as of July 1, 2022. Our per risk reinsurance covers losses from an entry point of $10.0 million up to $50.0 million PML. PML error is purchased beyond this limit for a further $22.5 million. Our catastrophe reinsurance purchase is $77.5 million with a reinstatable limit above an entry point of $12.5 million.

- We purchase offshore energy reinsurance to reduce our exposure to large losses. As of July 1, 2022, our maximum platform exposure was $75.0 million. Our offshore reinsurance protection has an entry point of $10.0 million and provides coverage up to a further $87.5 million covering an element of 'clash coverage' for a moveable risk relating to a fixed platform. The maximum 'moveable risks' coverage is $25.0 million.
- Casualty reinsurance treaties - We purchase casualty reinsurance to reduce our exposure to large losses. A significant treaty is in effect as of January 1, 2022 providing us with two layers of protection. The 1 st layer provides coverage for losses in excess of $2.5 million and is 35% placed, and the 2 nd layer provides coverage for losses in excess of $5.0 million and is 80% placed. In addition, we place further reinsurance of 20%  on  a  Quota  Share  basis  for  London  office  written  personal  injury  policies  and  London/Bermuda  office  issued  director  and  officer policies.
- Other reinsurance - Depending on the operating unit, we purchase specific additional reinsurance to supplement the above programs.

Our reinsurance strategy is generally driven by our objective to maximize risk adjusted returns and informed by our capital position and cost of reinsurance  coverage.  We  buy  property  reinsurance  to  reduce  exposure  to  large  individual  property  losses  and  catastrophe  events.  We  buy  casualty reinsurance to reduce exposure to large liability losses. We purchase facultative and other reinsurance to balance our book of business and optimize our returns. We monitor the reinsurance market closely and at times will cede a greater proportion of our premiums if the availability and cost of reinsurance improves the overall risk and profitability profile of our business. Conversely, when the reinsurance markets are less attractive, we will seek to retain a greater portion of the premiums we write. Our reinsurance purchasing strategy impacts our financial results as our net premiums may increase or decrease depending on our reinsurance program.

We buy our casualty reinsurance on a 'risk attaching' basis. Under risk attaching treaties, all claims from policies incepting during the year of the reinsurance contract are covered even if they occur after the expiration date of the reinsurance contract. If we are unable to renew or replace our existing reinsurance coverage, protection for unexpired policies would remain in place until their expiration. In such case, we could revise our underwriting strategy for  new  business  to  reflect  the  absence  of  reinsurance  protection.  Property  catastrophe  reinsurance  is  generally  placed  on  a  'losses  occurring  basis,' whereby only claims occurring during the year are covered. If we are unable to renew or replace these reinsurance coverages, unexpired policies would not be protected, and therefore we would seek to purchase run off coverage.

## Reinsurance Recoverables

At December 31, 2022, approximately 85.3% of IGI's reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses (not including ceded unearned premiums) of $188.9 million were due from carriers which had an A.M. Best rating of 'A-' or better. The largest reinsurance recoverables from any one carrier was approximately 6.8% of total shareholders' equity available to IGI at December 31, 2022.

The  following  table  shows  our  top  5  reinsurers  as  of  December 31,  2022,  their  credit  rating  as  of  December 31,  2022,  and  the  reinsurance recoverable from such reinsurers as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (dollars in millions):

| Reinsurer  Rating  Reinsurance  Recoverable at  December 31,  2022  Reinsurance  Recoverable at  December 31,  2021  Hannover Re. - Germany  A+  $  29.1  $  40.3  Eurasia Insurance Company - Kazakhstan  B++  $  23.4  $  2.2  Transatlantic Reinsurance Company - UK  A+  $  12.5  $  8.2  Swiss Re. - Switzerland  A+  $  9.9  $  3.4  Houston Specialty Insurance Company - USA  A-  $  9.8  $  1.3  Total  $  84.7  $  55.4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Reserves

To  recognize  liabilities  for  outstanding  claims,  both  known  or  unknown,  insurers  establish  reserves,  which  is  a  balance  sheet  account  entry representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred. Estimates and assumptions relating to reserves for net claims and claim adjustment expenses are based on complex and subjective judgments, often including the interplay of specific uncertainties with related accounting and actuarial measurements. Such estimates are susceptible to change. For example:

- At the time of loss information available regarding the circumstances and the extent of a loss may not be fully known.
- It may not be clear whether the circumstances of a loss are covered.
- If a legal decision is required to resolve coverage this may take many years.
- The actions the insured takes to remediate the loss may affect the eventual loss amount (favorably or unfavorably).
- For this purpose, the term 'loss' refers to a claim and the direct costs associated with claims settlement. Except where specific reference to the costs associated with claims settlement is made, the term 'claim' and 'loss' are used interchangeably.
- The availability  of  replacement parts,  skilled  labor,  access  to  the  loss  site  and  the  speed  at  which  repairs  can  be  undertaken  many  not  be known for some time and may be subject to change.
- It may be many years before the occurrence of a loss becomes known.
- Where  claims  take  a  long  time  to  settle  new  information,  changes  in  circumstances,  legal  decisions,  rates  of  exchange  and  economic conditions (particularly claims inflation) may affect the value and validity of claims made.

When a claim is reported, a member of the claims team will establish a 'case reserve'. The case reserve will represent an estimate of the expected settlement amount and will be based on information about the specific claim at that time. The estimate represents an informed judgment based on general industry reserving practices, the experience and knowledge of the claims handler and practices of the claims team. If insufficient information is available, the claims handler may be unable to establish an estimate and will seek further information that will allow an informed estimate to be established. Claims reserves are also established to provide for:

- losses Incurred But Not Reported to the insurer ('pure IBNR');
- potential changes in the adequacy of case reserves ('Incurred But Not Enough Reported' or 'IBNER'); and
- the estimated expenses of settling claims, including both:
- Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses: claims specific costs (such as legal, loss adjuster fees); and
- Unallocated Loss Adjustment Expenses: other general expenses (such as the costs of maintaining the claims handling function).

The timing of our results depends in large part on the extent to which the development and settlement of claims and reinsurance recoveries are consistent with the assumptions used to establish reserves. If expectations for and/or the actual cost of settlement increase or the timing of reporting and/or settlement changes, then we face the risk that the reserves in our financial statements may be inadequate and need to be increased. In this event an increase in reserves would cause a reduction in our profitability and could result in operating losses and a reduction of capital.

## The Reserving Committee

The reserving committee is responsible to the board of directors for the governance of the reserving process and for the recommendation of the quantum  of  claims  reserves  to  be  booked.  The  committee  includes  members  of  senior  management  who  represent  the  underwriting,  claims,  outward reinsurance,  actuarial  and  finance  departments.  The  committee  meets  quarterly  and  agrees  the  carried  reserve  for  each  product  line.  Key  inputs  to  the committee include but are not limited to the quarterly actuarial reserve review, presented by the Group Chief Actuary, and discussions with the heads of claims, reinsurance and underwriting. The committee also considers findings of external actuarial reviews.

## External (independent) Actuarial Review

Independent  reviews  of  IGI's  reserves  have  been  undertaken  by  a  third  party  actuarial  consultancy  since  2009.  At  present  these  reviews  are undertaken every twelve months.

We undertake statutory submissions to the BMA and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. Actuarial opinions are required to support the annual return. These opinions and the actuarial reviews of reserves supporting these opinions are undertaken by an independent, 'big four' actuarial consultant.

## Actuarial Review

In preparation for the recommendations to the reserving committee, our actuarial team undertakes a review of the reserves each quarter using a range of widely accepted actuarial methodologies and additional approaches as appropriate. The reserving process utilizes proprietary and commercially available actuarial models. Our experience is augmented by comparison to industry loss development patterns and other information.

Reserves  are  not  an  exact  calculation  of  liability,  but  rather  are  estimates  of  the  expected  cost  of  settling  claims.  This  process  relies  on  the assumption that past experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for projecting future claims development. The estimates are based on actuarial and statistical projections of facts and circumstances known at the time of the review, estimates of trends in claim frequency, severity and other variable factors, including new bases of liability and general economic conditions. These variables can be affected by many factors, including internal and external events, such as changes in claims handling procedures, economic inflation, foreign currency movements, legal trends, legislative decisions and changes and the recognition of new sources of claims.

Potentially, claims may emerge, particularly claims arising from changes in the legal and regulatory environment, the type or magnitude of which we are unable to predict.

Reserves for inward reinsurance may be  subject to  greater  uncertainty  than  for  insurance  primarily  because,  as  a  reinsurer,  we  rely  on  (i) the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies and (ii) information and data provided by the ceding companies. As a result, we are subject to the risk that our ceding companies may not have adequately evaluated the risks reinsured by us and the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the risks we assume. In addition, reinsurance reserves may be less reliable than insurance reserves because of the greater scope of losses underlying reinsurance claims, limitations on information provided and the generally longer lapse of time from the occurrence of the event to the reporting of the loss to the reinsurer and its settlement.

The estimation of adequate reserves is more difficult and thus more uncertain for claims arising from 'long-tail' policies, under which claims may not be paid until substantially beyond the end of the policy term. The estimation of such liabilities is subject to many complex variables, including the current legal environment, specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims, assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim frequency and severity, issues of coverage and the ability to locate defendants. Additional uncertainty also arises from the relative lack of development history  which  also  limits  the  scope  of  experience  on  which  estimates  are  based.  This  is  partially  mitigated  by  the  use  and  monitoring  against  market benchmarks.

While every effort is made to ensure we are reserved appropriately, changes in trends and other factors underlying our reserve estimates could result in our reserves being inadequate. Because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, we cannot provide assurance that our current reserves will prove adequate considering subsequent events. If our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we will be required to increase our reserves at the time with a corresponding reduction in our net income for that year. Such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on our results and our financial condition.

## Actuarial Methodologies

The main methodologies used to project claims to ultimate include resolution but are not limited to:

Chain Ladder Method: Using a development triangle 1 of cumulative claims amounts, a set of incremental development factors are calculated. The development factor is equal to the ratio of the cumulative claims at each development period to that at the previous development period. These development factors are then applied to the most recent data point in the triangle to project the current claims to ultimate resolution.

In selecting appropriate development factors, a number of important considerations are made which require actuarial judgement. These include, but are not limited to, the following general principles:

- Periods of larger claims volume and more mature development provide more credibility and should be given a larger weighting.
- Typical  claims  development  would  generally  expect  to  show  a  smooth  and  monotonically  decreasing  incremental  pattern  from  period  to period.
- Trends of the individual factors within each development, origin period and calendar year within the triangle are evaluated.
- The relevance of historical experience from older accident years used in projecting the future development of more recent accident years must be considered given changes in the mix of business, claims settlement processes, reinsurance protections and claims inflation within a class of business over time.
- Whether claims development is expected to continue beyond the period over which we have historic data available must be considered.

Where the credibility of the experience is considered insufficient to enable the selection of development factors thought to be representative of future claims development, a relevant market benchmark pattern may be considered, where available. Such patterns could be drawn from published industry information (e.g. LMA Lloyd's triangles, ABI or broker industry sector studies) and/or the actuary's own wider market experience. They would then be adjusted as far as is practicably possible and proportionate to the materiality of the business to capture known and expected differences in the development characteristics between the benchmark and class of business modelled.

Initial Expected Loss Ratio ('IELR') Method: This method estimates ultimate claims for each line of business and origin period to be equal to an IELR multiplied by the expected ultimate premium. The unpaid (IBNR) claims is the difference between these estimates and the current paid (or case reported) claims.

Each year the IELRs are derived for each line of business as part of the business planning process. Where relevant and credible data is available, a 'bridging' process is used to inform the selection of the IELRs and itself divides each IELR into the following components:

- Small Losses (individual losses below a specified threshold);
- Large Risk Losses (risk losses greater than a specified threshold);
- Modelled  Catastrophe  Losses  (losses  arising  from  perils  in  countries  modelled  by  our  natural  catastrophe  modelling  software,  currently Verisk); and
- Non-Modelled Losses.

1 Development triangle means values (in this case, cumulative paid or case reported claims) organized by year of origin (typically the applicable accident year) and development period (typically the number of quarters since the commencement of the original period).

The modelling process first considers the IELRs gross of outward reinsurance and then derives the anticipated outward reinsurance recoveries resulting from the gross assumptions. The reinsurance program is modelled within a capital modelling package (currently Aon's Tyche).

The aim of the bridging process is to restate trended and developed experience for each past year as if it was the experience in the underwriting year. Then the accident year loss ratios are derived by unwinding the underwriting year results by half a year. This restatement involves:

- For premiums: Estimating the premium that would be charged for the same group of risks (to the extent that sufficient information and time allows this will consider real rate changes, changes in the mix of business, line sizes, attachment points and limits).
- For  claims:  Modifying  past  claims  amounts  for  claims  inflation,  changes  in  coverage,  line  size  and  limits  (to  the  extent  that  sufficient information and time allows this will consider claims inflation, changes in the mix of business, line sizes, attachment points and limits).

With the exception of Modelled Losses, an IELR is selected using a credibility-weighted average of the as-if'd, trended and developed loss ratios. The IELR for Modelled Losses are taken as being equal to a judgmental average of the loss ratio derived from the Average Annual Loss ('AAL'), from IGI's Natural Catastrophe model, and the as-if'd, trended and developed loss ratios for Modelled business experienced historically.

Bornhuetter-Ferguson ('BF') method: This method is a blend of the Chain Ladder and IELR methods. Estimates can be made based on both paid claims and case reported claims.

- For paid claims: The BF paid estimate is equal to the paid claims plus the IELR Method ultimate claims multiplied by the expected percentage estimated to be unpaid (derived from the paid claims Chain Ladder Method).
- For case reported claims: The BF case reported estimate is equal to the case reported claims plus the IELR Method ultimate claims multiplied by the expected percentage estimated to be unreported (derived from the case reported claims Chain Ladder Method).

Other Methodologies: Additional exposure-based methodologies may be used where enough information is available and the materiality of the business, claims or the potential exposures involved are not adequately captured in a development triangle. Examples include:

- large exposures to known natural catastrophes (such as hurricanes, earthquakes and flood);
- large exposures to specific risk losses; and
- long-tailed low frequency, high severity classes.

## Reserve for Unallocated Loss Adjustment Expenses ('ULAE')

ULAE  amounts  are  expenses  arising  from  administering  claims  that  are  not  directly  attributable  to  individual  claims.  These  include  claims department salaries, an apportionment of the utilities, computer depreciation, office buildings depreciation, IT software expenses and investment expenses (Solvency II only) and the outward reinsurance department salaries. IGI expresses ULAE as a percentage of the gross unpaid reserves (case estimates and IBNR). IGI estimates ULAE reserves using methods that include but are not limited to:

- Claims staffing Method: This methodology assumes that the ULAE expenditures track in proportion with the number of claims processed, by way of:
- New claims reported during each calendar year.
- Claims remaining open at the end of each calendar year.
- Claims closed during each calendar year.
- Paid-to-Paid ratio: This method assumes that the historic ratio of ULAE to claims paid is consistent and that future ULAE is proportional to the unpaid claims.
- The Kittle Ratio: This method is similar to the Paid-to-Paid method, but assumes that future ULAE is proportional to the value of claims reported and claims settled.

## Ceded Reinsurance and Net IBNR

The outward reinsurance department determines outward reinsurance recoveries arising on case reported claims each month end by the application of the outwards program.

Reserves for outward reinsurance recoveries on estimated IBNR claims are determined by the application of reinsurance recovery ('RI') ratios to the estimated gross IBNRs. This process is undertaken by line of business and by year. The derivation of the RI ratio considers each type of reinsurance (Facultative, Proportional Treaty and Excess of Loss Treaty) separately. Broadly speaking, estimates of the RI ratio develops over time, commencing at the business plan assumption (for each reinsurance type) and ending-up as the ratios experienced. Between these times, an approximate subdivision of IBNR is made between pure IBNR and IBNER. The RI ratio applicable to pure IBNR being the business plan assumption and to the IBNER being a judgmental selection based on the ratio currently experienced.

## Reserving Results &amp; Development

As paid and incurred claims experience develop, our reserves are adjusted depending on how the actual development compares to that expected. This forms part of the regular reserving process, with the adequacy of reserves reviewed on a quarterly basis. If the claims experience is positive relative to expectations, the excess reserve is released in the year under review. Conversely, reserve deficiencies result in a negative charge to the current year profits.

The  following  table  provides  a  reconciliation  of  the  beginning  of  year  and  end  of  year  reserves  for  the  financial years  2020  to  2022  and demonstrates the reserve surplus and deficiencies recognized over this year.

## IGI Booked Reserves

| Year Ended December 31  ($) in millions  2022  2021  2020  Net outstanding claims at beginning of year  $  393.6  $  304.8  $  236.8  Net provision for claims and claims expenses:  Claims occurring during the current year  198.2  192.3  157.8  Provided during the year related to prior accident years  (40.4)  (16.1)  (6.1)  Total  $  551.4  $  481.0  $  388.5  Net payments for claims  Current year  14.9  16.1  13.1  Prior year  90.7  71.2  70.7  Total  $  105.6  $  87.3  $  83.8  Gross Case Reserves, IBNR and ULAE  634.6  575.9  492.3  Ceded Case Reserves, IBNR &amp; ULAE  (188.9)  (182.3)  (187.5)  Provided during the year related to prior Net outstanding claims  $  445.7  $  393.6  $  304.8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets out our claims reserving provisions including ULAE as of December 31, 2021 and as of December 31, 2022:

## Change in Case Reserves, IBNR and ULAE

| ($) in millions  As of  December  2022  As of  December  2021  Difference  Gross Reported Case Reserve  $  308.6  $  306.9  $  (1.7)  Reinsurance Reported Case Reserve  $  102.0  $  120.3  $  18.3  Net Reported Case Reserve  $  206.6  $  186.6  $  (20.0)  Net IBNR Reserves &amp; ULAE  $  239.1  $  207.0  $  (32.1)  Net outstanding claims  $  445.7  $  393.6  $  (52.1 )   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2021, net ultimate losses for accident year 2020 and prior years decreased by $16.1 million. This decrease reflected an increase of incurred claims of $66.7 million and a reduction in IBNR including ULAE of $82.8 million. The decrease was driven by favorable experience across each of IGI's lines except for the engineering, surety, marine and downstream energy lines of business. Ultimate claims for engineering increased by $7.6 million driven by an unfavorable movement of one claim with respect to the 2018 accident year. Estimates for ultimate claims increased for downstream energy in the amount of $3.9 million mainly related to the 2020 Puerto Rico earthquake. Estimates for surety and marine increased by $2.8 million and $1.0 million respectively related to greater than expected claims developments for 2019 and 2020 accident years.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net ultimate losses for accident year 2021 and prior years decreased by $40.4 million. This decrease reflected an increase of incurred claims of $57.1 million and a reduction in IBNR of $97.5 million. The decrease was driven by the currency translation effect resulting from the devaluation of mainly Pound Sterling against the US Dollar and favorable movement across all business lines (with the exception of  the  engineering,  marine,  political  violence,  reinsurance,  and  upstream  energy).  Ultimate  claims  for  engineering  increased  by  $4.3  million,  resulting primarily from the deterioration of one large claim with respect to the 2021 accident year. Estimates for the ultimate claims increased for marine in the amount of $2.5 million principally driven by two claims in the 2021 and 2020 accident years. Ultimate claims for political violence increased by $1.1 million driven by the deterioration of one event in the 2021 accident year. Estimates for upstream energy and reinsurance increased by $1.3 million and $1.1 million, respectively, related to greater than expected claims development for the 2021 accident year.

## Reserve releases/strengthening.

Best Estimate: IGI's actuarial recommended reserve is a 'best estimate' of the outstanding (unpaid) claims liabilities (the Actuarial Best Estimate). This is intended to represent the mathematical expected value of the distribution of reasonably foreseeable outcomes of the unpaid liabilities. The best estimate does not knowingly contain any prudence or bias in either direction. While the estimates are likely to change as future experience emerges, any changes would only arise as a result of experience being better or worse than current expectations, or from changes in our view of the market. These changes will not be as a result of gradual release of implicit or explicit margins as our results contain no margins.

Booked  Reserves: The  reserving  committee  is  responsible  to  the  board  of  directors  for  the  governance  of  the  reserving  process  and  for  the recommendation of the quantum of claims reserves to be booked. Key inputs to the committee include but are not limited to the quarterly Actuarial Reserve Review,  presented  by  the  Group  Chief  Actuary,  discussions  with  the  heads  of  claims,  reinsurance  and  underwriting  and  findings  of  external  actuarial reviews. The booked reserves may differ from the actuarial best estimate.

Time value of money: As of the date of this annual report, the reserves (determined under IFRS 4) make no explicit allowance for the time value of money (i.e. reserves are not discounted)

Reserve  Strengthening/Reserving  Release: Reserve  strengthening  is  the  term  used  when  the  reserves  established  previously  are  no  longer considered sufficient and are increased. The reserve strengthening will give rise to a charge against profits during that reporting year, reducing the profit for that year, possibly giving rise to an overall loss. Reserve release has the opposite effect.

The table below indicates that during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IGI has recorded reserving releases (item (C)).

Increases in Reserves/Decreases in Reserves: The size of reserves is determined by many factors. Key drivers that cause increases in the volume of reserves held include:

- An increase in the volume of business written;
- A change in the mix of business written toward business that takes a longer period to settle;
- Incidence of large risk or natural catastrophes; and
- Reserve strengthening.

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IGI had $239.1 million, $207.0 million and $152.8 million of incurred but not reported (IBNR) loss reserves including ULAE, respectively, net of reinsurance.

## Change in IGI Booked Net IBNR &amp; ULAE

| Year Ended December 31  ($) in millions  2022  2021  2020  Carrying balance of IBNR Reserves in Balance Sheet beginning balance (A)  $  207.0  $  152.8  $  107.3  Subsequent Movement in Following Financial year:  IBNR Reserves moved to Incurred Reserves (  B  )  (57.1)  (66.7)  (41.7)  IBNR Reserves strengthening/release pertaining to prior years (  C  )  (40.4)  (16.1)  (6.1)  IBNR Reserves added for new accident year (  D  )  129.6  137.0  93.3  Net charge to P/L (B+C+D) = (F)  $  32.1  $  54.2  $  45.5  Carrying balance of IBNR Reserves in Balance Sheet ending balance (A+F)  $  239.1  $  207.0  $  152.8   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below shows the development of IGI's net ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses by accident year.

| ($) in millions  Initial  1+  2+  3+  4+  5+  6+  7+  8+  9+  10+  Net  Premiums  Earned  2012  100.1  88.1  78.1  81.5  77.3  77.8  76.8  71.6  71.6  71.7  73.1  148.4  2013  123.6  121.7  120.6  117.1  109.5  107.7  107.6  107.3  107.1  105.6  180.6  2014  115.9  90.1  79.2  73.3  70.1  66.8  65.6  65.5  66.4  189.5  2015  92.9  87.0  79.8  75.3  73.1  72.6  71.9  72.4  155.8  2016  98.8  94.1  90.1  85.4  89.2  89.2  89.8  157.9  2017  110.3  117.2  116.4  113.9  112.0  111.8  146.7  2018  94.3  105.0  108.5  113.0  103.1  183.3  2019  124.4  115.7  100.1  107.0  215.5  2020  157.8  155.6  145.9  283.5  2021  192.3  162.9  345.2  2022  198.2  376.4   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For additional information about our reserves and reserves development, see Note 7 to IGI's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.

## Effects of Inflation

Inflation may have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations by its effect on interest rates and on the cost of settling claims. The potential exists after a catastrophe or other large property loss for the development of inflationary pressures in a local economy as the demand for services, such as construction, typically surges. The cost of settling claims may also be increased by global commodity price inflation. We take both these factors into account when setting reserves for any events where we think they may be material.

Our calculation of reserves for net claims and claim adjustment expenses includes assumptions about future payments for settlement of claims and claims-handling expenses. To the extent inflation causes these costs to increase above reserves established for these claims, we will be required to increase our loss reserves with a corresponding reduction in earnings. The actual effects of inflation on our results cannot be accurately known until claims are ultimately settled.

In addition to general price inflation, we are exposed to a persistent long-term upwards trend in the cost of judicial awards for damages. We take this into account in our pricing and reserving of our professional lines of business. We also take into account the projected impact of inflation on the likely actions of central banks in the setting of short-term interest rates and consequent effects on the yields and prices of fixed interest securities. If inflation, interest  rates  and  bond  yields  increase,  this  would  result  in  a  decrease  in  the  market  value  of  certain  of  our  fixed  interest  investments.  See  ' Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Business and Operations - Our results of operations, liabilities and investment portfolio may be materially affected by conditions impacting the level of interest rates in the global capital markets and major economies, such as central bank policies on interest rates and the rate of inflation .'

## E. Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation  of  our  consolidated  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and  assumptions  that  affect  the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.

## Judgements

In the process of applying our accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect in the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

## Classification of investments

We classify all our financial assets based on the business model for managing the assets and the asset's contractual terms. The categories include (a) amortized cost, (b) FVOCI and (c) FVTPL.

## Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  within  the  next  financial  period,  are  described  below.  We  based  our assumptions  and  estimates  on  parameters  available  when  the  consolidated  financial  statements  were  prepared.  Existing  circumstances  and  assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond our control. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Valuation of insurance contract liabilities

Considerable judgement by management is required in the estimation of amounts due to contract holders arising from claims made under insurance contracts. Such estimates are necessarily based on assumptions about several factors involving varying, and possibly significant, degrees of judgement and uncertainty and actual results may differ from management's estimates resulting in future changes in estimated liabilities.

In particular, estimates have to be made for both the expected ultimate cost of claims reported and the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not yet reported (IBNR) at the consolidated statement of financial position date. The primary technique adopted by management in estimating the cost of notified and IBNR claims, is that of using past claim settlement trends to predict future claims settlement trends. Claims requiring court or arbitration decisions are estimated individually. Independent loss adjustors normally estimate property claims. Management reviews its provisions for claims incurred, and claims incurred but not reported, on a quarterly basis.

Similar judgements, estimates and assumptions are employed in the assessment of adequacy of provisions for unearned premiums. Judgement is also required in determining whether the pattern of insurance service provided by a contract requires amortization of unearned premiums on a basis other than time apportionment.

Total carrying amount of insurance contract liabilities as at period ended December 31, 2022 was $634,6 million (2021: $575.9 million). As at December 31, 2022, gross incurred but not reported claims (IBNR) amounted to $326.0 million (2021: $269.0 million) out of the total insurance contract liabilities.

## Expected credit loss for insurance receivables

We use a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for insurance receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various policy holder's segments that have similar loss patterns.

The provision matrix is initially based on our historical observed default rates. We will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the  next  period  which  can  lead  to  an  increased  number  of  defaults  in  the  sector,  the  historical  default  rates  are  adjusted.  At  every  reporting  date,  the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

The  amount  of  ECLs  is  sensitive  to  changes  in  circumstances  and  of  forecast  economic  conditions.  Our  historical  credit  loss  experience  and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of policy holder's actual default in the future.

In  our  ECL  models,  we  rely  on  a  range  of  forward-looking  information  as  economic  inputs,  such  as  (1)  real  GDP  growth  by  region  and  (2) projected GDP growth by region.

In determining impairment of financial assets, judgement is required in the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows as well as an assessment  of  whether  the  credit  risk  on  the  financial  asset  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  and  incorporation  of  forward-looking information in the measurement of ECL.

We consider insurance receivables in default when contractual payments are 360 days past due, and in doing so management considers but does not depend only on the age of the relevant accounts receivable. The adequacy of our past estimates as well as the high turnover ratio of receivables are also considered as main factors in evaluating the collectability of insurance receivables, especially in regions where we have experienced historical trends of slow collection such as the Middle East and Africa. Even in such regions, however, we typically ultimately recovered the due premiums in full.

We have in place credit appraisal policies for written business. We monitor and follow up on receivables for insurance transactions on an ongoing basis.  Wherever,  as  a  result  of  this  formal  chasing  process,  management  determines  that  the  settlement  of  a  receivable  is  not  probable,  a  notice  of cancellation  (NOC)  will  be  issued  within  30  -  60  days  from  the  premium  past  due  date.  If  the  premium  due  is  not  paid  within  the  NOC  period,  the insurance policy will be cancelled ab initio.

We do not pay claims on policies where the policyholder is past due on premium payments, except for cases where the policyholder's broker confirms that the due premium is in the process of being collected.

## Ultimate premiums

In addition to reported premium income, we also include an estimate for pipeline premiums representing amount due on business written but not yet reported. This is based on management's judgement of market conditions and historical data using premium development patterns evident from active underwriting periods to predict ultimate premiums trends at the close of the fiscal period.

## ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

## A. Directors and Senior Management

The following table sets forth our current directors and executive officers:

| Directors and Executive Officers  Age  Position/Title  Wasef Salim Jabsheh  80  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  Walid Wasef Jabsheh  46  President and Director  David Anthony  68  Director  Michael T. Gray  62  Director  David King  77  Director  Wanda Mwaura  50  Director  Andrew J. Poole  42  Director  Hatem Wasef Jabsheh  43  Chief Operating Officer  Pervez Rizvi  61  Chief Financial Officer  Andreas Loucaides  70  Chief Executive Officer, IGI UK   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  business  address  of  Wasef  Salim  Jabsheh,  Hatem  Wasef  Jabsheh  and  Pervez  Rizvi  is  74  Abdel  Hamid  Sharaf  Street,  P.O. Box  941428, Amman 11194, Jordan. The business address of Walid Wasef Jabsheh, David Anthony, David King and Andreas Loucaides is 15-18 Lime Street, London, EC3M 7AN, United Kingdom. The business address of Michael T. Gray and Andrew J. Poole is 3601 N Interstate 10 Service Rd W, Metairie, LA, 70002, United States. The business address of Wanda Mwaura is Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, HM 11, Bermuda.

Biographical information concerning our directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below.

Wasef Jabsheh serves as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, positions he has held since March 17, 2020. Wasef Jabsheh founded IGI in 2001 and served as the Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of IGI Dubai from 2011 until March 17, 2020. Wasef Jabsheh has specialized in marine and energy insurance for more than 50 years in various prominent roles with the Kuwait Insurance Co and with ADNIC (the Abu Dhabi National Insurance Company) from the mid-1970s to the late 1980s. In 1989, Mr. Jabsheh established Middle East Insurance Brokers and two years later founded International Marine &amp; General Insurance Co. He also served as a member of the board of directors of HCC Insurance Holdings Inc. from 1994 until 1997.

Walid Jabsheh serves as our President and as a Director, positions he has held since March 17, 2020. Walid Jabsheh joined IGI in 2002 and, prior to his current role at the Company, served as the President of IGI Dubai where he played a pivotal role in the growth and development of IGI Dubai. Walid Jabsheh began his career at Manulife Reinsurance in Toronto, Canada and later joined LDG Reinsurance Corporation, a subsidiary of Houston Casualty Co, in 1998 where he served as Senior Underwriter managing a $30 million book of treaty and facultative business.

David Anthony has served as a Director since March 17, 2020. Mr. Anthony served as a Non-Executive director on the board of IGI Dubai from July 2018 through March 2020. Since June 2018, Mr. Anthony has been an independent insurance consultant. From March 1994 to June 2018, Mr. Anthony was a Director and Senior Analyst with S&amp;P Global Ratings (formerly Standard &amp; Poor's), where he was an active lead rating analyst and a Chair of its Insurance Rating Committee. Before joining S&amp;P Global Ratings, Mr. Anthony was Senior Relationship Manager and Vice President, European Insurance Banking Group, at Citi Bank N.A. London from June 1987 to April 1992, and Senior Insurance Analyst at Moody's Investors Service, New York from April 1992  to  March 1994.  Mr. Anthony  has  more  than  30 years  of  experience  in  the  insurance  and  reinsurance  industry,  which  has  included  senior, insurance-related positions at ratings agencies and with international banks. Throughout his career he has worked extensively in Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and the United States. Mr. Anthony holds a Master of Science degree in Economic History from the University of London.

Michael T. Gray has served as a Director since March 17, 2020. Mr. Gray has over 30 years of leadership experience in the insurance industry. He served on the board of Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., a company formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination, which went public in December 2020 and closed its initial business combination with FOXO Technologies Inc. in September 2022. He served as the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tiberius from its inception until the closing of the business combination between IGI and Tiberius in March 2020. He is the principal executive and President of The Gray Insurance Company, a middle-market property and casualty insurance company. Mr. Gray became President of The Gray Insurance Company in 1996. In addition to his role at The Gray Insurance Company, Mr. Gray has served as Chairman of the board of the Louisiana Insurance Guaranty Association since 2008 (director since 1995), director of the American Property Casualty Insurance Association (APCI) since 2019 (and was director of the predecessor organizations American Insurance Association since 2011 and Property Casualty Insurers Association of America since  2010),  director  of  the  Tulane  University  Family  Business  Center  Advisory  Council  since  2008  and,  from  1999  to  2003,  served  on  the  board  of directors of Argo Group International Holdings (NASDAQ: AGII), a global property and casualty, specialty insurance, and reinsurance products provider. Mr. Gray was the Chairman of the board of Family Security, a personal lines/homeowners insurance company, in which The Gray Insurance Company held an  ownership  interest  from  2013  to  2015.  This  culminated  in  the  sale  of  the  company,  which  Mr. Gray  led,  to  United  Insurance  Holding  Corporation (NASDAQ: UIHC).  The  parent  of  The  Gray  Insurance  Company,  Gray &amp;  Company,  has  acquired  or  developed  several  businesses  under  Mr. Gray's guidance,  including  surplus  lines  insurance  and  title  insurance,  casualty  and  surety  insurance,  oil  production  and  exploration  facilities,  technology development and real estate. Mr. Gray holds a B.A. from Southern Methodist University and an MBA from Tulane University. Mr. Gray graduated from the Harvard Business School 'Presidents Program in Leadership' in 2020.

David  King has  served  as  a  Director  since  March 17,  2020.  Mr. King  served  as  a  Non-Executive Director  on  the  board  of  our  wholly-owned subsidiary,  International  General  Insurance  Holdings  Limited,  a  company  organized  under  the  laws  of  the  Dubai  International  Financial  Centre  ('IGI Dubai'), from November 2012 through 2020. He also served as Non-Executive Chairman and a member of the audit committee of International General Insurance Company (UK) Limited, our wholly-owned subsidiary, until March 17, 2022. He also serves as non-executive chairman of Forex Capital Markets Limited,  where  he  has  been  a  Non-Executive Director  since  August 2014  and  is  a  member  of  its  audit  committee  and  nomination  and  remuneration committee. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. King was executive director of Middle East business development at China Construction Bank International. Prior to that, he was the director of finance and administration of the London Metal Exchange between 1987 and 1989, chief executive officer of The London Metal Exchange from 1989 to 2001, managing director and acting Chief Executive of the Dubai Financial Services Authority from 2003 to 2005 and managing director of global banking in the MENA division of HSBC Bank Middle East Limited from 2005 to 2008. David King is a fellow in the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and holds a Master of Business Administration from Cranfield University.

Wanda Mwaura has  served  as  a  Director  since  March 17,  2020.  Ms.  Mwaura  has  more  than  27 years  of  financial  services,  reinsurance,  and accounting and advisory experience. She began providing auditing and advisory services at Ernst &amp; Young Ltd. in 1996, specializing in financial services with a focus in reinsurance. Ms. Mwaura was at Ernst &amp; Young Ltd. from 1996 through 2013, including serving as a partner from 2005 to 2013. She later served as the Head of External Reporting and Accounting Policy at PartnerRe, a leading global reinsurer, from October 2013 to February 2017, and as External  Reporting  Director  and  Chief  Accounting  Officer  at  PartnerRe  from  February 2017  to  July 2019  and,  since  August 2019,  has  been  the  sole proprietor of Consult.bm, a director and consulting services provider to various entities in Bermuda. Ms. Mwaura is the Executive Director of the Bermuda Public Accountability Board. In July 2022, she was also appointed non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of the board of directors of a  London  Stock  Exchange  listed  entity,  Gulf  Keystone  Petroleum  Ltd.  Ms.  Mwaura  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Commerce  (Co-op)  degree  from  Dalhousie University, is a certified public accountant (CPA) and is a member of CPA Bermuda.

Andrew J. Poole has served as a Director since March 17, 2020. Mr. Poole has over 18 years of diversified investment experience. He served as Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chairman  of  Delwinds  Insurance  Acquisition  Corp.,  a  blank  check  company  which  went  public  in  December  2020  and consummated its  initial  business  combination  with  FOXO  Technologies  Inc.  in  September  2022.  He  joined  the  board  of  FOXO  Technologies  Inc.  in September 2022 and serves on its audit, compensation and nominating committees. Mr. Poole was the Chief Investment Officer of Tiberius, a blank check company which went public in March 2018 and which consummated its initial business combination with IGI in March 2020. Concurrently, from 2015 through December 2022, Mr. Poole was an investment consultant at The Gray Insurance Company. Mr. Poole's most recent role prior to joining Tiberius and The Gray Insurance Company was as Partner and Portfolio Manager at Scoria Capital Partners, LP, a long/short equity hedge fund, where he managed a portion of the firm's capital including insurance sector investments from 2013 to 2015. Prior to Scoria, Mr. Poole held various positions at Diamondback Capital Management from 2005 to 2012 (including Portfolio Manager from 2011 onwards) and SAC Capital from 2004 to 2005, both of which are multistrategy multi-manager cross capital structure long/short hedge funds. Earlier, Mr. Poole started his career at Swiss Re (SIX: SREN) working in facultative property placements in 2003 and was on the Board of Family Security, a personal lines insurance company, from 2013 to 2015 prior to the sale of the company to United Insurance Holdings Corporation (Nasdaq: UIHC). Mr. Poole is a graduate of The George Washington University.

Hatem Jabsheh has served as our Chief Operating Officer since March 17, 2020. Mr. Jabsheh has been IGI's Group Chief Operating Officer since 2017, and IGI's Chief Investment Officer since 2010. Mr. Jabsheh began his career in 2001 with Spear, Leads, and Kellogg, a subsidiary of Goldman Sachs. He worked in several pits at the CBOE (Chicago Board Options Exchange) and CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) as a primary market maker. He then moved to Amman, Jordan in 2004 to set up Indemaj Financial, an asset management and brokerage company, which he successfully sold in 2009. In 2006, Mr. Jabsheh set up Indemaj Technology, an open-source web development company, which was also later sold in 2012. His 18-year professional career spans executive roles in the asset management sector and reinsurance, all underscored by an aim to promote innovation and transformation. He is actively involved in the tech community, promoting disruption within the reinsurance industry. Mr. Jabsheh currently serves on the boards of the Swiss Jordanian Business Club and the United Cable Industries Company. Hatem Jabsheh is a graduate of Marquette University with a dual major in International Business and Finance and a minor in History.

Pervez Rizvi has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 17, 2020. Mr. Rizvi has served as the Group Chief Financial Officer of IGI Dubai since 2015. He has over 37 years of experience out of which 34 years are in the insurance and banking sectors. He obtained a Bachelor of Commerce in  Accounts and Management followed by a CA (India) and a CPA (USA). Mr. Rizvi is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Mr. Rizvi began his insurance career with the Life Insurance Corporation of India in 1989 and later worked with a number of financial institutions and insurance companies in the Middle East and Far East including HSBC Bank in the UAE and Malaysia and Zurich Financial Services in DIFC, Dubai.

Andreas Loucaides has served as the Chief Executive Officer of IGI UK since 2015. He began his career in the insurance industry in 1971, joining syndicate 702 at Lloyd's which was sold to Markel in 2000. He later founded a startup insurance company, PRI Group Plc (an FSA licensed A- rated AIM listed company with a market cap of £120 million) in 2002 as Chief Executive Officer. Following the profitable sale of PRI Group plc to Brit Holdings, Mr. Loucaides joined Catlin UK in 2004 as the Chief Executive Officer. In 2008, he joined Jubilee Group at Lloyd's as the CEO, overseeing the sale to Ryan Specialty Group in 2011. In 2012, Mr. Loucaides joined Lloyd's Syndicate 2526, assisting with its sale to AmTrust and supporting AmTrust in its purchase of Sagicor at Lloyd's.

## Classification of Directors

Our board of directors is comprised of seven directors. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that our board of directors is divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III with as nearly equal a number of directors in each group as possible. The Class I Directors were initially elected for a one-year term of office, the Class II Directors were initially elected for a two year term of office and the Class III Directors were initially  elected  for  a  three-year term  of  office.  At  each  annual  general  meeting,  successors  to  the  class  of  directors  whose  term  expires  at  that  annual general meeting shall be elected for a three-year term. A director will hold office until the annual general meeting for the year in which his or her term expires, subject to his or her office being vacated in accordance with our Amended and Restated Bye-laws.

Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, David Anthony and David King were elected as Class I Directors with terms that expired at our 2021 annual general meeting, Wanda Mwaura and Andrew Poole were elected as Class II Directors with terms expiring at our 2022 annual general meeting, and Wasef Jabsheh, Walid Jabsheh and Michael Gray were elected as Class III Directors with terms expiring at our 2023 annual general meeting. At the 2021 annual general meeting, David Anthony and David King were re-elected as Class I Directors with terms expiring at our 2024 annual general meeting. At the 2022 annual general meeting, Wanda Mwaura and Andrew Poole were re-elected as Class II Directors with terms expiring at our 2025 annual general meeting.

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that, if an eligible shareholder intends to nominate a person for election as a director, (a) at an annual general meeting, such notice must be given not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days before the anniversary of the last annual general meeting or, in the event the annual general meeting is called for a date that is not 30 days before or after such anniversary, the notice must be given not later than ten days following the earlier of the date on which notice of the annual general meeting was posted to shareholders or the date on which public disclosure of the date of the annual general meeting was made and (b) at a special general meeting, such notice must be given not later than 10 days following the earlier of the date on which notice of the special general meeting was posted to shareholders or the date on which public disclosure of the date of the special general meeting was made. An eligible shareholder is a shareholder holding in the aggregate at least 5% of our issued and outstanding share capital who has held such amount for at least three years following the date of adoption of the Amended and Restated Bye-Laws.

The directors are elected with a plurality of the votes cast by the shareholders and there is no cumulative voting for elections of directors, subject to the following:

- for so long as Wasef Jabsheh, his family and/or their affiliates own at least 10% of our issued and outstanding common shares and provided that Wasef Jabsheh remains a shareholder, Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint and classify two directors to the board of directors;
- for so long as Wasef Jabsheh, his family and/or their affiliates own at least 5% of our issued and outstanding common shares and provided that Wasef Jabsheh remains a shareholder, Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint and classify one director to the board of directors; and
- the remaining directors are elected by the shareholders.

Currently, Mr. Jabsheh's appointed directors - Wasef Jabsheh and Walid Jabsheh - are serving as Class III Directors with their terms expiring at our 2023 annual general meeting.

## Family Relationships

Wasef Jabsheh, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, is the father of Walid Jabsheh, our President, and Hatem Jabsheh, our Chief Operating Officer.  He  is  also  the  father  of  Hani  Jabsheh,  who  was  a  non-executive  director  of  IGI  Dubai  until  shortly  after  the  consummation  of  the  Business Combination,  and  the  uncle  of  Mohammad  Abu  Ghazaleh,  who  was  the  Chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  of  IGI  Dubai  until  shortly  after  the consummation of the Business Combination.

## B. Compensation

The aggregate amount of cash compensation, consisting of salaries and bonuses paid by us to our executive officers collectively during 2022, was approximately $7.7 million for services in all capacities. In addition, we have accrued $1.9 million of long-term benefits as of December 31, 2022 (in the form of the earn-out value of shares) in connection with the grant of restricted shares to certain executive officers.

The aggregate amount of cash compensation paid and accrued to our non-employee directors during 2022 was approximately $0.5 million.

In February 2022, our board of directors approved the grant of an aggregate of 135,000 restricted shares to certain executive officers. These shares vest in three equal installments on January 2, 2023, January 2, 2024 and January 2, 2025. The aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted shares granted to these executive officers was approximately $1.1 million.

In March 2022 our board of directors awarded 149,377 restricted shares to Wasef Jabsheh. These shares vest in three equal installments on January 2, 2023, January 2, 2024 and January 2, 2025. The grant date fair value of these restricted shares was $1.1 million.

## Executive Officer Compensation

Our  policies  with  respect  to  the  compensation  of  our  executive  officers  are  administered  by  our  board  of  directors  in  consultation  with  our compensation committee. The compensation policies followed by us are intended to provide for compensation that is sufficient to attract, motivate and retain  executives  of  outstanding  potential  and  to  establish  an  appropriate  relationship  between  executive  compensation  and  the  creation  of  shareholder value. To meet these goals, the compensation committee is charged with recommending executive compensation packages to our board of directors.

Equity-based compensation is an important foundation of the executive compensation package as we believe it is important to maintain a strong link between executive incentives and the creation of shareholder value. We believe that equity-based compensation can be an important component of the total  executive  compensation  package  for  maximizing  shareholder  value  while,  at  the  same  time,  attracting,  motivating  and  retaining  high-quality executives.

We  intend  to  be  competitive  with  other  similarly  situated  companies  in  the  insurance  industry.  The  compensation  decisions  regarding  our executives are based on our need to attract individuals with the skills necessary for us to achieve our business plan, to reward those individuals fairly over time, and to retain those individuals who continue to perform at or above our expectations.

As of the date of this annual report, we have not adopted any formal or informal policies or guidelines for allocating compensation between longterm and currently paid out compensation, between cash and non-cash compensation, or among different forms of compensation.

In addition to the guidance provided by our compensation committee, we may utilize the services of third parties from time to time in connection with  the  hiring  and  compensation  awarded  to  executive  employees.  This  could  include  subscriptions  to  executive  compensation  surveys  and  other databases.

## Director Compensation

We have established  a  compensation  program  for  our  directors  who  are  not  executive  officers  of  the  Company,  which  consists  of  an  annual retainer, meeting fees for attending board and committee meetings, and a fee for serving as chairman of a committee. We will also reimburse our directors for reasonable documented expenses incurred in connection with the performance of their duties as directors, including travel expenses in connection with their attendance at board and committee meetings. Our directors who are also executive officers of the Company will not receive additional compensation for serving as directors.

## Executive Compensation Components

Base Salary. We seek to maintain base salary amounts at or near the industry norms, while avoiding paying amounts in excess of what we believe is necessary to motivate executives to meet corporate goals. Base salaries are generally reviewed annually, subject to the terms of employment agreements, and the compensation committee and board will seek to adjust base salary amounts to realign such salaries with industry norms after taking into account individual responsibilities, performance and experience.

Annual Bonuses. We utilize cash incentive bonuses for executives to focus them on achieving key operational and financial objectives within a yearly time horizon. Near the beginning of each year, our board of directors, upon the recommendation of the compensation committee and subject to applicable employment agreements, will determine performance parameters for appropriate executives. At the end of each year, the board of directors and compensation committee will determine the level of achievement for each corporate goal.

Equity Awards. We have established an equity incentive plan to incentivize our employees, consultants, advisors and other persons who perform services for us. A description of the 2020 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and the awards that may be made under this plan is set forth in the section entitled ' - Description of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan .' Equity awards constitute a significant portion of executive compensation.

Severance Benefit. Other than as provided in applicable employment agreements, we currently have no severance benefits plan. We may consider the adoption of a severance plan for executive officers and other employees in the future.

## Employment Agreements

We have previously entered into employment agreements with our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer. In preparing these employment agreements, the Company utilized certain benchmarking data prepared by a third party. The employment agreements have a fixed term of three years, with annual renewals thereafter, subject to termination after a specified notice period. Each executive is entitled to an annual salary, to be reviewed each year, an annual target bonus opportunity (calculated as a percentage of salary), and an annual long term incentive opportunity (calculated as a  percentage of salary),  with  cash  amounts being paid in  U.S. dollars. The annual long term incentive opportunities are 150%, 125% and 100% of the executive's base salary, respectively. Due to his expatriate status working in the United Kingdom, the President is entitled to a tax-gross up with respect to his base salary and bonus, and a housing allowance of up to £120,000 annually. The Chief Executive Officer is entitled to the use of private aircraft in connection with his travel outside of Jordan. The employment agreements contain severance provisions whereby, if the executive is terminated other than for cause or resigns for good reason, then the executive will be paid a lump sum payment calculated based on his salary and bonus. If the executive is terminated for cause, the agreements provide that the executive would receive no amounts other than amounts accrued at the date of termination and any vested benefits under company benefit plans. The executives' employment would automatically terminate upon a change of control and, in this event, the executive would receive a severance benefit equal to three times the officer's highest salary, bonus and equity award over the prior three years, and in connection with such a change of control and termination of employment, all unvested equity awards would become fully vested. The agreements also contain limitations on outside activities, include confidentiality obligations, and include covenants restricting the solicitation of employees and customers and a non-compete for 12 months following termination of employment. The employment agreements are governed by English law.

## Description of the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan

We previously adopted the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the '2020 Plan') prior to the consummation of the Business Combination with Tiberius, and the plan was approved by Tiberius' shareholders at the Tiberius special meeting related to the Business Combination. The 2020 Plan provides for grants of stock options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, other share-based awards and other cash-based awards. Directors, officers and other employees of the Company and its affiliates, as well as others performing consulting or advisory services for the Company and its affiliates, are eligible for grants under  the  2020  Plan.  The  purpose  of  the  2020  Plan  is  to  provide  incentives  that  will  attract,  retain  and  motivate  high  performing  officers,  directors, employees and consultants by providing them with appropriate incentives and rewards either through a proprietary interest in our long-term success or compensation based on their performance in fulfilling their personal responsibilities. Set forth below is a summary of the material terms of the 2020 Plan.

Administration. The 2020 Plan is administered by any committee of our board of directors duly authorized by our board of directors to administer the  plan  (and, if  no  committee  is  so authorized,  by our  board of  directors). For purposes of this discussion, the body that administers the 2020 Plan is referred to as the 'Administrator.' The body that currently administers the 2020 Plan is our board of directors. Among the Administrator's powers is to determine the form, amount and other terms and conditions of awards; clarify, construe or resolve any ambiguity in any provision of the 2020 Plan or any award agreement; amend the terms of outstanding awards; and adopt such rules, forms, instruments and guidelines for administering the 2020 Plan as it deems necessary or proper. The Administrator has authority to administer and interpret the 2020 Plan, to grant discretionary awards under the 2020 Plan, to determine the persons to whom awards will be granted, to determine the types of awards to be granted, to determine the terms and conditions of each award, to determine the number of common shares to be covered by each award, to make all other determinations in connection with the 2020 Plan and the awards thereunder as the Administrator deems necessary or desirable and to designate authority under the 2020 Plan to our employees, directors, officers and/or professional  advisors.  To  the  extent  we  seek  to  obtain  the  benefit  of  exemptions  available  under  Rule 16b-3  under  the  Exchange Act,  the  applicable compensation may be approved by 'non-employee directors'.

Available Shares. The aggregate number of our common shares that may be issued or used for reference purposes under the 2020 Plan or with respect to which awards may be granted may not exceed 4,844,730 common shares (10% of the shares issued and outstanding upon the consummation of the Business Combination). The shares available for issuance under the 2020 Plan may be, in whole or in part, either our authorized and unissued common shares  or  common  shares  held  in  or  acquired  for  our  treasury.  The  number  of  shares  available  for  issuance  under  the  2020  Plan  may  be  subject  to adjustment in the event of a reorganization, share split, merger, amalgamation or similar change in the corporate structure. In the event of any of these occurrences, we may make any adjustments it considers appropriate to, among other things, the number and kind of shares, options or other securities available for issuance under the plan or covered by grants previously made under the 2020 Plan. In general, if awards under the 2020 Plan are for any reason cancelled, or expire or terminate unexercised, the shares covered by such awards may again be available for the grant of awards under the 2020 Plan. In addition, no non-employee director may receive awards under the 2020 Plan in any fiscal year for service as a director having an aggregate maximum value exceeding $500,000.

Eligibility for Participation. Directors, officers, and employees of, and consultants to, the Company or any of its affiliates, are eligible to receive awards under the 2020 Plan.

Award Agreements. Awards granted under the 2020 Plan are evidenced by award agreements, which need not be identical, that provide additional terms,  conditions,  restrictions  and/or  limitations  covering  the  grant  of  the  award,  including,  without  limitation,  additional  terms  providing  for  the acceleration of exercisability or vesting of awards in the event of a change of control or conditions regarding the participant's employment, as determined by the Administrator.

Stock  Options. The  Administrator  may  grant  nonqualified  stock  options  to  eligible  individuals  and  incentive  stock  options  only  to  eligible employees. The Administrator will determine the number of our common shares subject to each option, the term of each option, which may not exceed 10 years, or five years in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a 10 percent shareholder, the exercise price, the vesting schedule, if any, and the other material terms of each option. No incentive stock option or nonqualified stock option may have an exercise price less than the fair market value of a common share of the Company at the time of grant or, in the case of an incentive stock option granted to a 10 percent shareholder, 110% of such share's fair market value. Options will be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator at grant, and the exercisability of such options may be accelerated by the Administrator.

Share Appreciation Rights. The Administrator may grant share appreciation rights ('SARs') either with a stock option, which may be exercised only at such times and to the extent the related stock option is exercisable (a 'Tandem SAR'), or independent of a stock option (a 'Non-Tandem SAR'). An SAR is a right to receive a payment in our common shares or cash, as determined by the Administrator, equal in value to the excess of the fair market value of one common share of the Company on the date of exercise over the exercise price per share established in connection with the grant of the SAR. The term of each SAR may not exceed 10 years. The exercise price per share covered by a SAR will be the exercise price per share of the related stock option in the  case  of  a  Tandem  SAR  and  will  be  the  fair  market  value  of  our  common  shares  on  the  date  of  grant  in  the  case  of  a  Non-Tandem  SAR. The Administrator may also grant limited SARs, either as Tandem SARs or Non-Tandem SARs, which may become exercisable only upon the occurrence of a change in control, as defined in the 2020 Plan, or such other event as the Administrator may designate at the time of grant or thereafter.

Restricted Shares. The Administrator may award common shares that are subject to specified restrictions. Except as otherwise provided by the Administrator upon the award of restricted shares, the recipient generally has the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares, including the right to vote the restricted shares and, conditioned upon the expiration of the applicable restricted period, the right to receive dividends and transfer such shares, subject to  the  conditions  and  restrictions  generally  applicable  to  restricted  shares  or  specifically  set  forth  in  the  recipient's  restricted  shares  agreement. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise at the time of award, the payment of dividends, if any, will be deferred until the expiration of the applicable restriction period.

Recipients of restricted shares are required to enter into a restricted shares agreement with us that states the restrictions to which the shares are subject, which may include satisfaction of pre-established performance goals, and the criteria or date or dates on which such restrictions will lapse.

If the grant of restricted shares or the lapse of the relevant restrictions is based on the attainment of performance goals, the Administrator will establish for each recipient the applicable performance goals, formulae or standards and the applicable vesting percentages with reference to the attainment of such goals or satisfaction of such formulae or standards while the outcome of the performance goals is substantially uncertain. Such performance goals may  incorporate  provisions  for  disregarding,  or  adjusting  for,  changes  in  accounting  methods,  corporate  transactions,  including,  without  limitation, dispositions and acquisitions, and other similar events or circumstances. The performance goals for performance-based restricted shares generally may be based on one or more criteria determined from time to time by the Administrator.

Other Share-Based Awards. The Administrator may, subject to limitations under applicable law, make a grant of such other share-based awards, including, without limitation, performance share units, dividend equivalent units, share equivalent units, restricted share units and deferred share units under the 2020 Plan that are payable in cash or denominated or payable in or valued by our common shares or factors that influence the value of such shares. The Administrator may determine the terms and conditions of any such other awards, which may include the achievement of certain minimum performance goals and/or a minimum vesting period. The performance goals for performance-based other share-based awards generally may be based on one or more criteria determined from time to time by the Administrator.

Other Cash-Based Awards. The Administrator may grant awards payable in cash. Cash-based awards will be in such form, and dependent on such conditions, as the Administrator will determine, including, without limitation, being subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions or awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to restrictions or conditions. If a cash-based award is subject to vesting conditions, the Administrator may accelerate the vesting of such award in its discretion.

Performance Awards. The Administrator may grant a performance award to a participant payable upon the attainment of specific performance goals. If the performance award is payable in cash, it may be paid upon the attainment of the relevant performance goals either in cash or in restricted shares, based on the then current fair market value of such shares, as determined by the Administrator. Based on service, performance and/or other factors or criteria, the Administrator may, at or after grant, accelerate the vesting of all or any part of any performance award.

Performance Goals. Awards that are granted, vest or are paid based on attainment of specified performance goals may be subject to any one or more criteria determined from time to time by the Administrator in its sole discretion taking into account the requirements of applicable law and customary market compensation practices. These performance goals may be based on the attainment of a certain target level of, or a specified increase or decrease in, one or more measures selected by the Administrator. Performance goals may also be based on an individual participant's performance goals, as determined by  the  Administrator.  In  addition,  all  performance  goals  may  be  based  upon  the  attainment  of  specified  levels  of  the  Company's  performance,  or  the performance of a subsidiary, division or other operational unit, under one or more of the measures described above relative to the performance of other corporations. The Administrator may designate additional business criteria on which the performance goals may be based or adjust, modify or amend those criteria.

Change in Control. In connection with a change in control, as defined in the 2020 Plan, the Administrator may accelerate vesting of outstanding awards  under  the  2020  Plan.  In  addition,  such  awards  may  be,  in  the  discretion  of  the  Administrator:  (1) assumed  and  continued  or  substituted  in accordance with applicable law; (2) purchased by the Company for an amount equal to the excess of the price of a common share of the Company paid in a change in control over the exercise price of the awards; or (3) cancelled if the price of a common share of the Company paid in a change in control is less than the exercise price of the award. The Administrator may also provide for accelerated vesting or lapse of restrictions of an award at any time.

Shareholder  Rights. Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  the  applicable  award  agreement,  and  with  respect  to  an  award  of  restricted  shares,  a participant has no rights as a shareholder with respect to our common shares covered by any award until the participant is registered as the holder of such shares in our register of members.

Amendment and Termination. Notwithstanding any other provision of the 2020 Plan, our board of directors may at any time amend any or all of the  provisions  of  the  2020  Plan,  or  suspend  or  terminate  it  entirely,  retroactively  or  otherwise,  subject  to  shareholder  approval  in  certain  instances  if required by applicable law; provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by law or specifically provided in the 2020 Plan, the rights of a participant with respect to awards granted prior to such amendment, suspension or termination may not be adversely affected without the consent of such participant.

Transferability.  A wards granted under the 2020 Plan generally are nontransferable, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except as determined by the Administrator.

Recoupment of Awards. The 2020 Plan provides that awards granted under the 2020 Plan are subject to any recoupment policy that we may have in place or any obligation that we may have regarding the clawback of 'incentive-based compensation' under the Exchange Act or under any applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC.

Effective Date; Term. The 2020 Plan was adopted by our board of directors and became effective on March 17, 2020. No award will be granted under the 2020 Plan on or after the 10-year anniversary of the 2020 Plan. Any award outstanding under the 2020 Plan at the time of termination will remain in effect until such award is exercised or has expired in accordance with its terms.

## C. Board Practices

## Independence of Directors

As a foreign private issuer, we are not required to have a majority of independent directors. However, five out of seven members of our board of directors - David Anthony, Michael Gray, David King, Wanda Mwaura and Andrew Poole - are 'independent' directors under Nasdaq rules.

## Board Leadership Structure

Wasef  Jabsheh  serves  as  Chairman  of  the  board  of  directors  and  Chief  Executive  Officer.  We  believe  that  having  Mr. Jabsheh  act  as  both Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer is most appropriate at this time for us because it provides us with consistent and efficient leadership, both with respect to our operations and the leadership of the board of directors. In particular, having Mr. Jabsheh act in both of these roles increases  the  timeliness  and  effectiveness  of  our  board's  deliberations,  increases  the  board's  visibility  into  the  Company's day-to-day operations,  and ensures the consistent implementation of our strategies.

We  believe  that  the  combined  role  of  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer,  together  with  the  significant  responsibilities  of  the  board's independent directors, provides an appropriate balance between leadership and independent oversight.

## Committees of the Board of Directors

We have established a separately standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating/governance committee.

## Audit Committee

The members of IGI's audit committee are David Anthony, David King and Wanda Mwaura. Wanda Mwaura is the chair of the audit committee. The audit committee must be composed exclusively of 'independent directors,' as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. Each of the members of our audit committee is independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. Wanda Mwaura serves as the audit committee financial expert (within the meaning of SEC  regulations).  The  Company  has  adopted  an  audit  committee  charter  which  sets  forth  the  requirements  for  audit  committee  members  and  the responsibilities of the audit committee.

The audit committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the auditors, review of the results and scope of the audit and other accounting related services and review of our accounting practices and systems of internal accounting and disclosure controls. The audit committee  pre-approves auditing  services  and  permitted  non-audit services  to  be  performed  for  the  Company  by  the  independent  auditor.  The  audit committee  also  reviews  the  independence  and  quality  control  procedures  of  the  auditors  and  the  experience  and  qualifications  of  the  auditor's  senior personnel that are providing audit services to the Company. The audit committee's duties include meeting with management and the auditors in connection with the annual audit, overseeing the internal auditor or internal audit function, and reviewing with management the risk assessment and risk management policies of the company and the voluntary earnings press releases.

The audit committee may delegate to the chair of the audit committee, any of the members of the audit committee, or any subcommittee, the responsibility  and  authority  for  any  particular  matter  within  its  powers  and  authority.  However,  subcommittees  do  not  have  the  authority  to  engage independent legal counsel, accounting experts or other advisors unless expressly granted such authority by the audit committee.

## Nominating/Governance Committee

As a foreign  private  issuer,  the  Company  is  not  required  to  have  a  nominating/governance  committee  or  a  nominating/governance  committee composed entirely of independent directors. However, IGI's board of directors has a nominating/governance committee with a majority of independent directors.  The  members  of  the  nominating/governance  committee  are  Walid  Jabsheh,  Michael  Gray  and  David  King.  David  King  is  the  chair  of  the nominating/governance committee. The nominating/governance committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors, advising the board of directors and making recommendations regarding appropriate corporate governance practices, and leading the board of directors in the annual performance evaluation of the board of directors and its committees.

## Compensation Committee

As a foreign  private  issuer,  the  Company  is  not  required  to  have  a  compensation  committee  or  a compensation  committee  consisting  only  of independent directors. However, our board of directors has established a compensation committee consisting of a majority of independent directors. The members  of  the  compensation  committee  are  Walid  Jabsheh,  David  Anthony  and  Andrew  Poole.  David  Anthony  is  the  chair  of  the  compensation committee.

The Company has adopted a compensation committee charter which sets forth the requirements for compensation committee members and the responsibilities  of  the  compensation  committee. The 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of the Company is administered by the full board of directors. The purpose of the compensation committee is to review, evaluate and approve compensation paid to our officers and directors. The compensation committee will review director compensation and make recommendations to the board of directors regarding the form and amount of director compensation.

## Corporate Governance Practices

We are a 'foreign private issuer' under applicable U.S. federal securities laws. As a result, we are permitted to follow certain corporate governance rules  that  conform  to  Bermuda  requirements  in  lieu  of  certain  Nasdaq  corporate  governance  rules.  We  have  certified  to  Nasdaq  that  our  corporate governance practices are in compliance with, and are not prohibited by, the laws of Bermuda. The corporate governance practices that we follow in lieu of Nasdaq's corporate governance rules are as follows:

- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(e)(1), which requires the director nomination process to be determined by a majority of the  independent  directors  or  a  nominations  committee  comprised  solely  of  independent  directors,  our  nominating/governance  committee (which is responsible for director  nominations)  consists of  a  majority  of  independent  directors but  does  not  consist  solely  of  independent directors.
- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(d)(2), which requires a compensation committee comprised of at least two members, each of  whom  must  be  an  independent  director  as  defined  under  Rule 5605(a)(2),  our  compensation  committee  consists  of  a  majority  of independent directors but does not consist solely of independent directors.
- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(b)(2), which requires regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present ('executive sessions'), we do not have regularly scheduled executive sessions.

Although not required by the rules and regulations of Nasdaq, the Company has adopted corporate governance guidelines which govern certain aspects of its corporate governance and board and committee practices.

## Codes of Conduct

The Company has adopted a Corporate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all of its directors, officers and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics covers, among other things, conflicts of interest, company books and records, use of company property, payments of gifts, corporate opportunities, compliance, extension of credit to officers and directors, confidentiality and employee relations.

The  Company  has  also  adopted  a  Financial  Code  of  Ethics  applicable  to  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Senior  Vice President - Finance, Controller or certain other officers performing similar functions . The Financial Code of Ethics provides that each officer must act ethically  with  honesty  and  integrity  (including  ethical  handling  of  conflicts  of  interest),  provide  full  and  accurate  disclosure  in  SEC  filings  and  public communications, comply with applicable laws and regulations, act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, promote honest and ethical behavior by others, respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of employment, responsibly use and maintain all assets and resources employed or entrusted to the officer, and promptly internally report violations of this Financial Code to the designated Compliance Officer and in the case of the CFO and CEO, to the Board of Directors and/or Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

## Approval of Certain Transactions

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that the board of directors may approve the following transactions only if each Jabsheh Director then in office votes in favor of such transactions:

- sell or dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;
- enter into any transaction in which one or more third parties acquire or acquires 25% or more of the Company's common shares;
- enter  into  any  merger,  consolidation,  or  amalgamation  with  an  aggregate  value  equal  to  or  greater  than  $75 million  (exclusive  of  intercompany transactions);
- alter the size of the board of directors;
- incur debt in an amount of $50 million (or other equivalent currency) or more; and
- issue  common  shares  (or  securities  convertible  into  common  shares)  in  an  amount  equal  to  or  greater  than  10%  of  the  then  issued  and outstanding common shares of the Company.

## D. Employees

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had 355, 287 and 252 employees, respectively. The following table shows the number of employees, including management staff, by geography and function as of December 31, 2022.

| Underwriting  Underwriting  Support  Claims and  reinsurance  Finance,  administration  and  investments  IT  Other  Total  Amman  33  62  25  36  22  48  226  London  49  -  10  11  3  24  97  Dubai  8  1  -  2  -  2  13  Casablanca  1  -  -  2  -  1  4  Labuan  4  -  -  1  -  1  6  Malta  2  -  -  -  3  2  7  Bermuda  1  -  -  1  -  -  2  Total  98  63  35  53  28  78  355   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions to operations due to labor disagreements.

## E. Share Ownership

Ownership of the Company's shares by its executive officers and directors is set forth in Item 7.A of this annual report.

## ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## A. Major Shareholders

The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company's common shares based on 46,714,834 common shares issued and outstanding as of January 30, 2023, with respect to beneficial ownership of our shares by:

- each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding common shares;
- each of our executive officers and directors; and
- all our executive officers and directors as a group.

The information provided in the table is based on Schedules 13D and 13G filed with the SEC and the beneficial owners' questionnaire responses provided to IGI. In accordance with SEC rules, individuals and entities named below are shown as having beneficial ownership over common shares they own or have the right to acquire within 60 days, as well as common shares for which they have the right to vote or dispose of such common shares. Also, in accordance with SEC rules, for purposes of calculating percentages of beneficial ownership, common shares which a person has the right to acquire within 60 days are included both in that person's beneficial ownership as well as in the total number of common shares issued and outstanding used to calculate that person's percentage ownership but not for purposes of calculating the percentage for other persons.

Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe that the persons named below have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all common shares that they beneficially own. The common shares owned by the persons named below have the same voting rights as the common shares owned by other holders. We believe that, as of January 30, 2023, approximately 41.9% of our common shares are owned by 21 record holders in the United States of America.

Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each beneficial owner listed in the tables below is c/o International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., 74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, P.O. Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan.

| Name and Address of Beneficial Owner  Number of  Common  Shares  Beneficially  Owned  Percentage of  Outstanding  Common  Shares  (1)  Directors and Executive Officers  Wasef Salim Jabsheh  (2)  18,243,403  36.0%  Walid Wasef Jabsheh  (3)  440,548  *  Hatem Wasef Jabsheh  (4)  327,856  *  Pervez Rizvi  (5)  50,000  *  Andreas Loucaides  (6)  50,000  *  Michael T. Gray  (7)  2,585,886  5.5%  Andrew J. Poole  (8)  587,017  1.3%  David Anthony  *  *  David King  *  *  Wanda Mwaura  *  *  All directors and executive officers as a group (ten individuals)  22,284,710  43.5%  Five Percent or Greater Shareholders  Oman International Development &amp; Investment Company SAOG  (9)  6,942,692  14.9%  Royce &amp; Associates, LP  (10)  3,390,532  7.3%  Church Mutual Insurance Company  (11)  3,300,000  7.1%  Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC  (12)  3,241,571  6.9%  Argo Re Limited  (13)  3,209,067  6.8%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than 1%

(1) Based on 46,714,834 common shares of the Company issued and outstanding as of January 30, 2023.

- (2) Wasef  Salim  Jabsheh's  18,243,403  common  shares  beneficially  owned  includes  14,243,403  common  shares  and  4,000,000  warrants  to  acquire common shares. Mr. Jabsheh's  14,243,403  common  shares  beneficially  owned  include  600,000  contingent  unvested  common  shares  that  vest  at $11.50 per share, 400,000 contingent unvested common shares that vest at $12.75 per share and 131,148 contingent unvested common shares that vest at $15.25 per share. Mr. Jabsheh has the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to these contingent unvested common shares. His shares also  include  281,567  restricted  shares  for  which  he  has  the  right  to  vote,  44,063  of  which  have  vested  as  of  December  31,  2022.  Mr.  Jabsheh's 4,000,000 warrants entitle him to purchase 4,000,000 common shares at a price of $11.50 per share. Wasef Jabsheh's ownership does not include 1,041,529 common shares beneficially owned by his adult children, as Mr. Jabsheh does not have the right to vote or dispose of such common shares and thus does not have beneficial ownership of such common shares. Mr. Jabsheh is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
- (3) Walid Wasef Jabsheh's ownership includes 82,455 common shares owned by his wife Zeina Salem Al Lozi, for which common shares he disclaims beneficial ownership, and 125,000 restricted shares, with respect to which he has voting rights, 31,666 of which have vested as of December 31, 2022.  Mr. Jabsheh's  ownership  does  not  include  600,981  common  shares  beneficially  owned  by  his  brothers  or  18,243,403  common  shares beneficially owned by his father, as Mr. Jabsheh does not have the right to vote or dispose of such common shares and thus does not have beneficial ownership of such common shares. Mr. Jabsheh is currently the President of the Company and is the son of Wasef Jabsheh.
- (4) Hatem Wasef Jabsheh's ownership includes 25,879 common shares owned by his wife Sarah Ann Bystrzycki, for which common shares he disclaims beneficial ownership, and 90,000 restricted shares, with respect to which he has voting rights, 26,666 of which have vested as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Jabsheh's ownership does not include 713,673 common shares beneficially owned by his brothers or 18,243,403 common shares beneficially owned by his father, as Mr. Jabsheh does not have the right to vote or dispose of such common shares and thus does not have beneficial ownership of such common shares. Mr. Jabsheh is currently the Chief Operating Officer of the Company and is the son of Wasef Jabsheh.
- (5) Includes 50,000 restricted shares, of which 15,000 have vested as of December 31, 2022.
- (6) Includes 50,000 restricted shares, of which 11,666 have vested as of December 31, 2022.
- (7) Michael T. Gray's beneficial ownership of 2,585,886 common shares includes (1) 1,280,574 common shares owned by the Gray Insurance Company, of which Michael T. Gray is President, including 256,997 contingent unvested common shares that vest at $11.50, (2) 1,054,392 contingent unvested common shares owned by Mr. Gray, including 263,499 common shares that vest at $11.50 per share, 122,032 common shares that vest at $12.75 per share, 417,396 common shares that vest at $14.00 per share and 251,465 common shares that vest at $15.25 per share, with respect to which Mr. Gray has the right to vote and receive dividends and (3) 105,741 unvested common shares owned by his wife Linda Gray, for which shares he disclaims beneficial ownership, including 20,293 common shares that vest at $11.50 per share, 13,184 common shares that vest at $12.75 per share, 45,096 common shares that vest at $14.00 per share and 27,168 common shares that vest at $15.25 per share. Mr. Gray's ownership does not include 100,000 common shares owned by his adult son Joe Skuba. The business address of each of The Gray Insurance Company and Michael T. Gray is 3601 N Interstate 10 Service Rd W Metairie, LA 70002. Mr. Gray was previously the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tiberius Acquisition Corp. ('Tiberius') prior to the consummation of the business combination between the Company and Tiberius and is currently a director of the Company.
- (8) The 587,017 common shares beneficially owned by Mr. Poole include 270,644 contingent unvested common shares, including 185,196 common shares that vest at $11.50 per share, 13,184 common shares that vest at $12.75 per share, 45,096 common shares that vest at $14.00 per share and 27,168 common shares that vest at $15.25 per share. Mr. Poole has the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to these contingent unvested common shares. Mr. Poole's ownership also includes 230,000 common shares owned by his son Torin Perry Poole, including 78,807 contingent unvested common shares that vest at $11.50, for which common shares he disclaims beneficial ownership. The business address of Andrew Poole is 3601  N  Interstate  10  Service  Rd  W  Metairie,  LA 70002.  Mr. Poole  was  previously  the  Chief  Investment  Officer  of  Tiberius  prior  to  the consummation of the business combination between the Company and Tiberius and is currently a director of the Company.
- (9) The business address of Ominvest is Madinat Al Erfaan, Muscat Hills, Block No 9993, Building No. 95, Seventh Floor, Sultanate of Oman.

- (10) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 31, 2023, Royce &amp; Associates, LP beneficially owned 3,390,532 common shares of the Company as of December 31, 2022. Royce &amp; Associates, LP's shares are beneficially owned by one or more registered investment companies or other managed accounts that are investment management clients of Royce &amp; Associates, LP. The interest of one account, Royce Small-Cap Total Return Fund, an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and managed by Royce &amp; Associates, LP, amounted to 2,747,997 common shares.
- (11) The business address of Church Mutual Insurance Company is 3000 Schuster Lane, Merrill, WI 54452.
- (12) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC held shared voting and dispositive power  with  George  A.  Weiss  with  regard  to  securities  of  the  Company.  Such  securities  are  owned  by  advisory  clients  of  Weiss  Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC and George Weiss is the managing member of Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC. Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC and Mr. Weiss each disclaim beneficial ownership of the common shares, except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The business address of each of Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisors LLC and Mr. Weiss is 320 Park Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10020.
- (13) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, Argo beneficially owned 2,709,067 common shares of the Company and 500,000 warrants. Argo's 2,709,0672 shares beneficially owned include 39,200 contingent unvested common shares that vest at $12.75 per share. Argo Re Ltd. has the right to vote and receive dividends with respect to these contingent unvested common shares. Argo's 500,000 warrants entitle Argo to purchase 500,000 common shares at a price of $11.50 per share. Argo Re Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. The business address of Argo Group International Holdings, Ltd. is 110 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda. The business address of Argo Re Ltd. is 90 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke HM 08, Bermuda.

We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of the Company.

## B. Related Party Transactions

## Transactions Related to the Business Combination

## Sponsor Share Letter

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement on October 10, 2019, the Sponsor, Tiberius, IGI Dubai, Wasef Jabsheh and Argo entered into the Sponsor Share Letter, to which the Company became a party by executing and delivering a joinder thereto, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed:

- (a) to transfer to Wasef Jabsheh at the Closing (i) 4,000,000 of its Tiberius private warrants (which became our private warrants at the Closing) and (ii) 1,000,000 of its Tiberius founder shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger) (the 'Jabsheh Earnout Shares'), with such Jabsheh Earnout Shares being subject to certain vesting and share acquisition provisions as set forth therein;
- (b) to  transfer  to  Argo  at  the  Closing  (i) 500,000  of  its  Tiberius  private  warrants  (which  became  our  private  warrants  at  the  Closing)  and (ii) 39,200 of its Tiberius founder shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger) (the 'Argo Earnout Shares'), with such Argo Earnout Shares being subject to certain vesting and share acquisition provisions as set forth therein;
- (c) effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination to subject 1,973,300 of its remaining Tiberius founder shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger) (the 'Sponsor Earnout Shares' and, together with the Jabsheh Earnout Shares and the Argo Earnout Shares, the 'Earnout Shares') to potential vesting and share acquisition obligations as set forth therein;
- (d) to waive its right to convert any loans outstanding to Tiberius into Tiberius warrants and/or warrants of the Company so long as such loans are repaid at Closing; and
- (e) to not, without the prior written consent of IGI, seek or agree to a waiver or amendment of or terminate the provisions of the Tiberius Insider Letter regarding the Sponsor's agreements therein not to redeem any of its Tiberius securities in connection with the Closing, not to transfer any  of  its  Tiberius  securities  prior  to  the  Closing  and  to  vote  in  favor  of  the  Business  Combination  at  the  special  meeting  of  Tiberius stockholders that was held on March 13, 2020.

In  addition,  on  March 16,  2020,  the  Sponsor  agreed  to  transfer  to  Wasef  Jabsheh  at  the  Closing  an  additional  131,148  of  its  Earnout  Shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger) that are subject to potential vesting and share acquisition obligations (the 'Share Transfer Letter').

The  Earnout  Shares  cannot  be  transferred  by  any  of  Wasef  Jabsheh,  Argo  or  the  Sponsor  unless  and  until  they  vest  in  accordance  with  the requirements of the Sponsor Share Letter. Any Earnout Shares that fail to vest on or prior to the eight year anniversary of the Closing (the period from the Closing until such date, the 'Earnout Period') will be transferred to the Company for cancellation. Unless and until any Earnout Shares are transferred to the Company for cancellation, each of Wasef Jabsheh, Argo and the Sponsor will own all rights to such Earnout Shares, including the right to vote such shares and to receive dividends. The Earnout Shares will vest and no longer be subject to acquisition by the Company for cancellation as follows:

| Holder  Number of  Earnout  Shares  Company  Share Price  Threshold*  Wasef Jabsheh  600,000  11.50  400,000  12.75  131,148  15.25  Argo  39,200  12.75  Sponsor and its transferees  800,000  11.50  160,800  12.75  550,000  14.00  331,352  15.25   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Based on the closing price of our common shares on the principal exchange on which such securities are then listed or quoted for 20 trading days over a 30 trading  day  period  at  any  time  during  the  Earnout  Period  (in  each  case  subject  to  equitable  adjustment  for  share  splits,  share  dividends, reorganizations, combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions)

Additionally,  all  Earnout  Shares  will  automatically  vest  and  no  longer  be  subject  to  acquisition  by  the  Company  for  cancellation  if  after  the Closing (1) the Company engages in a 'going private' transaction pursuant to Rule 13e-3 under the Exchange Act or otherwise ceases to be subject to reporting  obligations  under  Sections  13  or  15(d) of  the  Exchange Act,  (2) the  Company's  common  shares  cease  to  be  listed  on  a  national  securities exchange or (3) the Company is subject to a change of control.

The Tiberius private warrants and the Earnout Shares transferred by the Sponsor to Wasef Jabsheh and Argo under the Sponsor Share Letter and the  Share Transfer Letter were transferred to them as 'permitted transferees' and each of Wasef Jabsheh and Argo agreed to be bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in the Warrant Agreement and the Insider Letter with respect to such securities.

In addition, on February 12, 2020, Tiberius, the Sponsor, the Company and IGI Dubai entered into a letter agreement (the 'Letter Agreement') in which (1) the Sponsor agreed to forfeit 180,000 shares of Tiberius common stock at Closing and (2) Tiberius agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to repurchase 3,000,000 warrants from a warrant holder at Closing for an aggregate purchase price of $4,275,000.

Pursuant to the Sponsor Shares Letter, the Share Transfer Letter and the Letter Agreement, at the Closing:

- the Sponsor transferred to Wasef Jabsheh at (i) 4,000,000 of its Tiberius private warrants (which became our private warrants at the Closing) and (ii) 1,131,148 of its Tiberius founder shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger);
- the Sponsor transferred to Argo (i) 500,000 of its Tiberius private warrants (which became our private warrants at the Closing) and (ii) 39,200 of its Tiberius founder shares (represented by our common shares issued in exchange therefor in the Merger);
- the Sponsor forfeited 180,000 shares of Tiberius common stock; and
- Tiberius repurchased 3,000,000 warrants from a warrant holder for an aggregate purchase price of $4,275,000.

On  April 6,  2020,  the  Sponsor  distributed  all  of  its  2,902,152  common  shares,  including  1,842,152  common  shares  subject  to  vesting,  to  its members. The members of the Sponsor, who include, among others, Michael Gray and Andrew Poole, are subject to the transfer restrictions and vesting set forth in the Sponsor Share Letter and the Insider Letter with respect to such common shares.

## Registration Rights Agreement with Former IGI Dubai Shareholders

At the Closing, the Company, the Purchaser Representative and the Sellers entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the 'Registration Rights Agreement')  that  became  effective  upon  the  consummation  of  the  Business  Combination.  Under  the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the  Sellers  hold registration  rights  that  obligate  the  Company  to  register  for  resale  under  the  Securities  Act  all  or  any  portion  of  the  Exchange  Shares  (including  any additional Exchange Shares issued after the Closing for the Transaction Consideration adjustments) and any Tiberius securities transferred to such Seller under the Sponsor Share Letter (collectively, the 'Registrable Securities'). Under the Registration Rights Agreement, Sellers holding at least 25% of the Registrable Securities as of the Closing (after giving effect thereto) are entitled to make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Registrable Securities. Subject to certain exceptions, if at any time after the Closing, the Company proposes to file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to its securities, under the Registration Rights Agreement, it will be required to give notice to the Sellers as to the proposed filing and offer the Sellers holding Registrable Securities an opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as requested by the Sellers in writing. In addition, under the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, Sellers holding at least 25% of the Registrable Securities  as  of  the  Closing  (after  giving  effect  thereto)  are  entitled  to  request  in  writing  that  the  Company  register  the  resale  of  any  or  all  of  such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or F-3 and any similar short-form registration that may be available at such time. The Company also agreed to file within 30 days after the Closing a resale registration statement on Form F-1, F-3, S-1 or S-3 covering all Registrable Securities and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective as soon as possible thereafter. The Company initially filed such registration statement on Form F-1 with the SEC on April 14, 2020, and it was declared effective on April 27, 2020. The Company replaced the registration statement on Form F-1 with a new registration statement on Form F-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in November 2021.

Under the Registration Rights Agreement, the Sellers are required to immediately discontinue disposition of their Registrable Securities under our resale registration statement upon receipt of a notice from the Company of certain events specified in the Registration Rights Agreement, including, among others,  a  notice  that  the  financial  statements  contained  in  the  registration  statement become  stale,  that the  registration  statement  or  prospectus  included therein  contains  a  material  misstatement  or  omission  due  to  a  bona  fide  business  purpose  or  if  transacting  in  our  securities  by  'insiders'  is  suspended pursuant to a written insider trading compliance program because of the existence of material non-public information.

Under the Registration Rights Agreement, we agreed to indemnify the Sellers and certain persons or entities related to the Sellers such as their officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives against any losses or damages resulting from any untrue statement or omission of a material fact in  any  registration  statement  or  prospectus  pursuant  to  which  they  sell  Registrable  Securities,  unless  such  liability  arose  from  their  misstatement  or omission, and the Sellers including Registrable Securities in any registration statement or prospectus agreed to indemnify the Company and certain persons or entities related to the Company such as its officers and directors and underwriters against all losses caused by their material misstatements or omissions in those documents.

## Amended &amp; Restated Bye-laws

Nomination of Directors. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that our directors will be elected by the shareholders at an annual general meeting or at any special general meeting called for that purpose, subject to the following:

- Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint and classify two directors (such Wasef Jabsheh-appointed directors, 'Jabsheh Directors') for so long as (1) Wasef Jabsheh, members of Wasef Jabsheh's immediate family and/or natural lineal descendants of Wasef Jabsheh or a trust or other similar entity established for the exclusive benefit of Jabsheh and his immediate family and natural lineal descendants (the 'Jabsheh Family') and/or their affiliates own at least 10% of our issued and outstanding common shares and (2) Wasef Jabsheh is a shareholder of the Company; and
- Wasef Jabsheh will be entitled to appoint and classify one Jabsheh Director for so long as (1) Wasef Jabsheh, the Jabsheh Family and/or their affiliates own at least 5% (but less than 10%) of our issued and outstanding common shares and (2) Wasef Jabsheh is a shareholder of the Company.

Removal of Directors. Our shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors may, at any special general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, remove a director only with cause, provided that the notice of any such meeting convened for the purpose of removing a director must contain a statement of the intention so to do and be served on such director not less than 14 days before the meeting and at such meeting the director will be entitled to be heard on the motion for such director's removal; provided further that a Jabsheh Director may only be removed by Wasef Jabsheh by notice in writing to the Jabsheh Director and the secretary, so long as Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint such director in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws.

Approval of Certain Transactions. Our board of directors may approve the following transactions only if each Jabsheh Director then in office votes in favor of such transactions:

- sell or dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;
- enter into any transaction in which one or more third parties acquire or acquires 25% or more of the Company's common shares;
- enter  into  any  merger,  consolidation,  or  amalgamation  with  an  aggregate  value  equal  to  or  greater  than  $75 million  (exclusive  of  intercompany transactions);
- alter the size of the board of directors;
- incur debt in an amount of $50 million (or other equivalent currency) or more; and
- issue  common  shares  (or  securities  convertible  into  common  shares)  in  an  amount  equal  to  or  greater  than  10%  of  the  then  issued  and outstanding common shares of the Company.

## Non-Competition Agreement

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement on October 10, 2019, Wasef Jabsheh, Tiberius, IGI Dubai and the Purchaser Representative entered into a Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement (the 'Non-Competition Agreement'), to which the Company became a party by executing and delivering a joinder thereto, in favor of Tiberius, the Company, IGI Dubai and their respective successors, affiliates and subsidiaries  (collectively,  the  'Covered  Parties')  relating  to  the  Covered  Parties'  business  after  the  Closing.  The  Non-Competition  Agreement  became effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination. Under the Non-Competition Agreement, for a period of three (3) years after the Closing (the 'Restricted Period'), Wasef Jabsheh and his controlled affiliates will not, without the Company's prior written consent, anywhere in Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Central America,  South  America,  Continental  Europe  or  in  any  other  markets  in  which  the  Covered  Parties  are  engaged,  or  are  actively contemplating to become engaged, in the Business, as of the date of the Closing or during the Restricted Period, directly or indirectly engage in the business (or  own,  manage,  finance  or  control,  or  become  engaged  or  serve  as  an  officer,  director,  employee,  member,  partner,  agent,  consultant,  advisor  or representative  of,  an  entity  that  engages  in  the  business)  of  commercial  property  and  casualty  insurance  and  reinsurance  (collectively,  the  'Business'). However, Wasef Jabsheh and his controlled affiliates  may  own  passive  investments  of  no more  than  3%  of  the  total  outstanding  equity  interests  of  a competitor that is publicly traded, so long as Wasef Jabsheh and his controlled affiliates and their respective equity holders, directors, officers, managers and employees who were involved with the business of any of the Covered Parties are not involved in the management or control of such competitor. Under the  Non-Competition  Agreement,  during  the  Restricted  Period,  Wasef  Jabsheh  and  his  controlled  affiliates  also  will  not,  without  the  Company's  prior written consent, (i) solicit or hire the Covered Parties' employees, consultants or independent contractors as of the Closing, during the Restricted Period or at any time within the six (6) month period prior to such solicitation, or (ii) solicit or induce the Covered Parties' customers as of the Closing, during the Restricted Period or at any time within the 6 month period prior to such solicitation. Wasef Jabsheh also agreed to certain confidentiality obligations with respect to the information of the Covered Parties.

## Our Related Party Transaction Policy and Practices

## Related Party Transaction Policy

Our  board  of  directors  has  adopted  a  written  related  party  transactions  policy.  For  purposes  of  the  policy,  interested  transactions  include transactions, arrangements or relationships generally involving amounts greater than $120,000 in the aggregate in which the Company is a participant and a related party has a direct or indirect interest. Related parties are deemed to include directors, director nominees, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than five percent of our voting securities, or an immediate family member of the preceding group.

## Employment Agreements

We  have  entered  into  employment  agreements  with  our  Chief  Executive  Officer,  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer.  The  employment agreements  have  a  fixed  term  of  three years,  with  annual  renewals  thereafter,  subject  to  termination  after  a  specified  notice  period.  Each  executive  is entitled to an annual salary, to be reviewed each year, an annual target bonus opportunity (calculated as a percentage of salary), and an annual long term incentive opportunity (calculated as a percentage of salary), with cash amounts being paid in USD. For further details on our employment agreements, see the section entitled ' Executive Compensation - Employment Agreements .'

## Indemnification Agreements

We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. The indemnification agreements provide, to the fullest extent permitted under law, indemnification against all expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement relating to, arising out of or resulting from indemnitee's status as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership or joint venture, trust or other enterprise which such person is or was serving at the Company's request. In addition, the indemnification agreements provide that the Company will advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, the expenses incurred by the indemnitee in connection with any proceeding, and such advancement will be made within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of a statement requesting such advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of any proceeding.

## C. Interests of Experts and Counsel

Not applicable.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

## A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

For consolidated financial statements and other financial information, see Item 18 of this annual report.

For a discussion of legal proceedings involving the Company, see Note 25 to the IGI audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report  and  the  section  entitled  ' Item 4.  Information  on  the  Company - B. Business  Overview - Litigation ,'  which  is  incorporated  by  reference herein.

Our board of directors will evaluate whether or not to pay dividends and, if so, whether to pay dividends on a quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis, depending on our results, market conditions, contractual obligations, legal restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors.

## B. Significant Changes

None.

## ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING

## A. Offer and Listing Details

Our common shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols IGIC and IGICW, respectively. Holders of our common shares and warrants should obtain current market quotations for their securities. There can be no assurance that our common shares and/or warrants will remain listed on Nasdaq. If we fail to comply with the Nasdaq listing requirements, our common shares and/or warrants could be delisted from Nasdaq. A delisting of our common shares will likely affect the liquidity of our common shares and could inhibit or restrict our ability to raise additional financing. See the section entitled ' Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Securities - Nasdaq may delist our securities, which could limit investors' ability to engage in transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions .'

## B. Plan of Distribution

Not applicable.

## C. Markets

A discussion of all stock exchanges and other regulated markets on which our securities are listed is provided under 'A. Offer  and  Listing Details ' of this annual report and is incorporated herein by reference.

## D. Selling Shareholders

Not applicable.

## E. Dilution

Not applicable.

## F. Expenses of the Issue

Not applicable.

## ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## A. Share Capital

Not applicable.

## B. Memorandum and Articles of Association

The following description includes a summary of specified provisions of our memorandum of association and our Amended and Restated Byelaws. This description is qualified by reference to our memorandum of association and our Amended and Restated Bye-laws which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this annual report.

## General

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. is an exempted company incorporated under the laws of Bermuda and registered with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda under registration number 55038. The Company was incorporated on October 28, 2019 under the name International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. Its registered office is located at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM11, Bermuda. Prior to the Business Combination, the Company owned no material assets and did not operate any business.

The objects of our business are unrestricted, and the Company has the capacity of a natural person. We can therefore undertake activities without restriction on our capacity.

Other  than  in  connection  with  the  Business  Combination,  since  our  incorporation,  there  have  been  no  material  changes  to  our  share  capital, mergers, amalgamations or consolidations of the Company or any of our significant subsidiaries, no acquisitions or dispositions of material assets other than in the ordinary course of business, no material changes in the mode of conducting our business, no material changes in the types of products produced or services rendered and no name changes. There have been no bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings with respect to the Company or its significant subsidiaries.  There  have  been  no  public  takeover  offers  by  third  parties  for  our  shares  nor  any  public  takeover  offers  by  us  for  the  shares  of  another company which have occurred during the last or current financial years.

## Preemptive Rights

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws do not provide shareholders with pro rata preemptive rights to subscribe for any newly issued common shares. Additionally, the Companies Act does not provide shareholders with a statutory preemptive right.

## Repurchase of Shares

Our board of directors may exercise all of the powers to purchase for cancellation or acquire our shares as treasury shares in accordance with the Companies Act. On a reacquisition of shares, such shares may be cancelled (in which event, our issued but not our authorized capital will be diminished accordingly) or held as treasury shares. Such purchases may only be effected out of the capital paid up on the purchased shares or out of the funds otherwise available for dividend or distribution or out of the proceeds of a fresh issue of shares made for the purpose.

## Alteration of Share Capital

We may, if authorized by a resolution of our shareholders, increase, divide, consolidate, subdivide, change the currency denomination of, diminish or otherwise alter or reduce the share capital in any manner permitted by the Companies Act.

## Variation of Rights

If at any time we have more than one class of shares, the rights attaching to any class, unless otherwise provided for by the terms of issue of the relevant  class,  may  be  varied  with  the  sanction  of  a  resolution  passed  by  a  majority  of  the  votes  cast  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  relevant  class  of shareholders at which a quorum consisting of at least two persons holding or representing one-third of the issued shares of the relevant class is present. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws specify that the creation or issue of shares ranking equally with existing shares will not, unless expressly provided by the terms of issue of existing shares, vary the rights attached to existing shares. In addition, the creation or issue of preference shares ranking prior to common shares will not be deemed to vary the rights attached to common shares or, subject to the terms of any other series of preference shares, to vary the rights attached to any other series of preference shares.

## Transfer of Shares

Our board of directors may in its absolute discretion and without assigning any reason refuse to register the transfer of a share which is not fully paid. Our board of directors may also refuse to recognize an instrument of transfer of a share unless it is accompanied by the relevant share certificate and such other evidence of the transferor's right to make the transfer as our board of directors shall reasonably require. The board of directors shall refuse to register a transfer unless all applicable consents, authorizations and permissions of any governmental body or agency in Bermuda have been obtained, may decline to register any transfer of shares if it appears to the directors, in their reasonable discretion, that any non-de minimis adverse tax, regulatory or legal consequence to the Company, any subsidiary of the Company or the Company's affiliates would result from such transfer; or may decline to register any transfer of shares if the transferee shall not have been approved by applicable governmental authorities outside of Bermuda if such approval is required in respect of such transfer. Subject to these restrictions, a holder of common shares may transfer the title to all or any of its common shares by completing a form of transfer in the form set out in our Amended and Restated Bye-laws (or as near thereto as circumstances admit) or in such other common form as the board of directors may accept. The instrument of transfer must be signed by the transferor and transferee, although in the case of a fully paid share our board of directors may accept the instrument signed only by the transferor.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, our shares may be transferred without a written instrument if transferred by an appointed agent and in any form or manner which is in accordance with the rules or regulations of an appointed stock exchange (which includes the Nasdaq Capital Market) on which the shares are listed or admitted to trading.

## General Meetings

An annual general meeting will be held each year in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act and our Amended and Restated Byelaws at such time and place as our board of directors appoints. Our board of directors or the chairman may also, whenever in its judgment it is necessary, convene general meetings other than annual general meetings which are called special general meetings. Bermuda law and the Amended and Restated Byelaws provide that a special general meeting must be called upon the request of shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right to vote at general meetings. Any annual general meeting and special general meeting must be called by not less than fourteen (14) days' prior notice in writing. A notice of meeting must include the place, day and time of the meeting and, in the case of an annual general meeting, that the election of directors will take place thereat and any other business to be conducted at the meeting, and, in the case of a special general meeting, the general nature of the business to be considered at the meeting. This notice requirement is subject to the ability to hold such meetings on shorter notice if such notice is agreed: (i) in the case of an annual general meeting by all of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at such meeting; or (ii) in the case of a special general meeting by a majority in number of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the meeting holding not less than 95% in nominal value of the shares entitled to vote at such meeting. A shareholder may appoint a proxy to attend and vote at the general meeting by providing notice in writing to us at our registered office or at such other place or in such manner as specified in the notice of the general meeting.

The chairman, if present, and if not, the chief executive officer, if present, and if not, the president, if present, and if not, any person appointed by our board of directors will act as chairman of the meeting. In their absence and if no one is appointed by our board of directors as chairman of such meeting, a chairman of the meeting will be appointed or elected by those present at the meeting and entitled to vote.

## Board and Shareholder Ability to Call Special Meetings

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that (a) the board of directors or  the chairman  of the Company may convene  a  special general meeting whenever in their judgment such meeting is necessary and (b) the board of directors must convene a special general meeting at the request of shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid-up share capital of the Company with the right to vote at general meetings.

## Shareholder Meeting Quorum

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that at any general meeting of shareholders, two or more persons present at the start of the meeting, representing in person or by proxy in excess of 50% of the total voting rights of all issued and outstanding shares of the Company entitled to vote at such general meeting, shall be the quorum for the transaction of business provided, however, that if at any time there is only one shareholder, one shareholder present in person or by proxy shall form a quorum for the transaction of business at any general meeting held during such time.

## Voting Rights

Subject to any restrictions for the time being lawfully attached to any class of shares, every shareholder who is present in person or by proxy at a general meeting shall be entitled to one vote on a show of hands and be entitled to one vote for every share of which he is a holder on a vote taken by poll, and any question proposed for the consideration of the shareholders at any general meeting shall be decided by the affirmative votes of a majority of the votes cast in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, and in the case of an equality of votes, the resolution will fail.

## Shareholder Action by Written Consent

The Companies Act provides that, unless otherwise provided in a company's bye-laws, shareholders may take any action by resolution in writing provided that notice of such resolution is circulated, along with a copy of the resolution, to all shareholders who would be entitled to attend a meeting and vote on the resolution. Such resolution in writing must be signed by the shareholders of the company who, at the date of the notice, represent such majority of votes as would be required if the resolution had been voted on at a meeting of the shareholders. The Companies Act provides that the following actions may not be taken by resolution in writing: (1) the removal of the company's auditors and (2) the removal of a director before the expiration of his or her term  of  office.  Under  the  Amended  and  Restated  Bye-laws,  anything  which  may  be  done  by  resolution  at  a  general  meeting  of  shareholders,  or  by resolution at a meeting of any class of the shareholders (other than the actions referred to in the preceding sentence) may without a meeting and without any previous notice being required, be done by unanimous written resolution signed by or on behalf of all shareholders entitled to attend and vote at such a meeting.

## Access to Books and Records and Dissemination of Information

Members of the general public have a right to inspect the public documents of a company available at the office of the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda.  These  documents  include  the  company's  memorandum  of  association,  including  its  objects  and  powers,  and  certain  alterations  to  the memorandum of association. The shareholders have the additional  right  to  inspect  the  bye-laws  of  the  company,  minutes  of  general  meetings  and  the company's audited financial statements, which must be presented to the annual general meeting. The register of members of a company is also open to inspection by shareholders and by members of the general public without charge. The register of members is required to be open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day (subject to the ability of a company to close the register of members for not more than thirty days in a year). A company is  required  to  maintain  its  share  register  in  Bermuda  but  may,  subject  to  the  provisions  of  the  Companies  Act,  establish  a  branch  register  outside  of Bermuda. A company is required to keep at its registered office a register of directors and officers that is open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day by members of the public without charge. A company is also required to file with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda a list of its directors to be maintained on a register, which register will be available for public inspection subject to such conditions as the Registrar may impose and on payment of such fee as may be prescribed. Bermuda law does not, however, provide a general right for shareholders to inspect or obtain copies of any other corporate records.

## Classified Board

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that our board of directors shall consist of such number of directors as the board may from time to time determine in accordance therewith. Upon and since the consummation of the Business Combination, our board of directors consists of 7 directors. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide  that the  directors  are  divided  into  three  classes  designated  Class I,  Class II  and  Class III,  with  each  class  of directors consisting, as nearly as possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire board of directors. The Class I directors are initially elected for a one-year term of office, the Class II directors are initially elected for a two year term of office and the Class III directors are initially elected  for  a  three-year  term  of  office.  At  each  annual  general  meeting,  successors  to  the  class  of  directors  whose  term  expires  at  that  annual  general meeting will be elected for a three-year term. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease will be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any director of any class elected to fill a vacancy will hold office for a term that will coincide with the remaining term of the other directors of that class, but in no case will a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any director then in office. A director appointed by Mr. Jabsheh will be classified by Mr. Jabsheh in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, provided that no such classification will change the classification of any other director then serving. Currently, Mr. Jabsheh's appointed directors - Wasef Jabsheh and Walid Jabsheh - are serving as Class III Directors with their terms expiring at our 2023 annual general meeting.

## Appointment and Election of Directors

Our directors are, subject to Wasef Jabsheh's rights to appoint directors, elected by the shareholders at an annual general meeting or at any special general meeting called for that purpose, subject to the following:

- Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint and classify two directors (such Wasef Jabsheh-appointed directors, 'Jabsheh Directors') for so long as (1) Wasef Jabsheh, the Jabsheh Family and/or their affiliates own at least 10% of our issued and outstanding common shares and (2) Wasef Jabsheh is a shareholder of the Company; and
- Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint and classify one Jabsheh Director for so long as (1) Wasef Jabsheh, the Jabsheh Family and/or their affiliates own at least 5% (but less than 10%) of our issued and outstanding common shares and (2) Wasef Jabsheh is a shareholder of the Company.

An eligible shareholder wishing to propose for election as a director someone who is not an existing director or is not proposed by our board of directors must give notice of the intention to propose the person for election. Where a director is to be elected at an annual general meeting, that notice must be given not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days before the anniversary of the last annual general meeting prior to the giving of the notice or, in the event the annual general meeting is called for a date that is not 30 days before or after such anniversary the notice must be given not later than 10 days following the earlier of the date on which notice of the annual general meeting was posted to shareholders or the date on which public disclosure of the date of the annual general meeting was made. Where a director is to be elected at a special general meeting, that notice must be given not later than 10 days following the earlier of the date on which notice of the special general meeting was posted to shareholders or the date on which public disclosure of the date of the special general meeting was made. An eligible shareholder is a shareholder holding at least 5% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company who has held such amount for at least three years following the date of adoption of the Amended and Restated Bye-laws.

## Removal of Directors

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors may, at any special general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, remove a director only with cause, by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least a majority of the total voting rights of all shareholders having the right to vote at such meeting, provided that the notice of any such meeting convened for the purpose of removing a director must contain a statement of the intention so to do and be served on such director not less than 14 days before the meeting and at such meeting the director will be entitled to be heard on the motion for such director's removal; provided further that a Jabsheh Director may only be removed by Wasef Jabsheh by notice in writing to the Jabsheh Director and the secretary, so long as Wasef Jabsheh is entitled to appoint such director in accordance with the Amended and Restated Bye-laws. For purposes of this provision, 'cause' means a conviction for a criminal offence involving fraud or dishonesty or civil liability in respect of any action involving fraud or dishonesty.

## Proceedings of Board of Directors

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that our business is to be managed and conducted by our board of directors. Bermuda law permits individual and corporate directors and there is no requirement in the Amended and Restated Bye-laws or Bermuda law that directors hold any of our shares. There is also no requirement in the Amended and Restated Bye-laws or Bermuda law that our directors must retire at a certain age.

The remuneration of our directors is determined by the board of directors from time to time at a duly authorized meeting. Our directors may also be paid all travel, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with our business or their duties as directors.

Provided a director discloses a direct or indirect interest in any contract or arrangement or proposed contract or arrangement with us as required by Bermuda law, such director is entitled to vote in respect of any such contract or arrangement in which he or she is interested and/or be counted in the quorum for the meeting at which such contract or arrangement is to be voted on.

A director (including the spouse or children of the director or any company of which such director, spouse or children own or control more than 20% of the capital or loan debt) cannot borrow from us (except loans made to directors who are bona fide employees or former employees, pursuant to an employee share scheme) unless shareholders holding 90% of the total voting rights have consented to the loan.

## Approval of Certain Transactions

Our board of directors may approve the following transactions only if each Jabsheh Director then in office votes in favor of such transactions:

- sell or dispose of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;
- enter into any transaction in which one or more third parties acquire or acquires 25% or more of the Company's common shares;
- enter  into  any  merger,  consolidation,  or  amalgamation  with  an  aggregate  value  equal  to  or  greater  than  $75 million  (exclusive  of  intercompany transactions);
- alter the size of the board of directors;
- incur debt in an amount of $50 million (or other equivalent currency) or more; and
- issue  common  shares  (or  securities  convertible  into  common  shares)  in  an  amount  equal  to  or  greater  than  10%  of  the  then  issued  and outstanding common shares of the Company.

## Amalgamations, Mergers and Business Combinations

The amalgamation or merger of a Bermuda company with another company or corporation (other than certain affiliated companies) requires the amalgamation or merger agreement to be approved by the company's board of directors and by its shareholders. Unless the company's bye-laws provide otherwise, the approval of 75% of the shareholders voting at such meeting is required to approve the amalgamation or merger agreement, and the quorum for such meeting must be two persons holding or representing more than one-third of the issued shares of the company. The Amended and Restated Byelaws provide that an amalgamation, consolidation or a merger (other than with a wholly owned subsidiary or as described below) that has been approved by the board of directors must only be approved by a majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of the shareholders at which the quorum shall be two or more persons present in person and representing in person or by proxy in excess of 50% of all issued and outstanding common voting shares. Any other amalgamation or merger or other business combination (as defined in the Amended and Restated Bye-laws) not approved by our board of directors must be approved by the holders of not less than 662/3% of all votes attaching to all shares then in issue entitling the holder to attend and vote on the resolution.

## Dissenter's Rights

Under Bermuda law, in the event of an amalgamation or merger of a Bermuda company with another company or corporation, including a public Bermuda company, a shareholder of the Bermuda company who did not vote in favor of the amalgamation or merger and is not satisfied that fair value has been  offered  for  such  shareholder's  shares  may,  within  one  month  of  notice  of  the  shareholders  meeting,  apply  to  the  Supreme  Court  of  Bermuda  to appraise the fair value of those shares. These approval rights did not apply to the Business Combination because the Company was not a party to any amalgamation or merger contemplated by the Business Combination.

## Approval of Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders

Bermuda law does not prohibit companies from engaging in certain business combinations with an interested shareholder. However, the Amended and  Restated  Bye-laws  contain  provisions  regarding  business  combinations  (including  mergers,  amalgamations  or  consolidations)  with  interested shareholders. These provide that, in addition to any other approval that may be required by applicable law, if the business combination is with an interested shareholder,  approval  is  required  from  (1) a  majority  of  the  board  of  directors,  including  each  Jabsheh  Director  in  the  event  such  amalgamation, consolidation or merger has an aggregate value equal to or greater than $75 million (exclusive of inter-company transactions), and (2) an affirmative vote of at  least  66.7%  of  all  the  issued  and  outstanding  voting  shares  of  the  Company  that  are  not  owned  by  the  interested  shareholder  (subject  to  certain exceptions). An interested shareholder means any person (other than Wasef Jabsheh, the Company and any entity directly or indirectly wholly-owned or majority-owned by the Company) that (i) is the owner of 15% or more of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company, (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the Company and was the owner of 15% or more of the issued and outstanding voting shares of the Company at any time within the three-year period  immediately  prior  to  the  date  on  which  it  is  sought  to  be  determined  whether  such  person  is  an  interested  shareholder  or  (iii) is  an  affiliate  or associate of any person listed in (i) or (ii) above.

## Limitations on Director Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Section 98  of  the  Companies  Act  provides  generally  that  a  Bermuda  company  may  indemnify  its  directors,  officers  and  auditors  against  any liability which by virtue of any rule of law would otherwise be imposed on them in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust, except in cases where such liability arises from fraud or dishonesty of which such director, officer or auditor may be guilty in relation to the company. Section 98 further provides that a Bermuda company may indemnify its directors, officers and auditors against any liability incurred by them in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is awarded in their favor or in which they are acquitted or granted relief by the Supreme Court of Bermuda pursuant to section 281 of the Companies Act.

The Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that the directors, resident representative, secretary and other officers acting in relation to any of the affairs  of  the  Company  or  any  subsidiary  thereof  and  the  liquidator  or  trustees  (if  any)  acting  in  relation  to  any  of  the  affairs  of  the  Company  or  any subsidiary thereof and every one of them shall be indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which they or any of them shall or may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, or in their respective offices or trusts, and no indemnified party shall be answerable to the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of the others of them or for joining in any receipts for the sake of conformity, or for any bankers or other persons with whom any moneys or effects belonging to the Company shall or may be lodged or deposited for safe custody, or for insufficiency or deficiency of any security upon which any moneys of or belonging to the Company shall be placed out on or invested, or for any other loss, misfortune or damage which may happen in the execution of their respective offices or trusts, or in relation thereto, provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty in relation to the Company which may attach to any of the indemnified parties. We may also enter into an indemnification agreement with any director or officer of the Company.

In addition, the Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that the Company may (i) purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any director or  officer  against  any  liability  incurred  by  such  person  under  the  Companies  Act  in  his  or  her  capacity  as  a  director  or  officer  of  the  Company  or indemnifying  such  director  or  officer  in  respect  of  any  loss  arising  or  liability  attaching  to  him  or  her  by  virtue  of  any  rule  of  law  in  respect  of  any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which the director or officer may be guilty in relation to the Company or any of its subsidiaries and (ii) advance  moneys  to  a  director  or  officer  for  the  costs,  charges  and  expenses  incurred  by  the  director  or  officer  in  defending  any  civil  or  criminal proceedings against him or her, on condition that the director or officer shall repay the advance if any allegation of fraud or dishonesty in relation to the Company is proved against him or her.

## Class Actions and Derivative Suits

Class  actions  and  derivative  actions  are  generally  not  available  to  shareholders  under  Bermuda  law.  The  Bermuda  courts,  however,  would ordinarily  be  expected  to  permit  a  shareholder  to  commence  an  action  in  the  name  of  a  company  to  remedy  a  wrong  to  the  company  where  the  act complained of is alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or illegal, or would result in the violation of the company's memorandum of association or bye-laws. Furthermore, consideration would be given by a Bermuda court to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or, for instance, where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of the company's shareholders than that which actually approved it.

When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a manner which is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some part of the shareholders, one or more shareholders may apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda, which may make such order as it sees fit, including an order regulating the conduct of the company's affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of the shares of any shareholders by other shareholders or by the company.

The Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that each of our shareholders waives any claim or right of action such shareholder might have, whether individually or by or in the right of the Company, against any director or officer of the Company on account of any action taken by such director or officer, or the failure of such director or officer to take any action in the performance of his duties with or for the Company or any subsidiary thereof, except in respect of any fraud or dishonesty of such director or officer.

## Exclusive Forum

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that the Supreme Court of Bermuda will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the exclusive forum  for  any  dispute  that  arises  concerning  the  Companies  Act  or  out  of  or  in  connection  with  the  Amended  and  Restated  Bye-laws,  including  any question regarding the existence and scope of any bye-law and/or whether there has been any breach of the Companies Act or the bye-laws by an officer or director (whether or not such a claim is brought in the name of a shareholder or in the name of the Company).

To the fullest extent permitted by law, the forum selection bye-law discussed above will apply to derivative actions or proceedings brought on behalf of the Company and arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, although our shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision in connection with any such derivative action or proceeding arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, and it is possible that a court could find the forum selection byelaw to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such a case.

## Amendment of Memorandum of Association and Bye-laws

Bermuda  law  provides  that  the  memorandum  of  association  of  a  company  may  be  amended  by  a  resolution  passed  at  a  general  meeting  of shareholders. Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that no bye-law shall be rescinded, altered or amended, and no new bye-law shall be made, unless it shall have been approved by a resolution of our board of directors and by a resolution of our shareholders. In the case of certain bye-laws, such as the bye-laws relating to the term, election and removal of directors, classes and powers of directors, approval of business combinations and amendment of bye-law provisions, the required resolutions must include the affirmative vote of at least 66% of our directors then in office and of at least 66% percent of the votes attaching to all shares issued and outstanding.

Under Bermuda law, the holders of an aggregate of not less than 20% in par value of the company's issued share capital or any class thereof have the right to apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda for an annulment of any amendment of the memorandum of association adopted by shareholders at any general meeting, other than an amendment which alters or reduces a company's share capital as provided in the Companies Act. Where such an application is made, the amendment becomes effective only to the extent that it is confirmed by the Bermuda court. An application for an annulment of an amendment of the memorandum of association must be made within 21 days after the date on which the resolution altering the company's memorandum of association is passed and may be made on behalf of persons entitled to make the application by one or more of their number as they may appoint in writing for the purpose. No application may be made by shareholders voting in favor of the amendment.

## Capitalization of Profits and Reserves

Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Bye-laws, our board of directors may (i) capitalize any part of the amount of our share premium or other reserve accounts or any amount credited to our profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution by applying such sum in paying up unissued shares to be allotted as fully paid bonus shares pro-rata (except in connection with the conversion of shares) to the shareholders; or (ii) capitalize any sum standing to the credit of a reserve account or sums otherwise available for dividend or distribution by paying up in full, partly paid or nil paid shares of those shareholders who would have been entitled to such sums if they were distributed by way of dividend or distribution.

## Untraced Shareholders

Our Amended and Restated Bye-laws provide that our board of directors may forfeit any dividend or other monies payable in respect of any shares which remain unclaimed for six years from the date when such monies became due for payment (or such other period of time as may be required pursuant to the listing requirements of Nasdaq or such other stock exchange or quotation system applicable to our shares, provided that such other period of time is not less than six years). In addition, we are entitled to cease sending dividend warrants and checks by post or otherwise to a shareholder if such instruments have been returned undelivered to, or left uncashed by, such shareholder on at least two consecutive occasions or, following one such occasion, reasonable enquires have failed to establish the shareholder's new address. This entitlement ceases if the shareholder claims a dividend or cashes a dividend check or a warrant.

## Certain Provisions of Bermuda Law

## Exchange Control

We  have  been  designated  by  the  BMA  as  a  non-resident  for  Bermuda  exchange  control  purposes.  This  designation  allows  us  to  engage  in transactions in currencies other than the Bermuda dollar, and there are no restrictions on our ability to transfer funds (other than funds denominated in Bermuda dollars) in and out of Bermuda or to pay dividends to United States residents who are holders of our common shares. The BMA has given its consent for the issue and free transferability of all of our common shares to and between non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes, provided our shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange, which includes Nasdaq. Approvals or permissions given by the BMA do not constitute a guarantee by  the  BMA  as  to  our  performance  or  our  creditworthiness.  Accordingly,  in  giving  such  consent  or  permissions,  the  BMA  shall  not  be  liable  for  the financial soundness, performance or default of our business or for the correctness of any opinions or statements expressed in this annual report. Certain issues and transfers of common shares involving persons deemed resident in Bermuda for exchange control purposes require the specific consent of the BMA.

## Share Certificates

In  accordance  with  Bermuda  law,  share  certificates  are  only  issued  in  the  names  of  companies,  partnerships  or  individuals.  In  the  case  of  a shareholder acting in a special capacity (for example as a trustee), certificates may, at the request of the shareholder, record the capacity in which the shareholder is acting. Notwithstanding such recording of any special capacity, we are not bound to investigate or see to the execution of any such trust.

## Membership

Under the Companies Act, only those persons who agree to become members of a Bermuda company and whose names are entered on the register of members of such company are deemed members. A Bermuda company is not bound to see to the execution of any trust, whether express, implied or constructive, to which any of its shares are subject and whether or not the company had notice of such trust. Accordingly, persons holding shares through a trustee, nominee or depository will not be recognized as members of a Bermuda company under Bermuda law and may only have the benefit of rights attaching to the shares or remedies conferred by law on members through or with the assistance of the trustee, nominee or depository.

## C. Material Contracts

## Business Combination Agreement

On October 10,  2019,  IGI  Dubai  entered  into  the  Business  Combination  Agreement  with  Tiberius,  the  Sponsor  (solely  in  its  capacity  as  the Purchaser Representative), Wasef Jabsheh (solely in his capacity as the representative of the Sellers) and, pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company and Merger Sub.

In connection with the Business Combination Agreement, all shareholders of IGI Dubai entered into Share Exchange Agreements with IGI Dubai, Tiberius and the Seller Representative, pursuant to which the Company became a party thereafter upon execution of a joinder thereto.

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, among other matters, on March 17, 2020 (the 'Closing') (1) Merger Sub merged with and into Tiberius, with Tiberius surviving the merger and each of the former security holders of Tiberius receiving securities of the Company (the 'Merger') and (2) all of the outstanding share capital of IGI Dubai (the 'Purchased Shares') was exchanged by the Sellers for a combination of common shares of the Company and aggregate cash consideration of $80.0 million (the 'Share Exchange' and, together with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement, the 'Business Combination').

As a result of and upon consummation of the Business Combination, each of Tiberius and IGI Dubai became a subsidiary of the Company and the Company became a new public company owned by the prior stockholders of Tiberius and the prior shareholders of IGI Dubai. Upon consummation of the Business Combination pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, our common shares and warrants to purchase common shares became listed on Nasdaq under the symbols IGIC and IGICW, respectively.

The total consideration paid by the Company to the Sellers (the 'Transaction Consideration') was equal to (i) the sum of (the 'Adjusted Book Value') (A) the total consolidated book equity value of IGI Dubai and its subsidiaries as of the most recent month end of IGI Dubai prior to the Closing (the 'Book Value'), plus (B) the amount of IGI Dubai's out-of-pocket transaction expenses which reduced the Book Value from what it would have been if such expenses had not been incurred, multiplied by (ii) 1.22, and multiplied by (iii) a fraction equal to (A) the total number of Purchased Shares divided by (B) the total number of issued and outstanding IGI Dubai shares as of the Closing.

$80,000,000 of the Transaction Consideration was paid in cash (the 'Cash Consideration'), with each Purchased Share acquired for cash paid based on a value equal to two times Adjusted Book Value per share. The Purchased Shares paid with the Cash Consideration were allocated among the Sellers  based  on  an  agreed  upon  formula,  with  Wasef  Jabsheh  receiving  $65,000,000  of  the  Cash  Consideration,  Wasef  Jabsheh's  family  members receiving no Cash Consideration and the remaining Sellers receiving the remaining $15,000,000 pro rata based on the Purchased Shares owned by each such remaining Seller.

The  remaining  Transaction  Consideration  was  paid  by  the  Company  to  the  Sellers  by  delivery  of  the  Exchange  Shares  equal  in  value  to  the Transaction Consideration less the Cash Consideration (the 'Equity Consideration'), with each Exchange Share valued at the price per share at which each Tiberius share of common stock was redeemed or converted pursuant to the redemption by Tiberius of its public stockholders in connection with Tiberius' initial  business  combination,  as  required  by  its  amended  and  restated  certificate  of  incorporation  and  Tiberius'  initial  public  offering  prospectus.  The Exchange Shares were allocated among the Sellers pro rata based on the total number of Purchased Shares held by them after deducting the number of Purchased Shares paid for with the Cash Consideration.

## Registration Rights Agreement with Former IGI Dubai Shareholders

At the Closing, the Company, the Purchaser Representative and the Sellers entered into a Registration Rights Agreement that became effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination. See ' Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions - Related Party Transactions.'

## Founders Registration Rights Agreement

Tiberius, the Sponsor and the other Holders named therein are party to a registration rights agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018. At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company, Tiberius and the holders of a majority of the 'Registrable Securities' thereunder entered into an amendment to such agreement whereby the Company assumed Tiberius's obligations under the agreement (collectively, the 'Founders Registration Rights Agreement'). Pursuant to the Founders Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to file within 30 days after the Closing a resale registration statement on Form F-1,  F-3,  S-1  or  S-3  covering  all  'Registrable  Securities'  thereunder  and  to  use  its  commercially  reasonable  efforts  to  cause  such  registration statement to be declared effective as soon as possible thereafter. The Company initially filed such registration statement with the SEC on April 14, 2020, and it was declared effective on April 27, 2020. This registration statement was replaced by a new registration statement on Form F-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in November 2021.

We may delay the filing or the effectiveness of, or suspend the use of such registration statement for not more than 30 days if such filing, the effectiveness or continued use of the registration statement, as the case may be (i) would, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive Officer or principal  financial  officer  of  the  Company,  after  consultation  with  counsel  to  the  Company,  require  the  Company  to  disclose  material  non-public information that has not been, and is otherwise not required to be, disclosed to the public, and the Company has a bona fide business purpose for not making  such  information  public,  or  (ii) would  require  the  inclusion  in  such  registration  statement  of  financial  statements  that  are  unavailable  to  the Company for reasons beyond the Company's control. If the Company exercises these rights, the holders of Registrable Securities agreed to, immediately upon their receipt of a notice from us, to suspend the use of the prospectus relating any sale of their Registrable Securities. The holders of Registrable Securities  are  also  required  to  discontinue  any  sale  of  their  Registrable  Securities  upon  receipt  of  written  notice  from  the  Company  that  our  resale registration statement or prospectus relating to such registration statement contains a material misstatement or omission.

## Subscription Agreements with PIPE Investors

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement on October 10, 2019, Tiberius entered into subscription agreements (each, a 'PIPE Subscription Agreement') with certain investors (the 'PIPE Investors'), pursuant to which Tiberius agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE Investors an aggregate of $23,611,809 of Tiberius common stock at a price of $10.20 per share immediately prior to, and subject to, the Closing, which became the Company's common shares in the Business Combination. At the Closing, Tiberius issued 2,314,883 shares of Tiberius common stock to the PIPE Investors, which were exchanged for 2,314,883 common shares of the Company in the Merger. The PIPE Investors were given registration rights in the PIPE Subscription Agreements pursuant to which the Company, as the successor to Tiberius, is required to file a resale registration statement for the shares issued to the PIPE Investors within 30 days after the Closing and use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective as soon as practicable after the filing thereof. The Company initially filed such registration statement with the SEC on April 14, 2020, and it was declared effective on April 27, 2020. This registration statement was replaced by a new registration statement on Form F-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in November 2021.

Under the PIPE Subscription Agreements, the Company may delay filing or suspend the use of any such registration statement if it determines that an amendment to the registration statement is required in order for the registration statement to not contain a material misstatement or omission, or if such filing or use could materially affect a bona fide business or financing transaction of the Company or would require premature disclosure of information that could materially adversely affect the Company (each such circumstance, a 'Suspension Event'). Upon receipt of any written notice from the Company of any Suspension Event, the PIPE Investors are required to immediately discontinue offers and sales of our securities under the registration statement and to maintain the confidentiality of any information included in such written notice delivered by the Company unless otherwise required by applicable law.

## Forward Purchase Commitments

In  connection with its initial public offering in 2018, Tiberius obtained forward purchase commitments from four investors who committed to purchase Tiberius securities for $25 million in connection with Tiberius's initial business combination. Prior to the Closing, The Gray Insurance Company, an affiliate of the Sponsor, assumed the rights and obligations of one of these four investors under his forward purchase contract and his PIPE Subscription Agreement. At the Closing, Tiberius issued 2,900,000 share of Tiberius common stock to the four investors that were exchanged for 2,900,000 common shares of the Company in the Merger. Following the consummation of the Business Combination, pursuant to the Founders Registration Rights Agreement, as amended at the Closing, the Company is required to file and maintain an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of the securities issued to the four investors pursuant to the forward purchase contracts. The Company initially filed such registration statement with the SEC on April 14, 2020, and it was declared effective on April 27, 2020. This registration statement was replaced by a new registration statement on Form F-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in November 2021.

## Warrant Agreement

The Company agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days after the Closing, we would use our best efforts to file a registration statement with the SEC covering the common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company also agreed to use its best efforts to cause the registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to such common shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. The warrants expire on March 17, 2025. The Company initially filed such registration statement with the SEC on April 14, 2020, and it was declared effective on April 27, 2020. This registration statement was replaced by a new registration statement on Form F-3, which was declared effective by the SEC in November 2021.

If a registration statement covering the common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within 90 days after the Closing, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis.

## Tiberius Insider Letter

Pursuant to the letter agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018 (the 'Tiberius Insider Letter'), among Tiberius, the Sponsor and certain directors and officers of Tiberius (collectively, the 'Insiders'), the Sponsor and each Insider agreed that they will not transfer any founder shares (or shares issuable upon conversion of the  founder  shares)  until  the  earlier  of  (A) one  year  after  the  completion  of  Tiberius's  initial  business  combination  or  (B) subsequent  to Tiberius's initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Tiberius common Stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,  stock  dividends,  reorganizations,  recapitalizations  and  the  like)  for  any  20 trading  days  within  any  30-trading day  period  commencing  at  least 150 days  after  Tiberius's  initial  business  combination  or  (y) the  date  on  which  Tiberius  completes  a  liquidation,  merger,  capital  stock  exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Tiberius common stock for cash, securities or other property. Following the closing of the Business Combination, the lock-up restrictions set forth in the Tiberius Insider Letter applied with respect  to  our  common  shares  issued  to  the  Sponsor  (Lagniappe)  and  subsequently  distributed  to  the  Sponsor's  members,  and  to  Insiders  (four  former directors of Tiberius) and their permitted transferees (Wasef Jabsheh and Argo) in exchange for their founder shares. The lock-up period set forth in the Tiberius Insider Letter ended on March 17, 2021.

## Other Material Contracts

Other  material  contracts  of  the  Company,  including  agreements  entered  into  prior  to  the  Business  Combination,  the  Sponsor  Share  Letter, Registration  Rights  Agreements  with  Former  IGI  Dubai  Shareholders,  the  Non-Competition  Agreement,  and  employment  agreements  with  our  Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, are described elsewhere in this annual report or in the information incorporated by reference herein.

## D. Exchange Controls

See  ' Item  10.  Additional  Information - B.  Memorandum  and  Articles  of  Association - Certain  Provisions  of  Bermuda  Law - Exchange Control '.

## E. Taxation

## Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations

The following discussion is a summary under present law of certain material United States federal income tax considerations to U.S. holders (as defined below) of our common shares and warrants (which we refer to as our 'securities') that own or dispose of our common shares. This discussion addresses only those security holders that hold their securities as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Code'), and does not address all the United States federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to particular holders in light of their individual circumstances (such as a shareholder owning directly, indirectly or constructively 5% or more of our common shares) or to holders that are subject to special rules, such as:

- insurance companies;
- real estate investment trusts or regulated investment companies;
- persons who hold or receive our common shares as compensation;
- individual retirement and other tax-deferred accounts;
- persons whose functional currency (as defined in Section 985 of the Code) is not the U.S. dollar;

- financial institutions;
- partnerships or other entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
- tax-exempt organizations;
- dealers in securities or currencies;
- traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting;
- persons  holding  our  common  shares  as  part  of  a  'straddle,'  'hedge,'  'conversion  transaction,'  'synthetic  security'  or  other  integrated investment; and
- Non-U.S. holders (as defined below).

For purposes of this discussion, a 'U.S. holder' is a beneficial owner of our securities that is:

- a citizen or resident of the United States;
- a corporation (including an entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof;
- an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
- any trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person.

The  term  'Non-U.S. holder'  means  a  beneficial  owner  of  our  securities  other  than  a  U.S. holder  or  an  entity  (or  arrangement)  treated  as  a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If an entity (or arrangement) treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our securities the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly, partnerships  holding  our  securities  and  the  partners  in  such  partnerships  should  consult  their  tax  advisors  regarding  the  U.S. federal  income  tax consequences to them.

This discussion is based upon the Code, applicable U.S. treasury regulations thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect as of the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. Tax considerations under state, local and non-U.S. laws, or federal laws other than those pertaining to the income tax, are not addressed.

Except for the discussion under 'Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules' this discussion assumes that the Company is not, and will not, in the foreseeable future, be a 'passive foreign investment company' for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

THE  U.S. FEDERAL  INCOME  TAX  TREATMENT  OF  HOLDERS  OF  OUR  SECURITIES  DEPENDS  IN  SOME  INSTANCES  ON DETERMINATIONS OF FACT AND INTERPRETATIONS OF COMPLEX PROVISIONS OF U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAW FOR WHICH NO CLEAR PRECEDENT OR AUTHORITY MAY BE AVAILABLE. IN ADDITION, THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF HOLDING OUR  COMMON  SHARES  AND  WARRANTS  TO  ANY  PARTICULAR  SHAREHOLDER  WILL  DEPEND  ON  THE  SHAREHOLDER'S PARTICULAR TAX CIRCUMSTANCES. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. INCOME AND OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU, IN LIGHT OF YOUR PARTICULAR INVESTMENT OR TAX CIRCUMSTANCES, OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, AND DISPOSING OF OUR COMMON SHARES AND WARRANTS.

## Taxation of Dividends and Other Distributions on Our Common Shares

Subject to the discussion below under ' Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules ,' the gross amount of distributions made by the Company to you with respect to the common shares (including the amount of any taxes withheld therefrom) will generally be includable in your gross income as dividend income on the date of receipt by you, but only to the extent that the distribution is paid out of the Company's current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). To the extent that the amount of the distribution exceeds the Company's current and accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), it will be treated first as a tax-free return of your tax basis in your common shares, and to the extent the amount of the distribution exceeds your tax basis, the excess will be taxed as capital gain. The Company does not intend to calculate its earnings and profits under U.S. federal income tax principles. Therefore, you should expect that a distribution will be treated as a dividend even if that distribution would otherwise be treated as a non-taxable return of capital or as capital gain under the rules described above.

With respect to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individual U.S. holders, dividends will be taxed at the lower capital gains rate applicable to qualified  dividend  income,  provided  that  (1) the  common  shares  are  readily  tradable  on  an  established  securities  market  in  the  United States,  (2) the Company is not a passive foreign investment company (as discussed below) for either the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or the preceding taxable year, and (3) certain holding period requirements are met. You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for dividends paid with respect to our common shares. With respect to corporate U.S. holders, the dividends will generally not be eligible for the dividendsreceived deduction allowed to corporations in respect of dividends received from other U.S. corporations.

## Taxation of Dispositions of Common Shares and Warrants

Subject to the discussion below under ' Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules ,' you will recognize taxable gain or loss on any sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our common share or warrants equal to the difference between the amount realized (in U.S. dollars) for the common share or warrant and your tax basis (in U.S. dollars) in the common share or warrant. The gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. If you are a noncorporate U.S. holder, including an individual U.S. holder, who has held the common shares or warrants for more than one year, you may be eligible for reduced tax rates on any such capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

## Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules

Although  not  free  from  doubt,  the  Company  does  not  believe  it  is  likely  to  be  classified  as  a  PFIC  for  the  current  taxable  year.  A non-U.S. corporation is considered a PFIC for any taxable year if either:

- at least 75% of its gross income for such taxable year is passive income; or
- at least 50% of the value of its assets (based on an average of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income (the 'asset test').

For purposes of the PFIC rules, a corporation is treated as owning its proportionate share of the assets and earning its proportionate share of the income of any other corporation in which it owns, directly or indirectly, at least 25% (by value) of the stock (the 'Look-Through Rule'). Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business), passive assets generally  include  assets  held  for  the  production  of  such  income,  and  gains  from  the  disposition  of  passive  assets  are  generally  all  included  in  passive income.

Special  rules  apply,  however,  in  determining  whether  the  income  of  an  insurance  company  is  passive  income  for  purposes  of  these  rules. Specifically, income derived in the active conduct of an insurance business by a 'qualified insurance corporation' (a 'QIC') is excluded from the definition of  passive  income,  even  though  that  income  would  otherwise  be  considered  passive  (the  'Insurance  Company  Exception').  Pursuant  to  the  Insurance Company Exception, (a) passive income does not include income that a QIC derives in the active conduct of an insurance business or income of a lookthrough subsidiary, and (b) passive assets do not include assets of a QIC available to satisfy liabilities of the QIC related to its insurance business, if the QIC is engaged in the active conduct of an insurance business, or assets of a look-through subsidiary.

Under certain proposed regulations, a QIC is in the 'active conduct' of an insurance business only if it satisfies either a 'factual requirements' test or an 'active conduct percentage' test. The factual requirements rest requires that the officers and employees of the QIC carry out substantial managerial and operational activities on a regular and continuous basis with respect to its core functions and that they perform virtually all of the active decisionmaking functions including those relevant to underwriting functions. The active conduct percentage test generally requires that (i) the total costs incurred by the QIC with respect to its officers and employees for services rendered with respect to its core functions (other than investment activities) equal or exceed 50 percent of total costs incurred by the QIC with respect to its officers and employees and any other person or entities for services rendered with respect to its core functions (other than investment activities) and (ii) to the extent the QIC outsources any part of its core functions to unrelated entities, officers and employees  of  the  QIC  with  experience  and  relevant  expertise  must  select  and  supervise  the  person  that  performs  the  outsourced  functions,  establish objectives for performance of the outsourced functions and prescribe rigorous guidelines relating to the outsourced functions which are routinely evaluated and updated. Under certain exceptions, however, a QIC (a) that has no or only a nominal number of employees, or (b) that is a vehicle that (x) has the effect of securitizing or collateralizing insurance risks underwritten by other insurance or reinsurance companies or (y) is an insurance linked securities fund that invests in securitization vehicles, is deemed not engaged in the active conduct of an insurance business. A QIC's officers and employees include those of certain affiliates for these purposes. The 2021 Final Regulations contain guidance on the application of the Look-Through Rule which allows a portion of assets and income of certain look-through subsidiaries of a QIC to be treated as active.

Based on the gross assets, and claims and claim adjustment expenses, reserves of certain of its subsidiaries and local regulatory requirements relating to such reserves, and based on the manner in which its subsidiaries conducts and expects to continue to conduct its business, the Company expects a sufficient amount of its income and assets to be treated as active income or assets of a QIC or that will be treated as active income or assets of a QIC under the Look-Through Rule such that it will not be classified as a PFIC.

Thus, although not free from doubt, the Company does not believe it is likely to be treated as a PFIC for the current year and does not believe it is likely to be so treated in foreseeable future years. Whether the Company is a PFIC is a factual determination made annually, and the Company's status could  change  depending  upon,  among  other  things,  the  manner  in  which  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  conduct  their  business.  Accordingly,  no assurance can be given that the Company is not currently or will not become a PFIC in the current or any future taxable year.

In  addition,  changes  in  law  can  adversely  affect  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries'  abilities  to  qualify  for  the  Insurance  Company  Exception, modify the Look-Through Rule as applied for that exception, or otherwise cause the Company to qualify as a PFIC, possibly with retroactive effect. In particular, the U.S. Treasury has proposed regulations regarding the Insurance Company Exception. We cannot provide any assurance that such proposed regulations, when finalized, will not cause the Company to be treated as a PFIC. Further, the IRS may issue guidance that causes us to fail to qualify for the Insurance Company Exception on a prospective or retroactive basis.

If the Company is a PFIC for any year during which you hold the Company's common shares or warrants, it will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which you hold common shares or warrants. However, if the Company ceases to be a PFIC and you did not previously make a timely 'mark-to-market' election as described below, you may avoid some of the adverse effects of the PFIC regime by making a 'purging election' (as described below) with respect to the common shares or warrants.

If the Company is a PFIC for any taxable year(s) during which you hold common shares or warrants, you will be subject to special tax rules with respect to any 'excess distribution' that you receive and any gain you realize from a sale or other disposition (including a pledge) of the common shares or warrants, unless, with respect to your common shares, you make a 'mark-to-market' election as discussed below. Distributions you receive in a taxable year that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions you received during the shorter of the three preceding taxable years or your holding period for the common shares or warrants will be treated as an excess distribution. Under these special tax rules:

- the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over your holding period for the common shares or warrants;
- the amount allocated to your current taxable year, and any amount allocated to any of your taxable year(s) prior to the first taxable year in which the Company was a PFIC, will be treated as ordinary income, and
- the amount allocated to each of your other taxable year(s) will be subject to the highest tax rate in effect for that year and the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed on the resulting tax attributable to each such year.

The tax liability for amounts allocated to years prior to the year of disposition or 'excess distribution' cannot be offset by any net operating losses for such years, and gains (but not losses) realized on the sale of the common shares or warrants cannot be treated as capital, even if you hold the common shares or warrants as capital assets.

A U.S. holder of 'marketable stock' (as defined below) in a PFIC may make a mark-to-market election for such stock to elect out of the tax treatment discussed above. If you make a mark-to-market election for the first taxable year which you hold (or are deemed to hold) our common shares and for which the Company is determined to be a PFIC, you will include in your income each year an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the common shares as of the close of such taxable year over your adjusted basis in such common shares, which excess will be treated as ordinary income and not capital gain. You are allowed an ordinary loss for the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of the common shares over their fair market value as of the close of the taxable year. However, such ordinary loss is allowable only to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains on the common shares included in your income for prior taxable years. Amounts included in your income under a mark-to-market election, as well as gain on the actual sale or other  disposition  of  the  common  shares,  are  treated  as  ordinary  income. Ordinary  loss  treatment  also  applies  to  any  loss  realized  on  the  actual  sale  or disposition of the common shares, to the extent that the amount of such loss does not exceed the net mark-to-market gains previously included for such common shares. Your basis in the common shares will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts. If you make a valid mark-to-market election, the tax rules that apply to distributions by corporations which are not PFICs would apply to distributions by the Company, except that the lower applicable capital  gains  rate  for  qualified  dividend  income  discussed  above  under '- Taxation  of  Dividends  and  Other  Distributions  on  Our  Common  Shares ' generally would not apply.

The mark-to-market election is available only for 'marketable stock', which is stock that is traded in other than de minimis quantities on at least 15 days during each calendar quarter ('regularly traded') on a qualified exchange or other market (as defined in applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), including Nasdaq. If our common shares are regularly traded on Nasdaq Capital Market and if you are a holder of common shares, the mark-to-market election would be available to you were the Company to be or become a PFIC.

Alternatively, a U.S. holder of stock in a PFIC may make a 'qualified electing fund' election with respect to such PFIC to elect out of the tax treatment discussed above. A U.S. holder who makes a valid qualified electing fund election with respect to a PFIC will generally include in gross income for a taxable year such holder's pro rata share of the corporation's earnings and profits for the taxable year. However, the qualified electing fund election is available only if such PFIC provides such U.S. holder with certain information regarding its earnings and profits as required under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations. The Company does not currently intend to prepare or provide the information that would enable you to make a qualified electing fund election. If you hold common shares in any taxable year in which the Company is a PFIC, you will be required to file U.S. IRS Form 8621 in each such year and provide certain annual information regarding such common shares, including regarding distributions received on the common shares and any gain realized on the disposition of the common shares.

If you do not make a timely 'mark-to-market' election (as described above), and if the Company were a PFIC at any time during the period you hold its common shares, then such common shares will continue to be treated as stock of a PFIC with respect to you even if the Company ceases to be a PFIC in a future year, unless you make a 'purging election' for the year the Company ceases to be a PFIC. A 'purging election' creates a deemed sale of such common shares at their fair market value on the last day of the last year in which the Company is treated as a PFIC. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, you will have a new basis (equal to the fair market value of the common shares on the last day of the last year in which the Company is treated as a PFIC) and holding period (which new holding period will begin the day after such last day) in your common shares for tax purposes.

You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to your investment in our common shares and the elections discussed above, in particular any U.S. holders of warrants should consult their advisors regarding whether any such elections are available to warrants and the effect of making such election with respect to warrants.

## Exercise or Lapse of a Warrant

Subject to the discussion below under ' Passive Foreign Investment Company ('PFIC') Rules ,'  except as discussed below with respect to the cashless exercise of a warrant, you generally will not recognize taxable gain or loss from the acquisition of common shares upon exercise of a warrant for cash. Your tax basis in the common shares received upon exercise of the warrant generally will be an amount equal to the sum of your basis in the warrant and the exercise price. Your holding period for the common shares received upon exercise of the warrants will begin on the date following the date of exercise (or possibly the date of exercise) of the warrants and will not include the period during which you held the warrants. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, you generally will recognize a capital loss equal to your tax basis in the warrant.

The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation,  your  basis  in  the  common  shares  received  would  equal  your  basis  in  the  warrant.  If  the  cashless  exercise  were  treated  as  not  being  a  gain realization event, your holding period in the common shares would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise (or possibly the date of exercise) of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the common shares would include the holding period of the warrant.

It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated in part as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, you could be deemed to have surrendered warrants equal to the number of common shares having a value equal to the exercise price for the total number of warrants to be exercised. You would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the common shares represented by the warrants deemed surrendered and your tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, your tax basis in the common shares received would equal the sum of the fair market value of the common shares represented by the warrants deemed surrendered and your tax basis in the warrants  exercised.  Your  holding  period  for  the  common  shares  would  commence  on  the  date  following  the  date  of  exercise  (or  possibly  the  date  of exercise) of the warrant.

Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, you should consult your tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise.

## Possible Constructive Distributions

Subject  to  the  discussion  below  under  ' Passive  Foreign  Investment  Company  ('PFIC')  Rules ,'  the  terms  of  each  warrant  provide  for  an adjustment to the number of common shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. You would, however, be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases your proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of common shares that would be obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash to the holders of common shares which is taxable to the U.S. holders of such shares as described under 'Taxation of Dividends and Other Distributions on Our Common Shares ' above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if you received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest.

## Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Certain  non-corporate  U.S. holders  are  required  to  report  information  to  the  IRS  relating  to  an  interest  in  'specified  foreign  financial  assets,' including shares and warrants issued by a non-U.S. corporation. These rules also impose penalties if a U.S. holder is required to submit such information to the IRS and fails to do so.

Dividend payments with respect to our common shares and proceeds from the sale, exchange or redemption of our common shares and warrants may be subject to information reporting to the IRS and possible U.S. backup withholding. Backup withholding will not apply, however, to a U.S. holder who furnishes a correct taxpayer identification number and makes any other required certification or who otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the U.S. information reporting and backup withholding rules.

Backup withholding is  not an  additional  tax.  Amounts  withheld  as  backup  withholding  may  be credited  against  your  U.S. federal  income  tax liability, and you may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and timely furnishing any required information.

## Bermuda Tax Considerations

Under present Bermuda law, no Bermuda withholding tax on dividends or other distributions, or any Bermuda tax computed on profits or income or on any capital asset, gain or appreciation will be payable by us or applicable to our operations, and there is no Bermuda tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax applicable to our shares, debentures or other obligations held by non-residents of Bermuda.

## Tax Assurance

We have obtained an assurance from the Minister of Finance of Bermuda under the Exempted Undertakings Tax Protection Act 1966 that, in the event that any legislation is enacted in Bermuda imposing any tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain or appreciation or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, such tax shall not, until March 31, 2035, be applicable to us or to any of our operations or to our shares, debentures or other obligations except insofar as such tax applies to persons ordinarily resident in Bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in Bermuda.

## Taxation of Shareholders

Shareholders  should  seek  advice  from  their  tax  advisor  to  determine  the  taxation  to  which  they  may  be  subject  based  on  the  shareholder's circumstances.

## F. Dividends and Paying Agents

Not applicable.

## G. Statement by Experts

Not applicable.

## H. Documents on Display

Documents concerning the Company that are referred to in this annual report may be inspected at our principal executive offices at 74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, P.O. Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan or as otherwise set out in this annual report.

We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act that are applicable to foreign private issuers. Accordingly, we are required to file or furnish reports and other information with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 20-F and reports on Form 6-K. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information that we file with or furnish electronically with the SEC. You may read and copy any report or document we file, including the exhibits, at the SEC's public reference room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room.

We maintain a corporate website at www.iginsure.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part of this annual report.

As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt under the Exchange Act from, among other things, the rules prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our executive officers, directors and principal and selling shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we will not be required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. domestic companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act.

Members of the general public have a right to inspect the public documents of a company available at the office of the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda.  These  documents  include  the  company's  memorandum  of  association,  including  its  objects  and  powers,  and  certain  alterations  to  the memorandum of association. The shareholders have the additional  right  to  inspect  the  bye-laws  of  the  company,  minutes  of  general  meetings  and  the company's audited financial statements, which must be presented to the annual general meeting. The register of members of a company is also open to inspection by shareholders and by members of the general public without charge. The register of members is required to be open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day (subject to the ability of a company to close the register of members for not more than thirty days in a year). A company is  required  to  maintain  its  share  register  in  Bermuda  but  may,  subject  to  the  provisions  of  the  Companies  Act,  establish  a  branch  register  outside  of Bermuda. A company is required to keep at its registered office a register of directors and officers that is open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day by members of the public without charge. A company is also required to file with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda a list of its directors to be maintained on a register, which register will be available for public inspection subject to such conditions as the Registrar may impose and on payment of such fee as may be prescribed. Bermuda law does not, however, provide a general right for shareholders to inspect or obtain copies of any other corporate records.

## I. Subsidiary Information

Not applicable.

## ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS

## Insurance risk

Insurance  risk  includes  the  risks  of  inappropriate  underwriting,  ineffective  management  of  underwriting,  inadequate  controls  over  exposure management in relation to catastrophic events and insufficient reserves for losses including claims incurred but not reported.

To manage this risk, our underwriting function is conducted in accordance with a number of technical analytical protocols which include defined underwriting  authorities,  guidelines  by  class  of  business,  rate  monitoring  and  underwriting  peer  reviews.  The  risk  is  further  protected  by  reinsurance programs which respond to various arrays of loss probabilities.

We have in place effective exposure management systems. Aggregate exposure is modelled and tested against different stress scenarios to ensure adherence to our overall risk appetite and alignment with reinsurance programs and underwriting strategies.

The  appropriateness  of  the  company's  reinsurance  protections  is  tested  against  a  series  of  stochastically  modelled  aggregate  loss  scenarios  to consider the probability of both vertical and horizontal exhaustion against the company's ability to absorb stress losses within its available capital on both a prospective and retrospective basis.

Loss reserve estimates are inherently uncertain. Reserves for unpaid losses are the largest single component of our liabilities. Actual losses that differ from the provisions, or revisions in the estimates, can have a material impact on future earnings and the statement of financial position. We have an in-house experienced actuarial function reviewing and monitoring the reserving policy and its implementation at quarterly intervals. They work closely with the underwriting and claims team to ensure an understanding of our exposure and loss experience. In addition, we receive external independent analysis of our reserve requirements on an annual basis.

In order to minimize financial exposure arising from large claims, in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts with other parties for reinsurance purposes. Such reinsurance arrangements provide for greater diversification of business, allow management to control exposure to potential losses arising from large risks, and provide additional capacity for growth. A significant portion of the reinsurance is affected under treaty, facultative and excess-of-loss reinsurance contracts.

## Sensitivities

The analysis below shows the estimated impact on gross and net insurance contracts claims liabilities and on profit before tax, of potential reserve deviations on ultimate claims development at gross and net level from that reported in the statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

In selecting the volatility factors, we have illustrated the sensitivity of the net claims to a standard variation in the gross outstanding claims. The choices of variation (7.5% and 5%) are illustrative but are consistent with what we would consider representative of a reasonable potential for variation. The illustrated variations do not represent limits of the potential variation and actual variation could significantly vary from the illustrated values.

| Sensitivity  Gross Loss  Sensitivity  Factor  Impact of  increase on  gross  outstanding  claims  Impact of  decrease on  gross  outstanding  claims  Impact of  increase on  net outstanding  claims  Impact of  decrease on  net  outstanding  claims  Impact of  increase on  profit  before tax  Impact of  decrease on  profit  before tax  %  ($) in millions  2022  7.5% $  48.0  $  (48.0)  $  33.6  $  (33.6)  $  (33.6)  $  33.6  2022  5%  32.0  (32.0)  22.4  (22.4)  (22.4)  22.4  2021  7.5%  $  41.4  $  (41.4)  $  30.1  $  (30.1)  $  (30.1)  $  30.1  2021  5%  27.6  (27.6)  20.0  (20.0)  (20.0)  20.0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk

Our principal financial instruments are financial assets at fair value through OCI, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at amortized cost, receivables arising from insurance, investments in associates, investment properties and reinsurance contracts and cash and cash equivalents. We do not enter into derivative transactions.

The main risks arising from our financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, market price risk and liquidity risk. Our board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarized below.

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect future profitability or the fair values of financial instruments. We are exposed to interest rate risk on certain of our investments and cash and cash equivalents. We limit interest rate risk by monitoring changes in interest rates in the currencies in which our cash and interest bearing investments and borrowings are denominated.

Details of maturities of the major classes of our financial assets as of December 31, 2022 are as follows:

| Less than  1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Noninterest  bearing items  Total  ($) in millions  Financial assets at FVTP  -  -  -  25.4  25.4  Financial assets at FVOCI  73.6  356.1  59.4  18.2  507.3  Financial assets at amortized cost  2.0  -  -  -  2.0  Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits  387.8  47.2  -  -  435.0  Total  463.4  403.3  59.4  43.6  969.7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of maturities of the major classes of our financial assets as of December 31, 2021 are as follows:

| Less than  1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Noninterest  bearing items  Total  ($) in millions  Financial assets at FVTP  -  -  -  28.5  28.5  Financial assets at FVOCI  44.0  261.3  113.2  20.8  439.2  Financial assets at amortized cost  2.5  -  -  -  2.5  Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits  368.0  54.1  -  -  422.1  Total  414.5  315.4  113.2  49.3  892.3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of our income statement to reasonably possible changes in interest rates, with all other variables held constant.

The sensitivity of our income statement is the effect of the assumed changes in interest rates on our profit for the year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial liabilities held at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

| Increase/decrease in basis points  Effect on  profit before  tax for  the year  ($ in millions)  2022  - 25 basis points  $  (2.1)  - 50 basis points  $  (4.2)  2021  - 25 basis points  $  (1.6)  - 50 basis points  $  (3.2)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency risk

Foreign  currency  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  of  future  cash  flows  of  financial  instruments  will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  foreign currency exchange rates.

We are exposed to currency risk mainly on insurance written premiums and incurred claims that are denominated in a currency other than our functional currency. The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are Sterling and Euro. As a significant portion of our transactions are denominated in U.S dollars, this reduces currency risk. Intra-group transactions are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars.

Part of our monetary assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency other than our functional currency and are subject to risks associated with currency exchange fluctuation. We reduce some of this currency exposure by maintaining some of our bank balances in foreign currencies in which some of our insurance payables are denominated.

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the U.S. dollars exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of IGI's profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities):

| Changes in  currency  rate to  U.S. dollars  Effect on  profit/equity  before tax  %  ($ in millions)  2022  EUR  +10  0.1  GBP  +10  (4.1)  2021  EUR  +10  0.6  GBP  +10  (5.6)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effect of decreases in exchange rates are expected to be equal and opposite to the effects of the increases shown.

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other party to incur a financial loss. We are exposed to credit risk primarily from unpaid insurance receivables and fixed income instruments. We have in place credit appraisal policies and procedures for inward business, and receivables from insurance transactions are monitored on an ongoing basis to restrict our exposure to doubtful debts.

We have in place security standards applicable to all reinsurance purchases and monitors the financial status of all reinsurance debtors at regular intervals.

Our portfolio of fixed income investments is managed by our investments team in accordance with the investment policy established by our board of directors which has various credit standards for investment in fixed income securities. Reinsurance and fixed income investments are monitored for the occurrence of a downgrade or other changes that might cause them to fall below our security standards. If this occurs, management takes appropriate action to mitigate any loss to us.

Our bank balances are maintained with a range of international and local banks in accordance with limits set by our board of directors. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Company.

The table below provides information regarding our credit risk exposure by classifying assets according to the credit rating of our counterparties:

| Investment  grade  Non-  investment  grade  (satisfactory)  In course of  collection  Total  ($) in millions  2022  FVOCI - debts securities  $  486.6  $  2.5  -  $  489.1  Financial Assets at amortized cost  -  2.0  -  2.0  Insurance receivables  -  116.3  68.5  184.8  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  188.4  0.4  -  188.8  Deferred excess of loss premiums  -  19.7  -  19.7  Cash and cash equivalents  99.5  38.4  -  137.9  Term deposits  263.4  33.6  -  297.0  Total  $  1,037.9  $  212.9  $  68.5  $  1,319.3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Investment  grade  Non-  investment  grade  (satisfactory)  In course of  collection  Total  ($) in millions  2021  FVOCI - debts securities  $  418.2  $  0.2  -  $  418.4  Financial Assets at amortized cost  -  2.0  0.5  2.5  Insurance receivables  -  113.3  66.1  179.4  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  181.4  0.9  -  182.3  Deferred excess of loss premiums  -  17.2  -  17.2  Cash and cash equivalents  220.1  22.0  -  242.1  Term deposits  130.9  49.1  -  180.0  Total  $  950.6  $  204.7  $  66.6  $  1,221.9   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market price risk

Market price risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual security, or its issuer, or factors affecting all securities traded in the market. Our equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices.

The following  tables  demonstrate  the  sensitivity  of  our  profit  for  the years  ended  December 31,  2022  and  December 31,  2021  the  cumulative changes in fair value to reasonably possible changes in equity prices, with all other variables held constant. The effect of decreases in equity prices is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the increases shown:

| Change  in equity  price  Effect on  profit before  tax for  the year  Effect on  equity  %  ($) in thousands  2022  Amman Stock Exchange  5%  $  40  $  40  Saudi Stock Exchange  5%  -  389  Qatar Stock Exchange  5%  46  46  Abu Dhabi Security Exchange  5%  70  70  New York Stock Exchange  5%  131  166  Kuwait Stock Exchange  5%  -  7  London Stock Exchange  5%  322  367  Other quoted  5%  52  118   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Change  in equity  price  Effect on  profit before  tax for  the year  Effect on  equity  %  ($) in thousands  2021  Amman Stock Exchange  5% $  40  $  40  Saudi Stock Exchange  5%  -  511  Qatar Stock Exchange  5%  23  23  Abu Dhabi Security Exchange  5%  76  76  New York Stock Exchange  5%  175  175  Kuwait Stock Exchange  5%  -  9  London Stock Exchange  5%  330  382  Other quoted  5%  782  871   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that we will not be able to meet our commitments associated with insurance contracts and financial liabilities as they fall due.  We  continually  monitor  our  cash  and  investments  to  ensure  that  we  meet  our  liquidity  requirements.  Our  asset  allocation  is  designed  to  enable insurance liabilities to be met with current assets. All liabilities are non-interest-bearing liabilities.

The  tables  below  summarize  the  maturity  profile  of  IGI's  financial  liabilities  as  of  December 31,  2022  and  December 31,  2021  based  on contractual undiscounted payments (in U.S. dollars):

| Less than  one year  More than  one year  Total  ($) in millions  2022  Gross outstanding claims  $  268.4  $  366.2  $  634.6  Gross unearned premiums  268.0  86.0  354.0  Insurance payables  81.8  5.0  86.8  Other liabilities  27.1  2.2  29.3  Derivative financial liability  -  10.0  10.0  Unearned commissions  15.9  0.9  16.8  Total liabilities  $  661.2  $  470.3  $  1,131.5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Less than  one year  More than  one year  Total  ($) in millions  2021  Gross outstanding claims  $  210.7  $  365.2  $  575.9  Gross unearned premiums  251.7  77.1  328.8  Insurance payables  84.5  5.0  89.5  Other liabilities  26.3  3.1  29.4  Derivative financial liability  -  12.9  12.9  Unearned commissions  12.3  1.4  13.7  Total liabilities  $  585.5  $  464.7  $  1,050.2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

None.

## ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None, except as described elsewhere in this annual report or in the information incorporated by reference herein.

The Company filed a registration statement on Form F-3 with the SEC on April 2, 2021, and it was declared effective on November 3, 2021 (File No.  No. 333-254986).  The  registration  statement  relates  to,  among  other  things,  the  issuance  of  up  to  17,250,000  of  our  common  shares,  including (i) 12,750,000  common  shares  issuable  upon  the  exercise  of  our  public  warrants  issued  in  exchange  for  12,750,000  public  warrants  of  Tiberius,  and, (ii) 4,500,000 common shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants issued in exchange for 4,500,000 Tiberius private warrants.

The Company will receive up to an aggregate of approximately $198,375,000 from the exercise of warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all the warrants for cash. If the warrants are exercised pursuant to a cashless exercise feature, the Company will not receive any cash from these exercises. We expect to use the net proceeds from the exercise of the warrants, if any, for general corporate purposes. Our management will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from the exercise of the warrants.

## ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## A. Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 20-F. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level in ensuring that:

- information  required  to  be  disclosed  by  the  Company  in  reports  that  it  files  or  submits  under  the  Exchange Act  is  accumulated  and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and
- such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms.

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed  and  operated,  can  provide  only  reasonable  assurance  of  achieving  the  desired  control  objective,  and  management  is  required  to  apply  its judgement in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures.

## B. Management's Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.

Due to  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  not  intended  to  provide  absolute  assurance  that  a  misstatement  of  our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is  subject  to  lapses  in  judgment  and  breakdowns  resulting  from  human  failures.  Internal  control  over  financial  reporting  also  can  be  circumvented  by collusion or improper override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Based  on  this  assessment,  management  has  concluded  that  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  effective  as  at December 31, 2022.

## C. Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm

We are exempt from the requirement of an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm while we are an emerging growth company under the rules of the SEC.

## D. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

None.

## ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

Our board of directors has determined that Wanda Mwaura, the chair of the audit committee of our board of directors, is an 'audit committee financial expert' as defined by Item 16A of Form 20-F. All members of the audit committee are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing requirements and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.

## ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS

The  Company  has  adopted  a  Financial  Code  of  Ethics  applicable  to  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Senior  Vice President - Finance, Controller and certain other officers performing similar functions. A copy of our Financial Code of Ethics may be obtained, without charge, by sending a request to International General Insurance Holdings Ltd., 74 Abdel Hamid Sharaf Street, P.O. Box 941428, Amman 11194, Jordan, attention: Chief Legal Officer; or by email to: Rawan.Alsulaiman@iginsure.com, attention: Chief Legal Officer. Any amendment to this Financial Code may be made only by the Company's board of directors. If an amendment to this Financial Code is made, appropriate disclosure will be made in a Current Report on Form 6-K, by posting on the Company's website or by other electronic means, or at the latest, in the annual report on Form 20-F to the extent required by the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements of Nasdaq.

## ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table represents aggregate fees billed to us for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst &amp; Young LLP (London, United Kingdom, Auditor Firm ID: 1438), for the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

| For the Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  ($) in thousands  Audit Fees  $  1,639  $  1,527  Tax Fees  5  5  All Other Fees  69  69  Total  $  1,713  $  1,601   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Audit Fees

Audit Fees consisted of fees for the audit of the consolidated financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC, in addition to the audit fees of the Group's subsidiaries.

## Tax Fees

Tax Fees for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 relate to corporate tax compliance services for two of the Group's subsidiaries.

## All Other Fees

All  Other  Fees  relate  to  permitted  advisory  services,  which  relate  to  review  of  loss  reserves  engagement  and  statutory  returns  for  two  of  the Group's subsidiaries.

## Audit Committee Pre-Approval

Our audit committee pre-approves auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our independent auditor, including the  fees  and  terms  thereof  (subject  to  certain  de  minimis  exceptions  provided  by  law  or  regulation).  There  were  no  services  approved  by  the  audit committee pursuant to paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.

Each of the services described in this Item 16C was approved by the audit committee. There were no hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to audit the Company's financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent employees.

## ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

We do not rely on any exemptions from the independence standards for our audit committee.

## ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

## Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

| Period  Total Number  of Shares  Purchased  Average Price  Paid Per  Share  Total Number  of Shares  Purchased as  Part of  Publicly  Announced  Plans or  Programs  Maximum  Number (or  Approximate  Dollar Value)  of Shares  That May Yet  be Purchased  Under the  Plans or  Programs  January 2022  -  -  -  -  February 2022  -  -  -  -  March 2022  -  -  -  -  April 2022  -  -  -  -  May 2022  -  -  -  5,000,000  June 2022  15,665  7.45  15,665  4,984,335  July 2022  12,347  7.51  28,012  4,971,988  August 2022  28,302  7.71  56,314  4,943,686  September 2022  91,504  7.60  147,818  4,852,182  October 2022  49,655  7.56  197,473  4,802,527  November 2022  51,793  7.69  249,266  4,750,734  December 2022  61,276  7.83  310,542  4,689,458   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT'S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are a 'foreign private issuer' under applicable U.S. federal securities laws. As a result, we are permitted to follow certain corporate governance rules that conform to Bermuda requirements in lieu of certain Nasdaq corporate governance rules. We will certify to Nasdaq that our corporate governance practices are in compliance with, and are not prohibited by, the laws of Bermuda. The corporate governance practices that we follow in lieu of Nasdaq's corporate governance rules are as follows:

- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(e)(1), which requires the director nomination process to be determined by a majority of the  independent  directors  or  a  nominations  committee  comprised  solely  of  independent  directors,  our  nominating/governance  committee (which is responsible for director  nominations)  consists of  a  majority  of  independent  directors but  does  not  consist  solely  of  independent directors.
- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(d)(2), which requires a compensation committee comprised of at least two members, each of whom must be an independent director as defined under Rule 5605(a)(2), our compensation committee consists of three members, two of which are independent, comprising a majority of independent directors, but it does not consist solely of independent directors. Given the size of  the  Company,  we  believe  that  the  committee  as  currently  composed  is  well  situated  and  has  access  to  the  best  information  to  make compensation decisions for the Company.
- In lieu of the requirement to comply with Rule 5605(b)(2), which requires regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present ('executive sessions'), we do not intend to have regularly scheduled executive sessions.

We intend to voluntarily comply with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, including having a majority of independent directors and establishing  compensation  and  nominating/governance  committees  of  the  board  of  directors,  but  we  are  not  required  to  do  so  pursuant  to  Bermuda requirements and may cease doing so at any time as long as we maintain our status as a 'foreign private issuer.'

## ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

## ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

See Item 18.

## ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements of the Company are included in this annual report. Our financial statements are on pages F-1 to F-75.

## ITEM 19. EXHIBITS

## PART III

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit No.  Description  1.1  Memorandum of Association  of  the  Company  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.1  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form F-4 (File No. 333-235427) filed with the SEC on December 9, 2019).  1.2  Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company's shell company report on  Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  2.1  Specimen Common Share Certificate of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Registration Statement  on Form F-4 (File No. 333-235427) filed with the SEC on February 10, 2020).  2.2  Specimen Warrant Certificate  of  the  Company  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.5  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form F-4 (File No. 333-235427) filed with the SEC on February 10, 2020).  2.3  Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018, between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and Tiberius (incorporated herein  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on March 21, 2018).  2.4  Amendment to Warrant Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2020, between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Company  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC  on March 23, 2020).  2.5  Description  of  Securities  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2.5  filed  with  the  Company's  Annual  Report  filed  on  Form 20-F  (File  No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2021).  4.1†  Business Combination Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, by and among Tiberius Acquisition Corporation, Lagniappe Ventures  LLC in the capacity as the Purchaser Representative thereunder, International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. and Wasef Jabsheh in the  capacity  as  the  Seller  Representative  thereunder,  and  the  Company  and  Merger  Sub  pursuant  to  a  joinder  thereto  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.2  First Amendment to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the  Company's Registration Statement on Form F-4 (File No. 333-235427) filed with the SEC on February 18, 2020).  4.3  Letter Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2018, by and between Tiberius, its officers, directors and Lagniappe Ventures LLC (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on March 21, 2018).  4.4  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March 15,  2018,  among  Tiberius,  Lagniappe  Ventures  LLC  and  the  other  parties  thereto  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on March 21,  2018).  4.5  Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2015, between Tiberius and Lagniappe Ventures LLC (incorporated herein  by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Tiberius's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-223098) filed with the SEC on February 20,  2018).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 4.6  Amended  and  Restated  Sponsor  Warrant  Purchase  Agreement,  by  and  between  Tiberius  and  Lagniappe  Ventures  LLC,  dated  as  of  February 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Tiberius's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-2230987)  filed with the SEC on February 20, 2018).  4.7  Form of Share Exchange Agreement by and among IGI Dubai, Tiberius, the shareholder of IGI Dubai party thereto as a Seller, Wasef  Jabsheh in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and the Company pursuant to a joinder thereto (incorporated by reference  to Exhibit 10.1 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.8  Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, by and among IGI Dubai, Tiberius, Wasef Jabsheh as a Seller thereunder,  Wasef Jabsheh in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and the Company pursuant to a joinder thereto (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.9  Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, by and among IGI Dubai, Tiberius, Argo Re Limited as a Seller thereunder,  Wasef Jabsheh in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and the Company pursuant to a joinder thereto (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.10  Share  Exchange  Agreement,  dated  as  of  October 10,  2019,  by  and  among  IGI  Dubai,  Tiberius,  Oman  International  Development &amp;  Investment  Company  SAOG  as  a  Seller  thereunder,  Wasef  Jabsheh  in  the  capacity  as  the  Seller  Representative  thereunder,  and  the  Company pursuant to a joinder thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-  38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.11  Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, by Wasef Jabsheh in favor of and for the benefit of Tiberius, IGI Dubai,  pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company, and each of their respective present and future affiliates, successors and direct and indirect  subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on  October 17, 2019).  4.12  Letter Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, by and among Lagniappe Ventures LLC, Tiberius, IGI Dubai, Wasef Jabsheh, Argo Re  Limited and, pursuant to a joinder thereto, the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Tiberius's current report Form 8-K  (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.13  Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 17, 2020, by and among the Company, Lagniappe Ventures LLC in the capacity as the  Purchaser  Representative,  and  the  Sellers  party  thereto  as  'Investors'  thereunder  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.13  to  the  Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.14  Forward Purchase Contract, dated as of November 9, 2017, between the Registrant and Church Mutual Insurance Company (incorporated  by reference  to  Exhibit  10.9  to  Tiberius's  Registration  Statement  on  Form S-1  (File No. 333-223098)  filed  with  the  SEC  on  March 7,  2018).  4.15  Forward Purchase Contract dated November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and Fayez Sarofim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.10 to Tiberius's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-223098) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2018).  4.16  Forward Purchase Contract, dated as of January 19, 2018, between the Registrant and Imua T Capital Investments, LLC (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Tiberius's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-223098) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2018).  4.17  Forward Purchase Contract, dated as of January 11, 2018, between the Registrant and Peter Wade (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.12 to Tiberius's Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-223098) filed with the SEC on March 7, 2018).  4.18  Amendment, dated as of March 17, 2020, to Registration Rights Agreement by and among Tiberius, the Company, Lagniappe Ventures  LLC  and  the  other  'Holders'  party  thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.18  to  the  Company's  shell  company  report  on  Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.19  Form of  Subscription  Agreement,  dated  as  of  October 10,  2019,  between  Tiberius  and  the  subscriber  named  therein  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with the SEC on October 17, 2019).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 4.20  Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2019, between Tiberius and each of Michael Gray, Andrew Poole and the Gray  Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Tiberius's current report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-38422) filed with  the SEC on October 17, 2019).  4.21  Letter  Agreement,  dated  as  of  February 12,  2020,  among  Tiberius,  the  Sponsor,  the  Company  and  IGI  Dubai  (incorporated  herein  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.28  to  the  Company's  Registration  Statement  on  Form F-4  (File  No. 333-235427)  filed  with  the  SEC  on  February 18, 2020).  4.22  Share  Transfer  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March 16,  2020,  among  Lagniappe  Ventures,  LLC,  Wasef  Jabsheh,  and  International  General  Insurance Holdings Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-  39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.23  2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of the Company reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File  No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.24  Form of Restricted Shares Agreement Pursuant to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the  Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.25  Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement Pursuant to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the  Company's shell company report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.26  Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's shell company report on Form 20-F  (File No. 001-39255) filed with the SEC on March 23, 2020).  4.27  Form  of  Employment  Agreement  of  the  Registrant's  senior  executive  officers  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.31  to  the  Company's Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-237674) filed with the SEC on April 14, 2020).  8.1*  List of Subsidiaries of the Company.  12.1*  Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  12.2*  Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  13.1*  Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350.  13.2*  Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350.  15.1*  Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP.  15.2*  Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP.  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document.  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Filed herewith

† Schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to the Instructions as to Exhibits of Form 20-F. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedules to the SEC upon request

## SIGNATURES

The  registrant  hereby  certifies  that  it  meets  all  of  the  requirements  for  filing  on  Form 20-F and  that  it  has  duly  caused  and  authorized  the undersigned to sign this report on its behalf.

April 6, 2023

## INTERNATIONAL GENERAL INSURANCE HOLDINGS LTD.

| By: /s/ Wasef Jabsheh  Name: Wasef Jabsheh  Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Page  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  F-2  Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-3  Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-4  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-5  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-6  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  F-7  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  F-8   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three  years  in  the  period  ended  December 31,  2022,  and  the  related  notes  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'consolidated  financial  statements').  In  our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

## Basis for Opinion

These  financial  statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  Company's  management.  Our  responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to  have,  nor  were  we  engaged  to  perform,  an  audit  of  its  internal  control  over  financial  reporting.  As  part  of  our  audits  we  are  required  to  obtain  an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made by management,  as well  as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019.

London, United Kingdom April 6, 2023

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## At 31 December 2022 and 2021

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  Notes  USD '000  USD '000  ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  3 (a)  137,943  242,146  Term deposits  3 (b)  297,026  179,966  Insurance receivables  4  184,847  179,345  Investments  5  534,722  470,222  Investments in associates  6  6,049  5,693  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  7  188,823  182,248  Reinsurance share of unearned premiums  8  70,519  64,124  Deferred excess of loss premiums  9  19,671  17,238  Deferred policy acquisition costs  10  69,392  64,842  Deferred tax assets  28  5,656  471  Other assets  11  14,325  9,942  Investment properties  12  15,119  16,308  Property, premises and equipment  13  13,448  14,859  Intangible assets  14  3,556  4,321  TOTAL ASSETS  1,561,096  1,451,725  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  LIABILITIES  Gross outstanding claims  7  634,570  575,899  Gross unearned premiums  8  354,032  328,726  Insurance payables  15  86,812  89,519  Other liabilities  16  29,096  29,039  Derivative financial liability  17  10,005  12,938  Deferred tax liabilities  28  -  14  Unearned commissions  18  16,808  13,725  TOTAL LIABILITIES  1,131,323  1,049,860  EQUITY  Common shares at par value  19  490  489  Share premium  159,918  159,545  Treasury shares  20  (14)  -  Foreign currency translation reserve  19  1,083  992  Fair value reserve  19  (38,979)  8,215  Retained earnings  307,275  232,624  TOTAL EQUITY  429,773  401,865  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  1,561,096  1,451,725   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 5 April 2023.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  31 December  2020  Notes  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Gross written premiums  8  581,847  545,582  467,273  Reinsurers' share of insurance premiums  8  (186,483)  (162,973)  (128,863)  Net written premiums  8  395,364  382,609  338,410  Change in unearned premiums  (25,306)  (51,458)  (71,054)  Reinsurers' share of change in unearned premiums  6,395  14,047  16,160  Net change in unearned premiums  (18,911)  (37,411)  (54,894)  Net premiums earned  8  376,453  345,198  283,516  Claims and claim adjustment expenses  7  (235,279)  (203,366)  (213,963)  Reinsurers' share of claims  7  77,579  27,174  62,291  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (157,700)  (176,192)  (151,672)  Commissions earned  18  33,515  23,035  16,053  Policy acquisition costs  10  (103,760)  (86,201)  (70,543)  Net policy acquisition expenses  (70,245)  (63,166)  (54,490)  Net underwriting results  148,508  105,840  77,354  General and administrative expenses  22  (67,453)  (58,946)  (46,923)  Net investment income  23  16,364  16,034  9,967  Share of profit (loss) from associates  6  209  (7,248)  (1,479)  Impairment loss on insurance receivables  4  (3,154)  (5,181)  (2,861)  Other revenues  24  2,286  1,844  372  Other expenses  24  (2,828)  (2,693)  (1,892)  Listing related expenses  25  -  -  (3,366)  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  17  2,933  690  (4,418)  (Loss) gain on foreign exchange  (9,138)  (4,897)  2,572  Profit before tax  87,727  45,443  29,326  Income tax  28  (2,262)  (1,747)  (2,075)  Profit for the year  85,465  43,696  27,251  Earnings per share  Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to equity holders (US Dollars)  30  1.74  0.89  0.59   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  31 December  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Profit for the year  85,465  43,696  27,251  Other comprehensive income (loss) to be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods  Net change in fair value reserve during the year for bonds at fair value through other  comprehensive income, net of tax  (45,135)  (9,240)  11,481  Currency translation differences  91  1,341  (16)  Changes in allowance for expected credit losses transferred to statement of income  (138)  114  135  Other comprehensive income (loss) which will not be reclassified to profit or loss in  subsequent periods  Net change in fair value reserve during the year for equities at fair value through other  comprehensive income  (1,940)  (819)  (71)  Realized gain on sale of equities at fair value through other comprehensive income  19  -  2,341  Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year  (47,103)  (8,604)  13,870  Total comprehensive income for the year  38,362  35,092  41,121   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020

| 31 December  2022  31 December  2021  31 December  2020  Notes  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before tax  87,727  45,443  29,326  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortization  13,14  3,670  3,563  2,612  Impairment loss on insurance receivables  4  3,154  5,181  2,861  Impairment of goodwill  22  -  41  -  (Gain) loss on disposal of property, premises and equipment  24  (26)  60  -  Realized loss (gain) on sale of financial assets at FVTPL  23  86  (396)  (1,599)  Fair value loss on investment properties  23  574  1,300  2,007  Realized loss on sale of investment properties  23  107  8  213  Loss (gain) on revaluation of financial assets at FVTPL  23  2,950  (3,089)  241  Loss on sale of bonds at fair value through OCI  23  619  88  411  Expected credit loss on financial assets  23  28  180  264  Share of (profit) loss from associates  6  (209)  7,248  1,479  Lease interest expense  16  132  358  203  Interest income  23  (20,381)  (14,049)  (12,169)  Share-based payment expense  32  2,754  1,871  450  Change in fair value of derivative financial liability  17  (2,933)  (690)  4,418  Net foreign exchange differences  9,138  4,897  (2,572)  Cash from operations before working capital changes  87,390  52,014  28,145  Working capital adjustments  Term deposits  (117,060)  (7,754)  (52,459)  Insurance receivables  (8,698)  (20,005)  (55,870)  Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL  (1,607)  (6,470)  (9,400)  Purchase of bonds through OCI  (189,256)  (159,041)  (237,528)  Proceeds from maturity of financial assets at amortized cost  312  169  133  Proceeds from sale/maturity of bonds at fair value through OCI  61,521  116,963  71,050  Proceeds from sale of financial assets at FVTPL  833  5,727  10,073  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  (6,575)  5,237  (11,273)  Reinsurance share of unearned premiums  (6,395)  (14,047)  (16,160)  Deferred excess of loss premiums  (2,433)  (143)  (1,922)  Deferred policy acquisition costs  (4,550)  (9,670)  (13,459)  Other assets  (3,004)  1,150  (175)  Interest received  21,195  15,043  10,536  Additions to investment property  (10)  (36)  (74)  Proceeds from sale of investment property  518  1,120  3,526  Gross outstanding claims  58,671  83,644  79,202  Gross unearned premiums  25,306  51,458  71,054  Insurance payables  (2,707)  6,058  29,917  Other liabilities  876  8,013  3,447  Unearned commissions  3,083  2,687  2,128  Net cash flows (used in) from operating activities before tax  (82,590)  132,117  (89,109)  Income tax paid  (2,760)  (2,328)  (1,465)  Net cash flows (used in) from operating activities after tax  (85,350)  129,789  (90,574)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchases of property, premises and equipment  (749)  (1,486)  (344)  Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment  26  -  -  Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired  34  -  (146)  -  Purchases of intangible assets  (517)  (859)  (1,561)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (1,240)  (2,491)  (1,905)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Cash injection in connection with Business Combination  33  -  -  120,821  Consideration paid to shareholders as deemed settlement for shares  33  -  -  (80,000)  Dividends paid  21  (10,814)  (16,109)  (4,360)  Treasury shares  20  (2,394)  -  -  Lease liabilities payments  16  (1,041)  (783)  (796)  Net cash flows (used in) from financing activities  (14,249)  (16,892)  35,665  NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (100,839)  110,406  (56,814)  Net foreign exchange differences  (3,364)  (1,699)  (2,207)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  242,146  133,439  192,460  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR  3  137,943  242,146  133,439   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020

| Issued  share  capital  Common  shares at  par value  Additional  paid in  capital  Share  premium  Treasury  shares  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Fair  value  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  USD ,000  As at 31 December 2019  143,376  -  2,773  -  (20,103)  (333)  4,274  182,156  312,143  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  27,251  27,251  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  (16)  13,886  -  13,870  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  (16)  13,886  27,251  41,121  Issuance of shares in connection with Business  Combination (see note 19 and 33) - at par value  of USD 0.01  -  485  -  -  -  -  -  -  485  Deemed distribution to shareholders in connection  with Business Combination (see note 33)  -  -  -  (80,000)  -  -  -  -  (80,000)  Business Combination elimination adjustments  (see note 33)  (143,376)  -  (2,773)  237,228  20,103  -  -  (10)  111,172  Issuance of Restricted Shares Awards (see note 32)  -  1  -  449  -  -  -  -  450  Cash dividends (see note 21)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (4,360)  (4,360)  As at 31 December 2020  -  486  -  157,677  -  (349 )  18,160  205,037  381,011  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  43,696  43,696  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  1,341  (9,945)  -  (8,604)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  1,341  (9,945)  43,696  35,092  Issuance of Restricted Shares Awards (see note 32)  -  3  -  1,868  -  -  -  -  1,871  Cash dividends (see note 21)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (16,109)  (16,109)  As at 31 December 2021  -  489  -  159,545  -  992  8,215  232,624  401,865  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  85,465  85,465  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  91  (47,194)  -  (47,103)  Total comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  91  (47,194)  85,465  38,362  Issuance of Restricted Shares Awards (see note 32)  -  4  -  2,750  -  -  -  -  2,754  Purchase of treasury shares (see note 20)  -  -  -  -  (2,394)  -  -  -  (2,394)  Cancellation of treasury shares (see note 20)  -  (3)  -  (2,377)  2,380  -  -  -  -  Cash dividends (see note 21)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (10,814)  (10,814)  As at 31 December 2022  -  490  -  159,918  (14 )  1,083  (38,979 )  307,275  429,773   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. ('the Company') is an exempted limited liability company registered and incorporated in Bermuda under the Companies Act of 1981 on 28 October 2019. The principal activities of the Company are to invest in companies engaged in the business of insurance and reinsurance. The Company's registered office is at Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton, HM11, Bermuda.

On 17 March 2020, the definitive business agreement between International General Insurance Holdings Limited - Dubai ('IGI') and Tiberius Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: TIBR) ('Tiberius'), a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company, and certain related parties, was effective. As a result of the completion of the Business Combination, the Company became a new public company listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol 'IGIC'  and  owned  by  the  former  stockholders  of  Tiberius  and  the  former  shareholders  of  IGI  and  each  of  IGI  and  Tiberius  became  the  Company's subsidiaries.

The transaction was accounted for as a continuation of IGI. Under this method of accounting, while the Company was the legal acquirer of both IGI and Tiberius, IGI had been identified as the accounting acquirer of Tiberius for accounting purposes. This determination was primarily based on IGI comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company, IGI's senior management comprising the senior management of the combined company, and the former owners and management of IGI having control of the board of directors of the Company following the consummation of the transaction by virtue of being able to appoint a majority of the directors of the combined company.

As Tiberius did not meet the definition of a business as defined in IFRS 3 - Business Combinations ('IFRS 3'), the purchase of the shares of the former owners of Tiberius was not within the scope of IFRS 3 and was accounted for as a share-based payment transaction in accordance with IFRS 2 Share-based payments ('IFRS 2'). Hence, the transaction was accounted for as the continuance of IGI with recognition of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed of Tiberius at fair value. Operations prior to the transaction were those of IGI from an accounting point of view (see note 33).

The Company and its subsidiaries (together 'the Group') operate in the Bermuda, United Kingdom, Jordan, Morocco, Malaysia, Malta, United Arab Emirates and the Cayman Islands.

The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors on 5 April 2023.

## 2. BASIS OF PREPARATION

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).

The consolidated financial statements have been presented in United States Dollars 'USD' which is also the Group's functional currency. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (USD '000), except when otherwise indicated.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis  under  the  historical  cost  convention  modified  to  include  the measurement at fair value  of  financial  assets  and  investment  properties  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income and derivative financial liability. Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss include quoted funds, alternative investments and quoted equities. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income include quoted and unquoted equities.

## Basis of consolidation

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  period  and  amended  where  required  to  be  compliant  with  the  Group's accounting policies.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. and its subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee if and only if the Group has:

- Power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee)
- Exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee, and
- The ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns
- When  the  Group  has  less  than  a  majority  of  the  voting  or  similar  rights  of  an  investee,  the  Group  considers  all  relevant  facts  and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:
- The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee
- Rights arising from other contractual arrangements
- The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date the Group gains control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

All intercompany transactions, balances and unrealized gains and losses on transactions between Group companies are eliminated in full.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The Group has the following subsidiaries and branches:

| Country of  incorporation  Activity  Ownership  2022  2021  International General Insurance Holdings Limited  United Arab  Emirates  Reinsurance and  insurance  100%  100%  Tiberius Acquisition Corporation*  United States of  America  Special purpose  acquisition  company  100%  100%  The following entities are wholly owned by the subsidiary International General Insurance Holdings Limited:  I.G.I Underwriting /Jordan 'Exempted'  Jordan  Underwriting  agency  100%  100%  North Star Underwriting Limited  United Kingdom  Underwriting  agency  100%  100%  International General Insurance Co. Ltd.  Bermuda  Reinsurance and  insurance  100%  100%  The following entities are wholly owned subsidiaries and branches by International General Insurance Co. Ltd.:  Subsidiaries:  International General Insurance Company (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Reinsurance and  insurance  100%  100%  International General Insurance Company (Dubai) Ltd.  United Arab  Emirates  Insurance  intermediation and  insurance  management  100%  100%  International General Insurance Company (Europe) SE  Malta  Reinsurance and  insurance  100%  100%  Specialty Malls Investment Company  Jordan  Real estate  properties  development and  lease  100%  100%  IGI Services Ltd  Cayman Islands  Owning and  chartering aircraft  100%  100%  Branches:  International General Insurance Company Ltd. - Labuan  Branch  Malaysia  Reinsurance and  insurance  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The dissolution of Tiberius Acquisition Corporation has been duly authorised by the board of directors and shareholder in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware on 28 December 2022. The dissolution became effective on 4 January 2023.

## Changes in accounting policies

The accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are consistent with those used in the preparation of the annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.

There are no new standards or amendments effective in 2022 that have a material impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements.

## Standards issued but not yet effective

## IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts

IFRS 17 provides a comprehensive model for insurance contracts covering the recognition and measurement and presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts and replaces IFRS 4 - Insurance Contracts. The standard applies to all types of insurance contracts (i.e. life, non-life, direct insurance and re-insurance), regardless of the type of entities that issue them, as well as to certain guarantees and financial instruments with discretionary participation features. The standard general model is supplemented by the variable fee approach and the premium allocation approach.

The new standard will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 with comparative figures required. Early application is permitted provided that the entity also applies IFRS 9 on or before the date it first applies IFRS 17.

The Group will be voluntarily changing its basis of accounting from IFRS to the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America ('U.S.  GAAP') and will  present  its  consolidated  financial  statements  in  U.S.  GAAP  effective  January  1,  2023  (the  'first  reporting  period'). Accordingly, the Group has evaluated the potential transitional impact of such change and its first application of U.S. GAAP. As a result, the Group has discontinued the process of implementing IFRS 17.

## Summary of significant accounting policies

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, bank balances, and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less.

## Term deposits

The term deposits are interest bearing bank deposits with original maturity over 3 months.

## Insurance receivables

Insurance receivables are recognized when due and are measured on initial recognition at the fair value of the consideration to be received. The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate expected credit losses for insurance receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due and not based on groupings of various policy holder's segments that have similar default loss-patterns.

## Financial assets

## (a) Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, at cost and subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL).

The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset's contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them.

Financial  instruments  are  initially  recognized  on  the  trade  date  measured  at  their  fair  value.  Except  for  financial  assets  recorded  at  FVTPL, transaction costs are added to this amount.

The  Group  classifies  all  of  its  financial  assets  based  on  the  business  model  for  managing  the  assets  and  the  asset's  contractual  terms.  The categories include the following:

- Amortized cost
- FVOCI
- FVTPL

## (i) Bonds and debt instruments measured at amortized cost

Bonds and debt instruments are held at amortized cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- The instruments are held within a business model with the objective of holding the instrument to collect the contractual cash flows.
- The contractual terms of the debt instrument give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal amount outstanding.

The details of these conditions are outlined below.

## Business model assessment

The Group determines its business model at the level that best reflects how it manages groups of financial assets to achieve its business objective.

The  Group  holds  financial  assets  to  generate  returns  and  provide  a  capital  base  to  provide  for  settlement  of  claims  as  they  arise.  The  Group considers the timing, amount and volatility of cash flow requirements to support insurance liability portfolios in determining the business model for the assets as well as the potential to maximize return for shareholders and future business development.

The Group business model is not assessed on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but at a higher level of aggregated portfolios that is based on observable factors such as:

- How the performance of the business model and the financial assets held within that business model are evaluated and reported to the Group's key management personnel.
- The risks that affect the performance of the business model (and the financial assets held within that business model) and, in particular, the way those risks are managed.
- How managers of the business are compensated (for example, whether the compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or on the contractual cash flows collected).
- The expected frequency, value and timing of asset sales are also important aspects of the Group's assessment.

The business model assessment is based on reasonably expected scenarios without taking 'worst case' or 'stress case' scenarios into account. If cash flows after initial recognition are realized in a way that is different from the Group original expectations, the Group does not change the classification of  the  remaining  financial  assets  held  in  that  business  model  but  incorporates  such  information  when  assessing  newly  originated  or  newly  purchased financial assets going forward.

## The SPPI test

As a second step of its classification process the Group assesses the contractual terms to identify whether they meet the SPPI test.

'Principal' for the purpose of this test is defined as the fair value of the financial asset at initial recognition and may change over the life of the financial asset (for example, if there are repayments of principal or amortization of the premium/discount).

The most significant elements of interest within a debt arrangement are typically the consideration for the time value of money and credit risk. To make the SPPI assessment, the Group applies judgement and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the financial asset is denominated, and the period for which the interest rate is set.

## Bonds and debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

The Group applies this category under IFRS 9 for debt instruments measured at FVOCI when both of the following conditions are met:

- The instrument is held within a business model, the objective of which is both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.
- The contractual terms of the financial asset meet the SPPI test.

Bonds and debt instruments in this category are those that are intended to be held to collect contractual cash flows and which may be sold in response to needs for liquidity or in response to changes in market conditions.

## (ii) Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss (Quoted funds, alternative investments and quoted equities)

Financial assets in this category are those assets which have been either designated by management upon initial recognition or are mandatorily required to be measured at fair value under IFRS 9. Management designates an instrument as FVTPL that otherwise meet the requirements to be measured at  amortized cost or at FVOCI only if it eliminates, or significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. Financial assets with contractual cash flows not representing solely payment of principal and interest are mandatorily required to be measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets at FVTPL are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized in the consolidated statement of income. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method.

Dividend  income  from  equity  investments  measured  at  FVTPL  is  recognized  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  income  when  the  right  to  the payment has been established.

## (iii) Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (Quoted and unquoted equities)

Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity instruments designated at fair value through OCI when they  meet  the  definition  of  equity  under  IAS  32  ' Financial  Instruments:  Presentation ',  and  are  not  held  for  trading.  The  classification  is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

Equity investments classified as financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are those, which are not classified as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

## (iv) Reclassification of financial assets and liabilities

The Group does not reclassify its financial assets subsequent to their initial recognition, apart from the exceptional circumstances in which the Group terminates a business line or changes its business model for managing financial assets. A change in Group business model will occur only when Group management determines change as a result of external or internal changes which are significant to the Group operations. Reclassifications shall all be recorded prospectively from the reclassification date.

## (b) Subsequent measurement

For purposes of subsequent measurement, financial assets in the scope of IFRS 9 are classified in four categories:

- Financial assets at amortized cost (bonds, debt instruments)
- Financial assets at fair value through OCI with recycling of cumulative gains and losses (bonds and debt instruments)
- Financial  assets  designated  at  fair  value  through  OCI  with  no  recycling  of  cumulative  gains  and  losses  upon  derecognition  (equity instruments)
- Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

## (i) Financial assets at amortized cost (bonds, debt instruments)

Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest (EIR) method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income when the asset is derecognized, modified, or impaired.

The Group's debt instruments at amortized cost includes investments in unquoted debt instruments.

## (ii) Financial assets at fair value through OCI (debt instruments)

For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the  consolidated  statement  of  income  and  computed  in  the  same  manner  as  for  financial  assets  measured  at  amortized  cost.  The  remaining  fair  value changes  are  recognized  in  OCI.  Upon  derecognition,  the  cumulative  fair  value  change  recognized  in  OCI  is  recycled  to  the  consolidated  statement  of income.

The Group's debt instruments at fair value through OCI includes investments in quoted debt instruments.

## (iii) Financial assets designated at fair value through OCI (equity instruments)

Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the consolidated statement of income. Dividends are recognized as investment income in the consolidated statement of income when the right of payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in OCI. Equity instruments designated at fair value through OCI are not subject to impairment assessment.

The Group elected to classify irrevocably its unquoted equity investments and some quoted equity investments under this category.

## (iv) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets with cash flows that are not solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be classified at amortized cost or at fair value through OCI, as described above, debt instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing so eliminates, or significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

This  category  includes  quoted  funds,  alternative  investments  and  quoted  equity  investments  which  the  Group  had  not  irrevocably  elected  to classify at fair value through OCI.

Dividends on quoted equity investments are also recognized as investment income in the consolidated statement of income when the right of payment has been established.

## (c) Derecognition

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired, or
- The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## (d) Impairment of financial assets in scope of IFRS 9

The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms, if any.

ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for  which  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  a  loss  allowance  is  required  for  credit  losses  expected  over  the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For debt instruments at fair value through OCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification. At every reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt instrument is considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort.  In  making  that  evaluation,  the  Group  reassesses  the  credit  rating  of  the  debt  instrument.  In  addition,  the  Group  considers  that  there  has  been  a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

The  Group's  debt  instruments  at  fair  value  through  OCI  comprise  solely  of  quoted  bonds  that  are  graded  in  the  top  investment  category  by accredited rating agencies and, therefore, are considered to be low credit risk investments. It is the Group's policy to measure ECLs on such instruments on a 12-month basis. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL. The Group uses the ratings from accredited rating agencies to monitor the changes in the credit ratings, determine whether the debt instrument has significantly increased in credit risk and to estimate ECLs.

The ECLs for debt instruments measured at FVOCI do not reduce the carrying amount of these financial assets in  the statement  of  financial position, which remains at fair value. Instead, an amount equal to the allowance that would arise if the assets were measured at amortized cost is recognized in  OCI  with a corresponding charge to the consolidated statement of income. The accumulated gain recognized in OCI is recycled to the consolidated statement of income upon derecognition of the assets.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 30 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Financial assets are written off either partially or in their entirety only when the Group has stopped pursuing the recovery. If the amount to be written off is greater than the accumulated loss allowance, the difference is first treated as an addition to the allowance that is then applied against the gross carrying amount. Any subsequent recoveries are credited to credit loss expense. There were no write-offs over the periods reported in these consolidated financial statements.

For  cash  flow  purposes  the  Group  classifies  the  cash  flow  for  the  acquisition  and  disposal  of  financial  assets  as  operating  cash  flows,  as  the purchases of these investments is funded from the net cash flows associated with the origination of insurance and investment contracts and payment of benefits and claims incurred for such insurance contracts, which are respectively treated under operating activities.

## Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.

Warrants are accounted for as derivative financial instruments (a financial liability) as they give the holder the right to obtain a variable number of common (ordinary) shares, dependent on the characteristics of the Warrant holder and the occurrence of some uncertain future events that are not within the control of the Group.

The Warrants shall lapse and expire after five years from the closing of the Business Combination transaction (see note 33).

Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the consolidated statement of income (within profit and loss) as the Group has not designated derivative financial instruments under hedging arrangements.

## Investments in associates

The Group's investment in its associates is accounted for using the equity method of accounting. An associate is an entity in which the Group has significant influence, and which is neither a subsidiary nor a joint venture.

The considerations made in determining significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control over subsidiaries.

Under the equity method, the investment in the associate is carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost plus post-acquisition changes in the Group's share of net assets of the associate.

Profits or losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associate are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate.

The share of profit or loss of the associate is shown on the face of the consolidated statement of income. This is profit attributable to equity holders of the associate and, therefore, is profit after tax and non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries of the associates.

The financial statements of the associate are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring its accounting policies in line with the Group's.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognize an additional impairment loss on the Group's investments in associates. The Group determines at each reporting date, whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If  this  is  the  case,  the  Group  calculates  the  amount  of  impairment  as  the  difference  between  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  associate  and  its carrying value and recognizes the amount in the 'share of profit or loss of an associate' in the consolidated statement of income.

Upon  loss  of  significant  influence  over  the  associate,  the  Group  measures  and  recognizes  any  remaining  investment  at  its  fair  value.  Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of significant influence and the fair value of the remaining investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in consolidated statement of income.

The associates' functional currency is the currency of a hyperinflationary economy and is adjusted in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period. As the presentation currency of the Group is that of a non-hyperinflationary economy, comparative amounts are not adjusted for changes in the price level in the current year. Differences between these comparative amounts and current year hyperinflation adjusted equity balances are recognized in other comprehensive income. The carrying amounts of non-monetary assets and liabilities are adjusted to reflect the change in the general price index from the date of acquisition to the end of the reporting period. An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss if the restated amount of a nonmonetary item exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.

All the amounts in the associates' financial statements (assets, liabilities, equity items, income, and expenses) are translated at the closing rate as of 31 December 2022.

Gains or losses on the net monetary position are recognized in profit or loss.

## Investment properties

Investment properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. The carrying amount includes the cost of replacing part of an existing  investment  property  at  the  time  that  cost  is  incurred  if  the  recognition  criteria  are  met;  and  excludes  the  costs  of  day  to  day  servicing  of  an investment property. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the reporting date. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the consolidated statement of income in the period in which they arise.

The fair value of the investment properties is determined by management and in doing so management considers the valuation performed by third parties who are specialists in valuing these types of investment properties.

Investment properties are derecognized when either they have been disposed of or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal.

The difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset is recognized in the consolidated statement of income in the period of derecognition. The amount of consideration to be included in the gain or loss arising from the derecognition of investment property is determined in accordance with the requirements for determining the transaction price in IFRS 15.

Transfers are made to or from investment property only when there is a change in use. For a transfer from investment property to owner occupied property, the deemed cost for subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. If owner occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance with the policy stated under property, plant and equipment up to the date of change in use.

## Property, premises and equipment

Property, premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment in value. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives using the following estimated useful lives:

| Years  Office buildings  50  Aircraft  12.5  Office furniture  5  Computers  3  Equipment  4  Leasehold improvements  5  Vehicles  5  Right-of-use assets  2-7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An item  of  property,  premises  and  equipment  and  any  significant  part  initially  recognized,  is  derecognized  upon  disposal  or  when  no  future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the consolidated statement of income when the asset is derecognized.

The  assets'  residual  values,  useful  lives  and  method  of  depreciation  are  reviewed  and  adjusted  if  appropriate  at  each  financial  year-end. Impairment reviews take place when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized in the consolidated statement of income as an expense.

## Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is their  fair  value  at  the  date  of  acquisition.  Following  initial  recognition,  intangible  assets  are  carried  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  amortization  and accumulated impairment losses.

The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset are considered to modify the amortization period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates. The amortization expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognized in the consolidated statement of income in the expense category that is consistent with the function of the intangible assets.

An intangible asset is derecognized upon disposal (i.e., at the date the recipient obtains control) or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising upon derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the consolidated statement of income.

Intangible  assets  include  computer  software  and  software  licenses.  These  intangible  assets  are  amortized  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  their estimated economic useful lives of 5 years.

## Work in progress assets

Work in progress assets are stated at cost and include other direct costs and it is not depreciated until it is available for intended use.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognized when the Group has an obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, and the costs to settle the obligation are both probable and able to be reliably measured.

## Treasury shares

Own equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of income on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group's own equity instruments. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration, if reissued, is recognized in share premium.

## Gross written premiums

Gross  written  premiums  comprise  the  total  premiums  receivable  for  the  whole  period  of  cover  provided  by  contracts  entered  into  during  the accounting period. They are recognized on the date on which the policy commences. Premiums include any adjustments arising in the accounting period for premiums receivable in respect of business written in prior accounting periods. Rebates that form part of the premium rate, such as no-claim rebates, are deducted from the gross premium; others are recognized as an expense. Premiums also include estimates for pipeline premiums, representing amounts due on business written but not yet notified. The Group generally estimates the pipeline premium based on management's judgment and prior experience.

Unearned premiums are those proportions of premiums written in a year that relate to periods of risk after the reporting date. Unearned premiums are calculated on a pro rata basis. The proportion attributable to subsequent periods is deferred as a provision for unearned premiums.

## Reinsurance premiums

Reinsurance premiums comprise the total premiums payable for the reinsurance cover provided by retrocession contracts entered into during the year and are recognized on the date on which the policy incepts.

Premiums include any adjustments arising in the accounting period in respect of reinsurance contracts incepting in prior accounting periods.

Unearned reinsurance premiums are those proportions of premiums written in a year that relate to periods of risk after the reporting date. Unearned reinsurance  premiums  are  deferred  over  the  term  of  the  underlying  direct  insurance  policies  for  risks-attaching  contracts  and  over  the  term  of  the reinsurance contract for losses occurring contracts.

## Claims

Claims, comprising amounts payable to contract holders and third parties and related loss adjustment expenses, net of salvage and other recoveries, are charged to income as incurred. Claims comprise the estimated amounts payable, in respect of claims reported to the Group and those not reported at the consolidated statement of financial position date.

The Group generally estimates its claims based on appointed loss adjusters or leading underwriters' recommendations. In addition, a provision based  on  management's  judgement  and  the  Group's  prior  experience  is  maintained  for  the  cost  of  settling  claims  incurred  but  not  reported  at  the consolidated statement of financial position date.

## Policy acquisition costs and commissions earned

Policy acquisition costs and commission earned represent commissions paid and received in relation to the acquisition and renewal of insurance and retrocession contracts which are deferred and expensed over the same period over which the corresponding premiums are recognised in accordance with the earning pattern of the underlying contract.

## Liability adequacy test

At each statement of financial position date, the Group assesses whether its recognized insurance liabilities are adequate using current estimates of future cash flows under its insurance contracts. If that assessment shows that the carrying amount of its unearned premiums (less related deferred policy acquisition costs) is inadequate in light of estimated future cash flows, the entire deficiency is immediately recognized in income and an unexpired risk provision is created. The results of the assessment are aggregated to the reporting segment level.

The Group does not discount its liability for unpaid claims as the Group measures its insurance contract liabilities on an undiscounted basis.

## Reinsurance

The  Group  cedes  insurance  risk  in  the  normal  course  of  business  for  all  of  its  businesses.  Reinsurance  assets  represent  balances  due  from reinsurance companies. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the outstanding claims provision or settled claims associated with the reinsurer's policies and are in accordance with the related reinsurance contract.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

Reinsurance assets are reviewed for impairment at each reporting date, or more frequently, when an indication of impairment arises during the reporting year. Impairment occurs when there is objective evidence as a result of an event that occurred after initial recognition of the reinsurance asset that the Group may not receive all outstanding amounts due under the terms of the contract and the event has a reliably measurable impact on the amounts that the Group will receive from the reinsurer. The impairment loss is recorded in the consolidated statement of income.

Gains or losses on buying reinsurance are recognized in the consolidated statement of income immediately at the date of purchase and are not amortized.

Ceded reinsurance arrangements do not relieve the Group from its obligations to policyholders.

The Group also assumes reinsurance risk in the normal course of business for non-life insurance contracts where applicable. Premiums and claims on assumed reinsurance are recognized as revenue or expenses in the same manner as they would be if the reinsurance were considered direct business, taking into account the product classification of the reinsured business. Reinsurance liabilities represent balances due to reinsurance companies. Amounts payable are estimated in a manner consistent with the related reinsurance contract.

Premiums and claims are presented on a gross basis for both ceded and assumed reinsurance.

Reinsurance assets or liabilities  are  derecognized  when  the  contractual  rights  are  extinguished  or  expire  or  when  the  contract  is  transferred  to another party.

Reinsurance contracts that do not transfer significant insurance risk are accounted for directly through the statement of financial position. These are deposit assets or financial liabilities that are recognized based on the consideration paid or received less any explicit identified premiums or fees to be retained by the reinsured.

## Excess of loss (XOL) reinsurance

The  Group  purchases  reinsurance  as  part  of  its  risk  mitigation  programmer.  The  Group  has  a  non-proportional  excess-of-loss  reinsurance contracts designed to mitigate the Group's net exposure of losses that exceed a specified limit including catastrophe losses. These contracts often specify a limit in losses for which the reinsurer will be responsible. This limit is agreed to in the reinsurance contract and protects the Group from dealing with an unlimited liability. Retention limits for the excess-of-loss reinsurance vary by line of business.

The  XOL  costs  are  determined  at  the  inception  of  the  reinsurance  contract  and  are  payable  upfront  in  the  form  of  'Minimum  and  Deposit Premium' (MDP) subject to premium adjustment at the end of the contract period. Deferred excess of loss premiums are those proportions of premiums paid during the year that relate to periods of risk after the reporting date. Deferred premiums are calculated on a pro rata basis.

Excess of loss  reinsurance  also  includes  reinstatement  premium  and  related  cash  flows  within  the  boundary of  the  initial  reinsurance  contract arising from usage of primary reinsurance coverage limit. Reinstatement occurs at predetermined rates without giving reinsurer any right to exit or reprice the contract. This implies expected cash flows related to the reinstatement premium shall be within the boundary of the initial reinsurance contract and are not related to future contracts.

## Equity settled Share-based payment plan

The Group operates an equity-settled share-based plan to its employees, under which the Group receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the equity instruments is recognized as an expense. The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted, at the grant date. The total expense is recognized during the vesting period, which is the period over which the specified vesting condition of the share-based payment are to be satisfied. At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of equity instruments that are expected to vest based on the vesting conditions and recognizes the impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of income, with corresponding adjustment to equity.

## Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset, and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial position only when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liability simultaneously. Income and expense are not offset in the consolidated statement of income unless required or permitted by any accounting standard or interpretation.

## Foreign currencies

The Group's consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars, which is also the functional currency of the Group. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group entities at their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the functional currency spot rate of exchange ruling at the reporting date. All differences are taken to the consolidated statement of income. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value is determined.

## Group companies

The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into United States Dollars at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of income are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognized in the consolidated statement of income.

## Taxation

The  charge  or  credit  for  taxation  is  based  upon  the  profit  or  loss  for  the  year  and  takes  into  account  taxation  deferred  because  of  temporary differences between the treatment of certain items for taxation and accounting purposes.

## Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries were the Group operates and generates taxable income.

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credit and unused tax losses can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

## Interest income

Interest income included in investment income is recognized as the interest accrues using the effective interest method, under which the rate used exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## Dividend income

Dividend revenue included in investment income is recognized when the right to receive the payment is established.

## Other revenues and expenses

Other revenues consist of chartered flights revenues which are recognized when the transportation is provided. Related expenses are recognized in the same period as the revenues to which they relate.

## Leasing

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## Right-of-use assets

The Group recognizes right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-ofuse assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and are adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

The Group has included the right-of-use assets arising from the lease contracts within property, plant and premises in the consolidated statement of financial position (see note 13).

The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount  of  lease liabilities  recognized,  initial  direct  costs  incurred,  and  lease  payments  made  at  or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognized right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term. Right-of-use assets are subject to impairment.

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives  receivable,  variable  lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate.

The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expense in the period on which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group has included the lease obligations arising from the lease contracts within the other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position (see note 16).

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to some of its short-term leases (i.e.,  those  leases  that  have a  lease term  of  12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered of low value (i.e., below USD 5 thousand). Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Fair values

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:

In the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.

The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to the Group.

The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

- Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable
- Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

The Group's management determines the policies and procedures for both recurring fair value measurement, such as unquoted financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

At each reporting date, the management analyses the movements in the values of assets and liabilities which are required to be re-measured or reassessed as per the Group's accounting policies. For this analysis, the management verifies the major inputs applied in the latest valuation by agreeing the information in the valuation computation to contracts and other relevant documents.

For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.

## Segment reporting

Reporting segments and segment measures are explained and disclosed in note 31 Segment information.

## Listing related Expenses

Listing transaction related costs are charged to the consolidated statement of income as incurred.

## Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred,  which  is  measured  at  acquisition  date  fair  value,  and  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interests  in  the  acquiree.  For  each  business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organized workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes  to  the ability  to  continue  producing  outputs  and  is  considered  unique  or  scarce  or  cannot  be  replaced  without  significant  cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

When the  Group  acquires  a  business,  it  assesses  the  financial  assets  and  liabilities  assumed  for  appropriate  classification  and  designation  in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognized at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

Goodwill is initially  measured  at  cost  (being  the  excess  of  the  aggregate of  the  consideration  transferred  and  the  amount  recognized  for  noncontrolling  interests  and  any  previous  interest  held  over  the  net  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed).  If  the  fair  value  of  the  net  assets acquired is in excess of the aggregate consideration transferred, the Group re-assesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed and reviews the procedures used to measure the amounts to be recognized at the acquisition date. If the reassessment still results in an excess of the fair value of net assets acquired over the aggregate consideration transferred, then the gain is recognized in profit or loss.

After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are assigned to those units.

Where  goodwill  has  been  allocated  to  a  cash-generating  unit  (CGU)  and  part  of  the  operation  within  that  unit  is  disposed  of,  the  goodwill associated with the disposed operation is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal. Goodwill disposed in these circumstances is measured based on the relative values of the disposed operation and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  the  accompanying  disclosures,  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods.

## Judgements

In  the  process  of  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  management  has  made  the  following  judgements,  apart  from  those  involving estimations, which have the most significant effect in the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements:

## Classification of investments

Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, at cost and subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI), and fair value through profit or loss.

## Determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options

The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

The Group has the option, under some of its leases to lease the assets for additional terms. The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The Group considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew (e.g., a change in business strategy).

The Group included the renewal period as part of the lease term for leases of property, premises and equipment due to the significance of these assets  to  its  operations.  These  leases  have  a  short  non-cancellable  period  and  there  will  be  a  significant  negative  effect  on  the  Group's  operations  if  a replacement is not readily available.

## Estimates and assumptions

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below. The Group based its assumptions  and  estimates  on  parameters  available  when  the  consolidated  financial  statements  were  prepared.  Existing  circumstances  and  assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## Valuation of insurance contract liabilities

Considerable judgement by management is required in the estimation of amounts due to contract holders arising from claims made under insurance contracts. Such estimates are necessarily based on assumptions about several factors involving varying, and possibly significant, degrees of judgement and uncertainty and actual results may differ from management's estimates resulting in future changes in estimated liabilities.

In particular, estimates have to be made for both the expected ultimate cost of claims reported and the expected ultimate cost of claims incurred but not yet reported (IBNR) at the consolidated statement of financial position date. The primary technique adopted by management in estimating the cost of notified  and  IBNR  claims  is  that  of  using  past  claim  settlement  trends  to  predict  future  claims  settlement  trends.  Claims  requiring  court  or  arbitration decisions are estimated individually. Independent loss adjustors normally estimate property claims. Management reviews its provisions for claims incurred, and claims incurred but not reported, on a quarterly basis.

Similar judgements, estimates and assumptions are employed in the assessment of adequacy of provisions for unearned premiums. Judgement is also required in determining whether the pattern of insurance service provided by a contract requires amortization of unearned premiums on a basis other than time apportionment.

Total  carrying  amount  of  insurance  contract  liabilities  as  at  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  USD  634,570  thousand  (2021:  USD  575,899 thousand). As at 31 December 2022, gross incurred but not reported claims (IBNR) amounted to USD 325,979 thousand (2021: USD 268,953 thousand) out of the total insurance contract liabilities.

## Valuation of investment properties

Investment properties amounted to USD 15,119 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 16,308 thousand) and are stated at fair value. Management has determined the fair value and in doing so has considered valuation performed by a third-party specialist. The valuation model used was in accordance with that recommended by the International Valuation Standards Committee. The investment properties are valued using the sales comparison approach. Under the sales comparison approach, a property's fair value is estimated based on comparable transactions. The sales comparison approach is based upon the principle of substitution under which a potential buyer will not pay more for the property than it will cost to buy a comparable substitute property. The unit of comparison applied by the Group is the price per square meter (sqm).

## Valuation of investment properties of the associates

Investment in associates amounted to USD 6,049 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 5,693 thousand). The associates' main business is investing  in  investment  properties  located  in  Beirut,  Lebanon.  The  investment  properties  of  the  associates  are  stated  at  fair  value  determined  by management. In doing so, management has considered valuation performed by third party specialist using the sales comparison approach. The real estate market in Lebanon has changed significantly since the  onset of the  financial  crisis  that  affected  the  country.  Due  to  the  relatively  limited  information available under the prevailing market conditions, and as a result of artificial demand created by investors outside the professional real estate development industry, who primarily aim to divest from cash assets into more secure holdings, prices found on the market are uncertain. Furthermore, since the majority of  property  owners  are  only  accepting  payments  in  US  Dollars  and  not  in  local  Lebanese  currency,  demand  for  commercial  buildings  has  dropped considerably. Accordingly, prices found on the market at year end 2022, including achieved sales prices, are only indicative and may not hold if the market were to be corrected.

## Expected credit loss for insurance receivables

The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for insurance receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various policy holder's segments that have similar default patterns.

The provision matrix is initially based on the Group's historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit  loss  experience  with  forward-looking  information.  For  instance,  if  forecast  economic  conditions  (i.e.,  gross  domestic  product)  are  expected  to deteriorate over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the sector, the historical default rates are adjusted. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and of forecast economic conditions. The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of policy holder's actual default in the future.

In its ECL models, the Group relies on a range of forward-looking information as economic inputs, such as:

- Real GDP growth by region
- Projected GDP growth by region

In determining impairment of financial assets, judgement is required in the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows as well as an assessment  of  whether  the  credit  risk  on  the  financial  asset  has  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  and  incorporation  of  forward-looking information in the measurement of ECL.

The Group considers insurance receivables in default when contractual payments are 360 days past due, and in doing so management considers but does not depend only on the age of the relevant accounts receivable. The adequacy of the Group's past estimates as well as the high turnover ratio of receivables  are  also  considered  as  main  factors  in  evaluating  the  collectability  of  insurance  receivables,  especially  in  regions  where  the  Group  has experienced historical trends of slow collection such as the Middle East and Africa. Even in such regions, however, the Group has typically ultimately recovered the due premiums in full.

The Group has In place credit appraisal policies for written business. The Group monitors and follows up on receivables for insurance transactions on an ongoing basis. Wherever, as a result of this formal chasing process, management determines that the settlement of a receivable is not probable, a notice of cancellation (NOC) will be issued within 30 - 60 days from the premium past due date. If the premium due is not paid within the NOC period, the insurance policy will be cancelled ab initio.

The Group does not pay claims on policies where the policyholder is past due on premium payments, except for cases where the policyholder's broker confirms that the due premium is in the process of being collected.

Total  expected  credit  losses  on  insurance  receivables  as  at  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  USD  17,510  thousand  (2021:  USD  14,356 thousand).

## Ultimate premiums

In addition to reported premium income, the Group also includes an estimate for pipeline premiums representing amount due on business written but not yet reported. This is based on management's judgement of market conditions and historical data using premium development patterns evident from active underwriting years to predict ultimate premiums trends at the close of the fiscal period.

Estimated pipeline premiums as at year ended 31 December 2022 was USD 1,500 thousand (2021: USD 1,379 thousand).

## 3. CASH AT BANKS

## (a) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Cash and bank balances*  82,969  205,866  Deposits with original maturities of three months or less  54,974  36,280  137,943  242,146   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This item includes restricted cash in the amount of USD 10,800 thousand placed in a trust account in favor of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners  (NAIC)  to  secure  policyholders'  obligations  in  relation  to  US  surplus  and  excess  lines  business  (2021:  USD  5,400  thousand).  In addition, this item includes a restricted call deposit in the amount of USD 5,000 thousand (2021: USD 5,000 thousand) placed in favor of the Group as collateral against reinsurance arrangements. The interest earned on this deposit is recognised as a liability and transferred to the reinsurance company on a semi-annual basis.

## (b) TERM DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Deposits with original maturities over three months and less than one year  265,691  136,278  Deposits with original maturities over one year  31,335  43,688  297,026  179,966   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The deposits are denominated in US Dollars and other US Dollars pegged currencies, Pound Sterling, Euro and Australian Dollars. All deposits earned interest in the range between 0.6%-6.1% (2021: 0.4%-3.0%) and are held for varying periods between three months up to 2 years depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group.

## 4. INSURANCE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Receivables from insurance companies and intermediaries  202,357  193,701  Less: Expected credit losses on insurance receivables  (17,510)  (14,356)  184,847  179,345   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The movement in the expected credit losses is as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  14,356  9,235  Provision for the year  3,154  5,181  Write-offs  -  (60)  Ending balance  17,510  14,356   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Insurance receivables are non-interest bearing. The Group does not obtain collateral over insurance receivables.

## 5. INVESTMENTS

The details of the Group's financial investments for the years 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  Amortized  cost  Fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  Fair value  through  profit or loss  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Unquoted bonds*  2,623  -  -  2,623  Quoted bonds  -  489,081  -  489,081  Quoted funds and alternative investments  -  -  12,237  12,237  Quoted equities  -  10,845  13,201  24,046  Unquoted equities**  -  7,364  -  7,364  Expected credit losses and impairment  (629)  -  -  (629)  1,994  507,290  25,438  534,722   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Amortized  cost  Fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  Fair value  through  profit or loss  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Unquoted bonds*  2,934  -  -  2,934  Quoted bonds  -  418,445  -  418,445  Quoted funds and alternative investments  -  -  14,377  14,377  Quoted equities  -  13,721  14,162  27,883  Unquoted equities**  -  7,046  -  7,046  Expected credit losses and impairment  (463)  -  -  (463)  2,471  439,212  28,539  470,222   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* In  2021,  this  included  an  investment  in  an  unquoted  bond  denominated  in  JOD  (USD  pegged  currency)  issued  by  'Specialized  Investment Compound Co.' a local company based in Jordan with a maturity date of 22 February 2016. The said company is currently under liquidation, due to which 85% of original bond holdings with nominal value amounting to USD 1,236 thousand were not paid on that maturity date.

This bond is backed up by collateral in the form of real estate properties. However, the Group management has provided USD 622 thousand which fully covers the remaining amount of the bond at as 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 441 thousand).

** The Group has two unquoted equity investments under level 3 designated at fair value through OCI valued at USD 6,990 thousand (2021: USD 6,614 thousand) and USD 374 thousand (2021: USD 432 thousand). As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group has measured the fair value of the unquoted investment valued at USD 6,990 thousand (2021: USD 6,614 thousand) by adopting a market valuation approach namely 'multiplesbased valuation' whereby earnings-based multiples of comparable companies were considered for the valuation.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group has measured the fair value of the unquoted investment valued at USD 374 thousand (31 December 2021: USD 432 thousand), by adopting a market valuation approach namely 'multiples-based valuation'  whereby  earnings-based  multiples  of comparable companies were considered for the valuation.

There are no active markets for these investments.

The movement on the expected credit losses and impairment provision for the bonds at amortized cost is as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  463  397  Addition of provision for investment held at amortized cost  166  66  Ending balance  629  463   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The addition of allowance for bonds at FVTOCI for the year 2022 of USD 138 thousand (see note 23) does not change the carrying amount of these investments (which are measured at fair value but gives rise to an equal and opposite gain in OCI).

The table below shows the sensitivity of the fair value of Level 3 financial assets as at 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| %  Positive impact  Negative  impact  Valuation variables  USD '000  USD '000  2022  +/- 10  724  (724)  Market multiples applied to a range of financial performance measures***  2021  +/- 10  663  (663)  Market multiples applied to a range of financial performance measures  2020  +/- 10  701  (701)  Market multiples applied to a range of financial performance measures  And market multiples applied to implied value in a recent official sale offer   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*** As at 31 December 2022, the fair value measurement of the unquoted equity investment valued at USD 6,990 thousand (2021: USD 6,614 thousand) (2020: USD 6,314 thousand) was based on a combination of valuation multiples, with greater weight given to price to book value multiple. This has implied an equity value range of USD 7,714 thousand to USD 6,266 thousand (2021: USD 7,277 thousand to USD 5,951 thousand) (2020: USD 5,612 thousand to USD 7,015 thousand).

## 6. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

The Group holds 32.7% equity ownership interest in companies registered in Lebanon as shown below, the investments in associated companies are accounted for using the equity method:

| Country of  incorporation  Ownership  2022  2021  Star Rock SAL Lebanon  Lebanon  32.7%  32.7%  Sina SAL Lebanon  Lebanon  32.7%  32.7%  Silver Rock SAL Lebanon  Lebanon  32.7%  32.7%  Golden Rock SAL Lebanon  Lebanon  32.7%  32.7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement on investments in associates is as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  5,693  11,583  Opening  balance  adjustments  for  hyperinflation  and  effect  of  movements  in  exchange  rates  recognised  in  other  comprehensive income  147  1,358  Adjusted opening balance  5,840  12,941  Share of associated companies' financial results  (48)  (227)  Investment properties fair value adjustment  257  (7,021)  Share of profit (loss) from associates  209  (7,248)  Ending balance  6,049  5,693   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The  inflation  in  Lebanon  has  increased  significantly  in  prior  years,  and  the  underlying  quantitative  and  qualitative  indicators  following  the deteriorating economic conditions and currency controls support the conclusion that Lebanon is a hyperinflationary economy.

Accordingly, for the purpose of the Group's consolidated financial statements, the associates' financial statements (which are based on historical cost approach, except for the investment properties which are measured at fair value) have been adjusted to be expressed in terms of the measuring unit current at the end of the reporting period by applying a general price index.

The following tables include summarized information of the Group's investments in associates for each year presented.

This  information  is  presented  on  a  100%  basis  and  reflects  the  adjustments  made  by  the  Group  to  the  associated  companies'  own  results  in applying the equity method of accounting. Adjustments to the carrying amounts are recognized for changes in the Group's proportionate interests in the associates arising from changes in the associates' equity that have not been recognized in the associates' profit or loss. Changes include those arising from the revaluation of investment properties of the associates and provisions related to the income tax and social security contingencies that may arise on the associates.

| 2022  Star Rock  SAL  Lebanon  Sina SAL  Lebanon  Silver  Rock SAL  Lebanon  Golden  Rock SAL  Lebanon  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Current assets  8  9  7  438  462  Non-current assets  1,999  1,390  2,231  14,585  20,205  Current liabilities  (25)  (18)  (30)  (167)  (240)  Non-current liabilities  (273)  (288)  (210)  (1,155)  (1,926)  Net assets  1,709  1,093  1,998  13,701  18,501  The Group's share of net assets  559  357  653  4,480  6,049   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Star Rock  SAL  Lebanon  Sina SAL  Lebanon  Silver  Rock SAL  Lebanon  Golden  Rock SAL  Lebanon  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Current assets  7  11  3  344  365  Non-current assets  1,870  1,287  2,091  13,538  18,786  Current liabilities  (120)  (148)  (29)  (182)  (479)  Non-current liabilities  (152)  (152)  (151)  (805)  (1,260)  Net assets  1,605  998  1,914  12,895  17,412  The Group's share of net assets  525  326  626  4,216  5,693   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

The following table includes summarized information of the Group's share of profit (loss) from associates for years 2022, 2021 and 2020.

| 2022  Star Rock SAL  Lebanon  Sina SAL  Lebanon  Silver Rock  SAL Lebanon  Golden Rock  SAL Lebanon  Total  Associates' revenues and results:  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Revenues  4  -  6  526  536  Net income  81  85  33  439  638  The Group's share of profit  26  28  11  144  209   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  Associates' revenues and results:  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Revenues  11  -  2  422  435  Net loss  (2,456)  (2,007)  (2,608)  (15,095)  (22,166)  The Group's share of loss  (803 )  (656 )  (853 )  (4,936 )  (7,248 )   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2020  Associates' revenues and results:  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Revenues  47  4  41  750  842  Net loss  (492)  (340)  (620)  (3,071)  (4,523)  The Group's share of loss  (161 )  (111 )  (203 )  (1,004 )  (1,479 )   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The associates' main business is investing in investment properties located in Beirut, Lebanon. The investment properties of the associates are stated at fair value to bring the associated companies' accounting policies in line with that of the Group's. The fair values of the investment properties have been determined by management and in doing so, management has considered valuation performed by third party specialist. The valuation model used was in  accordance  with  that  recommended  by  the  International  Valuation  Standards  Committee.  The  investment  properties  are  valued  using  the  sales comparison approach. Under the sales comparison approach, a property's fair value is estimated based on comparable transactions. The sales comparison approach is based upon the principle of substitution under which a potential buyer will not pay more for the property than it will cost to buy a comparable substitute property. The unit of comparison applied by the Group is the price per square meter (sqm) which represents the significant unobservable input used in the valuation process.

The real estate market in Lebanon has changed significantly since the onset of the financial crisis that affected the country. Due to the relatively limited information available under the prevailing market conditions, and as a result of artificial demand created by investors outside the professional real estate  development  industry,  who  primarily  aim  to  divest  from  cash  assets  into  more  secure  holdings,  prices  found  on  the  market  are  uncertain. Furthermore, since the majority of property owners are only accepting payments in US Dollars and not in local Lebanese currency, demand for commercial buildings has dropped considerably. Accordingly, prices found on the market at year end 2022, including achieved sales prices, are only indicative and may not hold if the market were to be corrected.

All the investment properties generated rental income during the current year and the prior years, except for Sina SAL which did not generate rental income during 2022 and 2021.

The sensitivity of the Group's consolidated statement of income for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020 to the change in the price used for the valuation of the investment properties owned by the associates was as follows:

| Impact on consolidated statement of  income for the change in price per  square meter  %  Increase  Decrease  USD '000  USD '000  2022  +/- 20  1,480  (1,480)  2021  +/- 20  1,511  (1,511)  2020  +/- 20  1,773  (1,773)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. OUTSTANDING CLAIMS

Movement in outstanding claims

| 2022  2021  2020  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  At the beginning of the year  Reported claims  306,946  (120,323)  186,623  312,334  (160,373)  151,961  292,722  (163,191)  129,531  Claims incurred but not reported  268,953  (61,925)  207,028  179,921  (27,112)  152,809  120,331  (13,021)  107,310  575,899  (182,248)  393,651  492,255  (187,485)  304,770  413,053  (176,212)  236,841  Claims paid  (176,608)  71,004  (105,604)  (119,722)  32,411  (87,311)  (134,761)  51,018  (83,743)  Incurred claims*:  Provided during the year related to current accident  year  273,738  (75,556)  198,182  257,233  (64,926)  192,307  225,950  (68,135)  157,815  (Released) provided during the year related to  previous accident years  (38,459)  (2,023)  (40,482)  (53,867)  37,752  (16,115)  (11,987)  5,844  (6,143)  235,279  (77,579)  157,700  203,366  (27,174)  176,192  213,963  (62,291)  151,672  At the end of the year  634,570  (188,823)  445,747  575,899  (182,248)  393,651  492,255  (187,485)  304,770  At the end of the year  Reported claims  308,591  (102,004)  206,587  306,946  (120,323)  186,623  312,334  (160,373)  151,961  Claims incurred but not reported  325,979  (86,819)  239,160  268,953  (61,925)  207,028  179,921  (27,112)  152,809  634,570  (188,823 )  445,747  575,899  (182,248 )  393,651  492,255  (187,485 )  304,770   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The net claims and claim adjustment expenses include foreign exchange gain of USD 25,431 thousand (2021: gain of USD 6,131 thousand) (2020: loss of USD 5,744 thousand).

## Claims development

The following tables show the estimate of cumulative incurred claims, including both reported claims and claims incurred but not reported for each successive accident year at each statement of financial position date, together with cumulative payments to date.

Gross of reinsurance, the claims development table is as follows:

All prior

| years  2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Total  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  At end of accident year  122,323  128,498  133,595  159,549  152,384  174,601  175,094  278,298  196,709  150,800  225,950  257,233  273,738  One year later  108,523  106,567  119,425  155,958  114,972  160,100  173,369  309,258  219,593  143,093  219,794  216,610  -  Two years later  105,943  100,764  108,557  148,161  101,352  149,533  167,695  317,053  213,655  126,522  212,577  -  -  Three years later  100,572  110,286  110,046  142,309  92,846  145,921  158,572  317,778  191,253  141,382  -  -  -  Four years later  99,513  114,464  103,996  133,917  88,210  142,926  162,210  311,662  181,331  -  -  -  -  Five years later  101,599  110,266  104,541  132,992  85,621  142,478  162,215  313,214  -  -  -  -  -  Six years later  100,199  111,774  103,167  130,844  83,183  141,758  163,829  -  -  -  -  -  -  Seven years later  100,303  110,644  97,918  130,616  82,709  142,306  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Eight years later  100,073  111,028  97,998  130,374  83,584  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Nine years later  100,120  111,198  98,088  128,905  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ten years later  99,972  109,706  99,481  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Eleven years later  100,497  109,466  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Twelve years later  100,525  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Current estimate of cumulative  claims incurred  309,813  100,525  109,466  99,481  128,905  83,584  142,306  163,829  313,214  181,331  141,382  212,577  216,610  273,738  2,476,761  Cumulative payments to date  308,203  100,214  104,190  97,847  128,644  83,656  137,810  157,668  289,721  153,435  94,133  103,433  65,356  17,881  1,842,191   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Gross liability included in the consolidated statement of financial position

634,570

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

Net of reinsurance, the claims development table is as follows:

All prior

| years  2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Total  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  USD  '000  At end of accident year  71,380  76,231  100,119  123,553  115,851  92,893  98,771  110,341  94,266  124,356  157,815  192,307  198,182  One year later  63,488  60,555  88,131  121,694  90,078  86,991  94,055  117,163  105,797  115,739  155,639  162,882  -  Two years later  62,020  59,556  78,090  120,600  79,209  79,846  90,077  116,435  108,521  100,104  145,935  -  -  Three years later  58,897  60,662  81,521  117,084  73,250  75,311  85,366  113,949  112,970  107,039  -  -  -  Four years later  58,182  62,272  77,268  109,460  70,070  73,132  89,184  112,040  103,066  -  -  -  -  Five years later  60,146  59,826  77,798  107,701  66,693  72,641  89,230  111,805  -  -  -  -  -  Six years later  58,648  60,329  76,773  107,500  65,626  71,945  89,817  -  -  -  -  -  -  Seven years later  58,726  58,084  71,644  107,269  65,482  72,372  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Eight years later  58,540  57,329  71,620  107,059  66,363  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Nine years later  58,590  57,425  71,745  105,598  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ten years later  58,460  57,398  73,135  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Eleven years later  58,859  57,251  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Twelve years later  58,882  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Current estimate of cumulative  claims incurred  198,161  58,882  57,251  73,135  105,598  66,363  72,372  89,817  111,805  103,066  107,039  145,935  162,882  198,182  1,550,488  Cumulative payments to date  196,772  58,616  55,660  71,567  105,394  65,750  69,390  85,190  99,912  83,850  74,434  70,647  52,682  14,877  1,104,741   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Net liability included in the consolidated statement of financial position

445,747

## 8. UNEARNED PREMIUMS

| 2022  2021  2020  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  Gross  Reinsurers'  share  Net  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Opening  balance  328,726  (64,124)  264,602  277,268  (50,077)  227,191  206,214  (33,917)  172,297  Premiums  written  581,847  (186,483)  395,364  545,582  (162,973)  382,609  467,273  (128,863)  338,410  Premiums  earned  (556,541)  180,088  (376,453)  (494,124)  148,926  (345,198)  (396,219)  112,703  (283,516)  354,032  (70,519 )  283,513  328,726  (64,124 )  264,602  277,268  (50,077 )  227,191   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. DEFERRED EXCESS OF LOSS PREMIUMS

The movement in deferred excess of loss premiums in the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  17,238  17,095  15,173  Additions  46,776  38,207  40,726  Charged to consolidated statement of income under reinsures' share of insurance premiums  (44,343)  (38,064)  (38,804)  Ending balance  19,671  17,238  17,095   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022

## 10. DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  64,842  55,172  41,713  Acquisition costs during the year  108,310  95,871  84,002  Charged to consolidated statement of income  (103,760)  (86,201)  (70,543)  Ending balance  69,392  64,842  55,172   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. OTHER ASSETS

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Accrued interest income  6,301  4,924  Prepaid expenses  3,331  1,746  Refundable deposits  124  123  Employees receivables  26  4  Funds held in trust accounts  2,852  2,818  Income tax receivables  563  130  Trade receivables  313  9  Investments proceeds receivables  324  -  Others  491  188  14,325  9,942   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying values of the other assets above as at years ending 31 December 2022 and 2021 approximate fair value.

## 12. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

The following table includes summarized information of the Group's investment properties:

| 2022  Commercial  building  Lands*  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  15,683  625  16,308  Additions  10  -  10  Sale of investment properties  -  (625)  (625)  Fair value adjustment (see note 23)  (574)  -  (574)  Ending balance  15,119  -  15,119   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

| 2021  Commercial  building  Lands*  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  18,168  1,844  20,012  Additions  36  -  36  Sale of investment properties  -  (1,128)  (1,128)  Transfer to property, premises and equipment  (1,312)  -  (1,312)  Fair value adjustment (see note 23)  (1,209)  (91)  (1,300)  Ending balance  15,683  625  16,308   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* In 2021, included within the investment properties (see note 12) were lands with a total amount of USD 625 thousand registered in the name of a former Director of the Group. The Group had obtained a proxy and has full control over these investment properties. These investment properties were sold during 2022 (see note 27).

In 2022, the Group sold the remaining plots with total carrying value of USD 625 thousand (2021: USD 1,128 thousand) and recognized a loss of USD 107 thousand (2021: loss of USD 8 thousand).

The fair values of investment properties have been determined by management and in doing so has considered a valuation performed by third parties who are specialists in valuing these types of investment properties. The valuation model used was in accordance with that recommended by the International  Valuation  Standards  Committee.  The  investment  properties  are  valued  using  the  sales  comparison  approach.  Under  the  sales  comparison approach, a property's fair value is estimated based on comparable transactions. The sales comparison approach is based upon the principle of substitution under which a potential buyer will not pay more for the property than it will cost to buy a comparable substitute property. The management believes that this valuation technique falls under level 3 of the fair value hierarchy since investment properties market is not very active.

The sensitivity of the Group financial statements to the change in the price used for the valuation of the investment properties was as the following:

| %  Price per  square meter  Impact on consolidated statement of income for  the change in price per square meter  Increase  Decrease  USD  USD '000  USD '000  Commercial building  2022  +/- 10  845  1,511  (1,511)  2021  +/- 10  875  1,565  (1,565)  2020  +/- 10  1,016  1,816  (1,816)  %  Price per  square meter  Impact on consolidated statement of income for  the change in price per square meter  Increase  Decrease  USD  USD '000  USD '000  Lands  2022  +/- 10  -  -  -  2021  +/- 10  168  62  (62)  2020  +/- 10  189  184  (184)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. PROPERTY, PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

| Office  buildings  Aircraft  Office  furniture  Computers  Equipment  Leasehold  improvements  Vehicles  Work in  progress  Right of use  assets  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Cost  At 1 January 2022  3,996  11,290  1,796  2,094  304  2,286  1,011  135  5,304  28,216  Additions  11  -  16  271  -  16  226  209  230  979  Transfers  -  -  10  143  -  26  -  (179)  -  -  Disposals  -  -  (2)  (18)  (23)  -  (109)  (2)  -  (154)  At 31 December 2022  4,007  11,290  1,820  2,490  281  2,328  1,128  163  5,534  29,041  Depreciation  At 1 January 2022  958  4,518  1,407  1,769  287  1,385  918  -  2,115  13,357  Deprecation for the year  64  903  70  243  7  233  71  -  797  2,388  Disposals  -  -  (2)  (18)  (23)  -  (109)  -  -  (152)  At 31 December 2022  1,022  5,421  1,475  1,994  271  1,618  880  -  2,912  15,593  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2022  2,985  5,869  345  496  10  710  248  163  2,622  13,448  Cost  At 1 January 2021  2,681  11,290  1,678  1,862  293  1,419  1,011  76  4,035  24,345  Additions  4  -  103  160  12  98  -  1,109  1,269  2,755  Transfers  1,311  -  116  94  2  838  -  (1,050)  -  1,311  Disposals  -  -  (101)  (22)  (3)  (69)  -  -  -  (195)  At 31 December 2021  3,996  11,290  1,796  2,094  304  2,286  1,011  135  5,304  28,216  Depreciation  At 1 January 2021  923  3,615  1,440  1,605  284  1,318  871  -  1,121  11,177  Deprecation for the year  35  903  42  186  6  102  47  -  994  2,315  Disposals  -  -  (75)  (22)  (3)  (35)  -  -  -  (135)  At 31 December 2021  958  4,518  1,407  1,769  287  1,385  918  -  2,115  13,357  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  3,038  6,772  389  325  17  901  93  135  3,189  14,859   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

The depreciation of the aircraft for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounting to USD 903 thousand (2021: USD 903 thousand) (2020: USD 906 thousand) was allocated proportionally between the other expenses and general and administrative expenses based on the flight hours of chartered trips and  business-related  trips,  respectively.  The  depreciation  and  amortization  (see  note  14)  charges  for  the  years  2022,  2021  and  2020  were  allocated  as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Property, premises and equipment depreciation charge for the year  2,388  2,315  1,875  Intangible assets amortization charge for the year (see note 14)  1,282  1,248  737  Aircraft depreciation allocated to other expenses (see note 24)  (660)  (750)  (632)  Total depreciation and amortization allocated to G&amp;A (see note 22)  3,010  2,813  1,980   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fully depreciated property, premises and equipment still in use amounted to USD 6,408 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 5,467 thousand).

## 14. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| 2022  2021  Computer  software /  licenses  Work in  progress  Goodwill  Total  Computer  software /  licenses  Work in  progress  Goodwill  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Cost  Beginning balance  7,437  6  41  7,484  6,584  -  -  6,584  Additions  11  506  -  517  853  6  41  900  Transfers  430  (430)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ending balance  7,878  82  41  8,001  7,437  6  41  7,484  Amortization and  impairment  Beginning balance  3,122  -  41  3,163  1,874  -  -  1,874  Additions  1,282  -  -  1,282  1,248  -  -  1,248  Impairment loss (see note 34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  41  41  Ending balance  4,404  -  41  4,445  3,122  -  41  3,163  Net carrying amount  3,474  82  -  3,556  4,315  6  -  4,321   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022

## 15. INSURANCE PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Payables due to insurance companies and intermediaries  8,746  5,004  Reinsurers - amounts due in respect of ceded premium  78,066  84,515  86,812  89,519   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. OTHER LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Accounts payable  10,234  11,259  Accrued expenses and other accruals  14,674  12,773  Lease liabilities*  3,074  3,753  Income tax payable  1,114  1,254  29,096  29,039   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Set out below are the carrying amount of the Group's lease liabilities and the movement during the year:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Opening balance  3,753  2,954  Additions  230  1,269  Interest expense (see note 22)  132  358  Payments  (1,041)  (783)  Foreign currency adjustment  -  (45)  Ending balance  3,074  3,753  Current  986  1,001  Non-current  2,088  2,752   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group used discount rates ranging between 2.8%-6.0% (2021: 1.5%-4.1%) and the amount of the undiscounted lease liabilities was USD 3,216 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 4,142 thousand).

## 17. DERVIATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITY

In connection with the Business Combination completed on 17 March 2020 (see note 33), the Group issued 17,250,000 warrants, including (i) 12,750,000  warrants  issued  to  former  stockholders  of  Tiberius  (the  'Public  Warrants')  and  (ii)  4,500,000  warrants  that  were  issued  in  exchange  for 4,000,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Wasef Jabsheh and 500,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Argo Re Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (the 'Private Warrants').

No Public or Private Warrants (together,  the  'Warrants')  have  been  exercised  or  redeemed  since  originally  issued  and  until  the date  of  these consolidated financial statements.

Upon initial recognition on 17 March 2020, the fair value of the Warrants has been determined using a combination of a market approach and valuation technique used by an independent third-party valuation specialist (for further details refer to note 33). Based on that, the estimated fair value of the Warrants was USD 9,210 thousand.

The Private Warrants are registered for resale on the Group's registration statement on Form F-3 and are freely tradable into the public market if holders want to sell them.

The Public Warrants and Private Warrants broadly have similar terms with certain differences in few features.

There are restrictions on the transfer of the Private Warrants. However, if they are transferred to an unrelated party, once a transfer is permitted the terms change such that they are identical to those of a Public Warrant. Accordingly, the Private Warrants are valued using the price as deemed equivalent to the fair value of the Public Warrants listed on Nasdaq.

The table below illustrates the movement on the Warrants during the year:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Fair value of Warrants at the beginning of the year  12,938  13,628  Change in fair value for the year  (2,933)  (690)  Fair value of Warrants at the end of the year  10,005  12,938   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. UNEARNED COMMISSIONS

The movement in unearned commissions in the consolidated statement of financial position is as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  As at 1 January  13,725  11,038  8,910  Commissions received  36,598  25,722  18,181  Commissions earned  (33,515)  (23,035)  (16,053)  As at 31 December  16,808  13,725  11,038   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. EQUITY

## Common shares

According to the Company's Bye-laws, the authorized share capital of the Group consists of 750,000,000 common shares, par value USD 0.01 per share, and 100,000,000 preference shares, par value USD 0.01 per share. As at 31 December 2022, the issued share capital was 48,986,609 (31 December 2021: 48,880,441) (including 3,012,500 common shares ('Earnout Shares') subject to vesting but which are issued and outstanding for purposes of voting and receipt of dividends), and no preference shares issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding common shares are fully paid.

The following table sets out the number of common shares issued and outstanding as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:

| 2022  No. of shares  Par value  USD '000  Common shares (par value of USD 0.01)  45,306,928  453  Earnout shares* (par value of USD 0.01)  3,012,500  30  Restricted shares awards (par value of USD 0.01) (see note 32)  667,181  7  Common shares issued  48,986,609  490   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  No. of shares  Par value  USD '000  Common shares (par value of USD 0.01)  45,471,084  455  Earnout shares* (par value of USD 0.01)  3,012,500  30  Restricted shares awards (par value of USD 0.01) (see note 32)  396,857  4  48,880,441  489   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Earnout Shares are subject to vesting at stock prices ranges from USD 11.50 to 15.25. The Earnout Shares are considered outstanding shares and have dividend and voting rights, however, the Earnout Shares are non-transferable by their holders until they vest and, if the Earnout Shares do not vest on or prior to 17 March 2028, they will be cancelled by the Company.

## Fair value reserve

The movement of this item is as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Balance at the beginning of the year  8,215  18,160  4,274  Net change in fair value reserve during the year for bonds at fair value through OCI, net of tax  (45,135)  (9,240)  11,481  Net change in fair value reserve during the year for equities at fair value through OCI  (1,940)  (819)  (71)  Realized gain on sale of equities at fair value through other comprehensive income  19  -  2,341  ECL (release) charge transferred to consolidated statement of income  (138)  114  135  Balance at the end of the year  (38,979 )  8,215  18,160   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency translation reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve is used to record the exchange difference arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries and associates to the Group's functional currency.

## 20. TREASURY SHARES

The former general shareholders of International General Insurance Holdings Limited - Dubai approved in its extraordinary meeting dated 24 November 2013 the purchase of the company's own shares up to 15% of the issued shares and to be treated as treasury shares in accordance with the applicable  DIFC  laws  and  regulations.  Pursuant  to  the  above  authorization,  2,350  thousand  treasury  shares  were  purchased  during  2019  which  were recorded at an amount of USD 5,053 thousand. Total treasury shares amount as at 31 December 2019 was USD 20,103 thousand. During 2020, Treasury shares were eliminated as part of the Business Combination Agreement.

On 23 May 2022, the Group announced that the Board of Directors has approved a repurchase authorization of up to 5 million of its issued and outstanding  common  shares.  This  authorization,  which  does  not  have  an  expiration  date,  replaced  the  Group's  prior  authorization  of  an  aggregate consideration of up to USD 5,000 thousand, which was terminated. The table below illustrates the movement on the treasury shares during the year:

| 2022  Number of  shares  USD '000  Balance at the beginning of the year  -  -  Purchases  310,542  2,394  Cancellation  (308,874)  (2,380)  Balance at the end of the year  1,668  14   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21. CASH DIVIDENDS

## Cash dividends declared and paid:

The Board of Directors resolved to pay the following dividends for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020:

- On 14 November 2022: USD 491 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.01)
- On 18 August 2022: USD 492 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.01)
- On 19 May 2022: USD 493 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.01)
- On 24 March 2022: USD 9,338 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.19)
- On 12 August 2021: USD 7,821 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.16)
- On 25 March 2021: USD 8,288 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.17)
- On 13 August 2020: USD 4,360 thousand (Dividend per share: USD 0.09)

There are no cash dividends declared but not paid as at 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## 22. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Human resources expenses  41,508  36,184  29,955  Business promotion, travel and entertainment  2,977  1,358  1,349  Statutory, advisory and rating  10,815  9,938  6,174  Information technology and software  4,387  3,123  2,719  Office operation  1,575  1,270  1,518  Depreciation and amortization (see note 13)  3,010  2,813  1,980  Impairment of goodwill (see note 34)  -  41  -  Interest expense arising from lease liabilities (see note 16)  132  358  203  Bank charges  244  128  122  Corporate expenses  2,805  3,733  2,903  67,453  58,946  46,923   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. NET INVESTMENT INCOME

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Interest income  20,381  14,049  12,169  Dividends from equities at FVTOCI  144  78  128  Dividends from equities at FVTPL  571  705  562  Realized gains and losses on investments  Realized loss on sale of bonds at FVTOCI  (619)  (88)  (411)  Realized (loss) gain on sale of FVTPL equities and mutual funds  (86)  396  1,599  Unrealized gains and losses on investments  Unrealized (loss) gain on revaluation of financial assets at FVTPL  (2,950)  3,089  (241)  Gains and losses from investments in properties  Realized loss on sale of investment properties  (107)  (8)  (213)  Fair value loss on investment properties (see note 12)  (574)  (1,300)  (2,007)  Rental income  156  163  190  Impairment and expected credit losses on investments  Reversal (charge) of expected credit loss on financial assets at FVOCI  138  (114)  (135)  Expected credit loss on financial assets at amortized cost  (166)  (66)  (129)  Investments custodian fees and other investments expenses  (524)  (870)  (1,545)  16,364  16,034  9,967   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At 31 December 2022

## 24. OTHER REVENUES (EXPENSES)

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Other revenues:  Chartered flights revenue  2,260  1,844  372  Gain on disposal of property, premises and equipment  26  -  -  2,286  1,844  372  Other expenses:  Aircraft operational cost  (2,168)  (1,883)  (1,260)  Aircraft depreciation expense (see note 13)  (660)  (750)  (632)  Loss on disposal of property, premises and equipment  -  (60)  -  (2,828 )  (2,693 )  (1,892 )   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. LISTING RELATED EXPENSES

Transaction costs incurred by the Group during 2020 mainly consist of professional fees (legal, accounting, etc.) and other miscellaneous cost that are directly related to the listing transaction.

Transaction costs amounting to USD 3,366 thousand were charged to the consolidated statement of income for the year ended 31 December 2020.

## 26. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

As of the date of the consolidated financial statements, the Group is contingently liable for the following:

- Letters of Credit amounting to USD 2,917 thousand to the order of reinsurance companies for collateralizing insurance contract liabilities in accordance with the reinsurance arrangements (31 December 2021: USD 6,550 thousand).
- Letter of Guarantee amounting to USD 292 thousand to the order of Friends Provident Life Assurance Limited for collateralizing a rent payment obligation in one of the Group entity's office premises (31 December 2021: USD 327 thousand).
- In 2021, the Group signed a legally non-binding agreement with the University of California, San Francisco Foundation to contribute an amount of USD 1,250 thousand in five instalments over five years to support cancer research projects. As at 31 December 2022, the Group has paid USD 500 thousand and the remaining three instalments amounted to USD 750 thousand shall be made equally over the years from 2023 to 2025.

## 27. RELATED PARTIES

Related parties represent major shareholders, associates, directors and  key management personnel of the Group and entities  controlled, jointly controlled or significantly influenced by such parties. Pricing policies and terms of these transactions are approved by the Group's management.

- Compensation of key management personnel of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022, consisting of salaries and benefits was USD 7,740 thousand (2021: USD 7,144 thousand) (2020: USD 5,764 thousand). Out of the total amount of key management personnel compensation,  an  amount  of  USD  1,906  thousand  (2021:  USD  1,352  thousand)  (2020:  USD  1,138  thousand)  represents  long-term benefits. Out of these long-term benefits in 2020, USD 887 thousand represent a phantom share option plan linked to the value of an ordinary share of the Group. The said plan was terminated during the year 2020 as a result of 'change in control' as defined in the plan whereby all outstanding phantom shares were immediately vested and exercisable on business combination date of 17 March 2020 (see note 33). All option holders have opted for cash payment of exercisable phantom shares per the terms of plan. In addition, USD 1906 thousand of long-term benefits represents earn out value of share-based expenses as of 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 1,352 thousand) (2020: USD 251 thousand) resulting from issuance of Restricted Shares Awards to key management personnel during the year pursuant to 'International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. '2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan' (see note 32).

Post completion of the Business Combination, the Group has reviewed its list of 'key management personnel' in accordance with IAS 24 (Related Party Disclosures) requirements and accordingly considered the persons who were named as executive officers of the company with Nasdaq as 'Key management personnel'. Those officers have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling the  activities  of  the  Group.  In  addition,  they  represent  the  Group's  executive  committee  which  acts  in  the  capacity  of  chief  operating decision maker (see note 31).

The aggregate amount of cash compensation paid and accrued to our non-employee directors during 2022 was USD 481 thousand (2021: USD 417 thousand) (2020: USD 454 thousand).

- In 2021, included within the investment properties (see note 12) were lands with a total amount of USD 625 thousand registered in the name of a former Director of the Group. The Group had obtained a proxy and has full control over these investment properties. These investment properties were sold during 2022.
- In  connection  with  the  Business  Combination  (see  note  33)  the  Group  issued  4,000,000  warrants  in  exchange  for  4,000,000  Tiberius warrants transferred to Wasef Jabsheh (the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors) (see note 17). As at 31 December 2022, none of the Warrants have been exercised or redeemed since originally issued.
- On 24 March 2022, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 149,377 restricted shares to Wasef Jabsheh (the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors) pursuant to the Group's 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (see note 32).

## 28. TAXATION

The components of income tax expense are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Current income tax:  Current income tax charge  2,592  2,052  2,374  Adjustments in respect of current income tax of prior years  (22)  97  (7)  Deferred tax:  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (308)  (402)  (292)  Income tax charge for the year  2,262  1,747  2,075   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax expense appearing in the consolidated statement of income relate to the following subsidiaries:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Income tax expense for IGI Labuan - current year  57  71  66  Corporate tax for IGI Casablanca (Representative Office) - current year  1  7  6  Income tax credits for North Star Underwriting Limited - current year  (22)  (21)  (9)  Income tax expense for IGI UK - current year  2,556  1,995  2,311  Income tax (credit) expense for IGI UK - prior years  (22)  97  (7)  Addition of deferred tax assets for IGI Europe  (308)  (347)  -  Release of deferred tax liabilities for IGI UK  -  (55)  (292)  Income tax charge for the year  2,262  1,747  2,075   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- According to the Labuan Business Activity Tax Law, Labuan registered entities are subject to 3% tax on the audited net profits. In 2022, IGI Labuan recorded tax expense of USD 57 thousand representing 3% of the audited net profits (2021: USD 71 thousand) (2020: USD 66 thousand).
- IGI Casablanca - Representative Office has no income sources. According to Casablanca Finance City Tax Code, regional offices are taxed at a rate of 10%. The taxable base is 5% of the operating cost.
- IGI UK and North Star Under Underwriting Limited are subject to corporate taxation in accordance with the UK Tax Law.
- An increase from the current 19% UK corporation tax rate to 25%, effective from 1 April 2023, was announced in the Budget on 3 March 2021 and enacted on 10 June 2021. As a result, UK deferred tax balances have been revalued to take this rate change into account, where relevant.

- I.G.I  Underwriting  is  a  tax-exempt  company  in  Jordan  as  its  main  business  activity  is  to  act  as  an  underwriting  agent  in  respect  of insurance and reinsurance business written outside Jordan.
- International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. is not subject to income tax according to the tax law in Bermuda.
- International General Insurance Co. Ltd is a tax-exempt company according to the tax law in Bermuda.
- International General Insurance Holdings Limited and International General Insurance Company (Dubai) Ltd. are not subject to income tax according to the tax law in UAE.
- International General Insurance Company (Europe) SE (IGI Europe) is subject to the normal standard rate in Malta of 35%.

Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by the applicable tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  2020  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  The Group profit before tax  87,727  45,443  29,326  Less: Profit related to non-taxable subsidiaries  (75,100)  (36,022)  (17,108)  Profit before tax for entities subject to corporate taxation  12,627  9,421  12,218  Profit multiplied by the standard rate of tax in the UK of 19% (2021:19%) (2020: 19%)  2,399  1,790  2,322  Net disallowed expenditure  (9)  (71)  (34)  Non-UK expenses not deductible for tax purposes / income not taxable  -  67  -  Fixed asset temporary differences not recognized for deferred tax  10  1  14  Other temporary differences not recognized for deferred tax  32  28  9  Adjustment in respect of prior years  (22)  97  (7)  Income tax credits for North Star Underwriting Limited - current year  -  -  (9)  IGI Labuan and IGI Casablanca current year tax charges  58  78  72  Other movements  -  1  -  Release of deferred tax liabilities for IGI UK  -  (55)  (292)  Difference in corporation tax rates  (206)  (189)  -  Income tax charge for the year  2,262  1,747  2,075   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is the breakdown of the deferred tax assets and liabilities:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Deferred tax assets  Deferred tax assets related to unabsorbed losses for IGI Europe  779  471  Deferred tax assets related to the change in fair value of bonds at fair value through OCI for IGI UK  4,877  -  5,656  471  Deferred tax liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities related to the change in fair value of bonds at fair value through OCI for IGI UK  -  14  -  14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The following is the movement on the deferred tax assets:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Balance at beginning of the year  471  -  Deferred tax assets resulting from acquisition of IGI Europe  -  124  Addition of deferred tax assets related to unabsorbed losses for IGI Europe  308  347  Addition of deferred tax assets related to the change in fair value of bonds at fair value through OCI for IGI UK  4,877  -  Ending balance  5,656  471   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is the movement on the deferred tax liabilities:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Balance at beginning of the year  (14)  (55)  Release of deferred tax liabilities for IGI UK  14  55  Addition of deferred tax liabilities related to the change in fair value of bonds at fair value through OCI for IGI UK  -  (14)  Ending balance  -  (14 )   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. RISK MANAGEMENT

The risks faced by the Group and the way these risks are mitigated by management are summarized below.

## Insurance risk

Insurance  risk  includes  the  risks  of  inappropriate  underwriting,  ineffective  management  of  underwriting,  inadequate  controls  over  exposure management in relation to catastrophic events and insufficient reserves for losses including claims incurred but not reported.

To manage this risk, the Group's underwriting function is conducted in accordance with a number of technical analytical protocols which include defined underwriting authorities, guidelines by class of business, rate monitoring and underwriting peer reviews.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The  Group  purchases  reinsurance  as  part  of  its  risk  mitigation  programmer.  Reinsurance  ceded  is  placed  on  both  a  proportional  and  non -proportional basis. The proportional reinsurance is quota-share reinsurance which is taken out to reduce the overall exposure of the Group to certain classes of business. Non-proportional reinsurance is primarily excess-of-loss reinsurance designed to mitigate the Group's net exposure to catastrophe losses  and  large  claims.  Retention  limits  for  the  excess-of-loss  reinsurance  vary  by  class  of  business.  Also,  a  significant  portion  of  the  reinsurance  is affected under the facultative reinsurance contracts to cover a single risk exposure.

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers are estimated in a manner consistent with the outstanding claims provision and are in accordance with the reinsurance contracts. Although the Group has reinsurance arrangements, it is not relieved of its direct obligations to its policyholders and thus a credit exposure  exists  with  respect  to  ceded  insurance,  to  the  extent  that  any  reinsurer  is  unable  to  meet  its  obligations  assumed  under  such  reinsurance agreements. The Group's placement of reinsurance is diversified such that it is neither dependent on a single reinsurer nor are the operations of the Group substantially dependent upon any single reinsurance contract.

The Group has in place effective exposure management systems. Aggregate exposure is modelled and tested against different stress scenarios to ensure adherence to the Group's overall risk appetite and alignment with reinsurance programs and underwriting strategies.

Loss reserve estimates are inherently uncertain. Reserves for unpaid losses are the largest single component of the liabilities of the Group. Actual losses that differ from the provisions, or revisions in the estimates, can have a material impact on future earnings and the statement of financial position. The Group has an in house experienced actuarial function who reviews and monitors the reserving policy and its implementation at quarterly intervals. They work closely with the underwriting and claims team to ensure an understanding of the Group's exposure and loss experience. In addition, the Group receives external independent analysis of its reserve requirements on an annual basis.

In order to minimize financial exposure arising from large claims, the Group, in the normal course of business, enters into contracts with other parties for reinsurance purposes. Such reinsurance arrangements provide for greater diversification of business, allow management to control exposure to potential  losses  arising  from  large  risks,  and  provide  additional  capacity  for  growth.  A  significant  portion  of  the  reinsurance  is  affected  under  treaty, facultative and excess-of-loss reinsurance contracts.

## Geographical concentration of risks

The Group's insurance risk based on geographical concentration of risk is illustrated in the table below:

| 2022  2021  2020  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  USD '000  %  USD '000  %  USD '000  %  Africa  32,692  6  27,749  5  20,956  5  Asia  54,684  9  55,816  10  37,398  8  Australasia  19,474  3  23,454  4  19,104  4  Caribbean Islands  30,438  5  30,244  6  15,964  3  Central America  25,332  4  28,166  5  37,442  8  Europe  51,734  9  48,780  9  59,972  13  Middle East  58,893  10  53,564  10  48,401  10  North America  61,646  11  32,773  6  22,553  5  South America  20,701  4  20,718  4  20,548  4  UK  189,975  33  197,090  36  158,381  34  Worldwide  36,278  6  27,228  5  26,554  6  581,847  545,582  467,273   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Line of business concentration of risk

The Group's insurance risk based on line of business concentration is illustrated in the table below:

| 2022  2021  2020  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  Percentage  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  Percentage  Gross written  premiums  Concentration  Percentage  USD '000  %  USD '000  %  USD '000  %  Professional Lines  191,287  33  190,038  35  157,487  34  Financial Institutions  28,648  5  36,176  6  39,442  8  Marine Liability  3,666  1  3,339  1  4,613  1  Inherent Defects Insurance  8,608  1  9,978  2  8,935  2  Energy  117,322  20  104,015  19  91,742  19  Property  88,074  15  79,085  14  69,912  15  Engineering  31,208  5  31,137  6  17,924  4  Aviation  21,872  4  20,348  4  23,002  5  Ports &amp; Terminals  27,263  5  29,600  5  25,875  6  Political Violence  11,461  2  9,263  2  8,271  2  Marine Cargo  10,533  2  5,091  1  752  -  Contingency  10,925  2  3,498  1  -  -  Reinsurance  30,980  5  24,014  4  19,318  4  581,847  545,582  467,273   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivities

The analysis below shows the estimated impact on gross and net insurance contracts claims liabilities and on profit before tax, of potential reserve deviations on ultimate claims development at gross and net level from that reported in the statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

In selecting the volatility factors, the Group has illustrated the sensitivity of the net claims to a standard variation in the gross outstanding claims. The choices of variation (7.5% and 5%) are illustrative but are consistent with what the Group would consider representative of a reasonable potential for variation. The illustrated variations do not represent limits of the potential variation and actual variation could significantly vary from the illustrated values.

| Gross Loss  Sensitivity  Factor  Impact of  increase on  gross  outstanding  claims  Impact of  decrease on  gross  outstanding  claims  Impact of  increase on net  outstanding  claims  Impact of  decrease on  net outstanding  claims  Impact of  increase on  profit before  tax  Impact of  decrease on  profit before  tax  %  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  2022  7.5  47,955  (47,955)  33,647  (33,645)  (33,647)  33,645  2022  5  31,970  (31,970)  22,432  (22,430)  (22,432)  22,430  2021  7.5  41,368  (41,368)  30,063  (30,061)  (30,063)  30,061  2021  5  27,579  (27,579)  20,043  (20,040)  (20,043)  20,040   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk

The Group's principal financial instruments are financial assets at fair value through OCI, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at amortized cost, receivables arising from insurance, investments in associates, investment properties and reinsurance contracts, and cash and cash equivalents.

The Group does not enter into derivative transactions.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk, market price risk and liquidity risk. The board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarized below.

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in interest rates will affect future profitability or the fair values of financial instruments. The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on certain of its investments and cash and cash equivalents. The Group limits interest rate risk by monitoring changes in interest rates in the currencies in which its cash and interest-bearing investments and borrowings are denominated.

Details of maturities of the major classes of financial assets are as follows:

| Less than  1 year  1 to 5 years  More than  5 years  Non-interest-  bearing items  Total  2022 -  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  25,438  25,438  Financial assets at FVOCI  73,591  356,179  59,311  18,209  507,290  Financial assets at amortized cost  1,994  -  -  -  1,994  Cash and term deposits  387,834  47,135  -  -  434,969  463,419  403,314  59,311  43,647  969,691  2021 -  Financial assets at FVTPL  -  -  -  28,539  28,539  Financial assets at FVOCI  43,978  261,293  113,174  20,767  439,212  Financial assets at amortized cost  2,471  -  -  -  2,471  Cash and term deposits  368,024  54,088  -  -  422,112  414,473  315,381  113,174  49,306  892,334   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of consolidated statement of income to reasonably possible changes in interest rates, with all other variables held constant.

The sensitivity of the consolidated statement of income is the effect of the assumed changes in interest rates on the Group's profit before tax for the year, based on the floating rate financial assets and financial liabilities held at 31 December.

| Decrease in  basis points  Effect on profit /  Equity before tax  for the year  USD '000  2022  - 25  (2,108)  - 50  (4,215)  2021  - 25  (1,593)  - 50  (3,186)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effect of increases in interest rates are expected to be equal and opposite to the effects of the decreases shown above.

## Foreign currency risk

Foreign  currency  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  of  future  cash  flows  of  financial  instruments  will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  foreign currency exchange rates.

The Group is exposed to currency risk mainly on insurance written premiums and incurred claims that are denominated in a currency other than the Group functional currency. The currencies in which these transactions are primarily denominated are Sterling (GBP) and Euro (EUR). As a significant portion of the Group's transactions are denominated in USD, this reduces currency risk. Intra Group transactions are primarily denominated in USD.

Part of the Group's monetary assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the Group and are subject to risks associated with currency exchange fluctuation. The Group reduces some of this currency exposure by maintaining some of its bank balances in foreign currencies in which some of its insurance payables are denominated.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in the USD exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group's profit before tax (due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities).

| Changes in  currency rate to  USD  Effect on  profit/Equity  before tax  for the year  %  USD '000  2022  EUR  +10  146  GBP  +10  (4,079)  2021  EUR  +10  606  GBP  +10  (5,567)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effect of decreases in exchange rates are expected to be equal and opposite to the effects of the increases shown above.

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will fail to discharge an obligation and cause the other party to incur a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk primarily from unpaid insurance receivables and fixed income instruments.

The Group has in place credit appraisal policies and procedures for inward business and receivables from insurance transactions are monitored on an ongoing basis to restrict the Group's exposure to doubtful debts.

The Group has in place security standards applicable to all reinsurance purchases and monitors the financial status of all reinsurance debtors at regular intervals.

The  Group's  portfolio  of  fixed  income  investments  is  managed  by  the  Investments  Committee  in  accordance  with  the  investment  policy established by the board of directors which has various credit standards for investments in fixed income securities.

Reinsurance and fixed income investments are monitored for the occurrence of a downgrade or other changes that might cause them to fall below the Group's security standards. If this occurs, management takes appropriate action to mitigate any loss to the Group.

The Group's bank balances are maintained with a range of international and local banks in accordance with limits set by the board of directors. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group. The table below provides information regarding the credit risk exposure of the Group by classifying assets according to the Group's credit rating of counterparties:

| Investment  grade  Non-  investment  grade  (satisfactory)  In course of  collection  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  2022  FVOCI - debts securities  486,574  2,507  -  489,081  Financial assets at amortized cost  -  1,994  -  1,994  Insurance receivables  -  116,319  68,528  184,847  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  188,391  432  -  188,823  Deferred excess of loss premiums  -  19,671  -  19,671  Cash and cash equivalents  99,538  38,405  -  137,943  Term deposits  263,381  33,645  -  297,026  1,037,884  212,973  68,528  1,319,385   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

| Investment  grade  Non-  investment  grade  (satisfactory)  In course of  collection  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  2021  FVOCI - debts securities  418,240  205  -  418,445  Financial assets at amortized cost  -  1,979  492  2,471  Insurance receivables  -  113,294  66,051  179,345  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  181,379  869  -  182,248  Deferred excess of loss premiums  -  17,238  -  17,238  Cash and cash equivalents  220,095  22,051  -  242,146  Term deposits  130,860  49,106  -  179,966  950,574  204,742  66,543  1,221,859   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For assets to be classified as 'past due and impaired' contractual payments are in arrears for more than 30 days for the debt instruments and 360 days for insurance receivables an impairment adjustment is recorded in the consolidated statement of income for this or when collectability of the amount is otherwise assessed as being doubtful. When the credit exposure is adequately secured, arrears more than 360 days might still be classified as 'past due but not impaired', with no impairment adjustment recorded.

The  schedule  below  shows  the  distribution  of  bonds  and  debt  securities  with  fixed  interest  rate  according  to  the  international  agencies classification:

| Rating grade  Bonds  Unquoted  bonds  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  2022  AAA  4,628  -  4,628  AA  45,513  -  45,513  A  289,431  -  289,431  BBB  147,002  -  147,002  BB  203  -  203  Not rated  2,304  1,994  4,298  Total  489,081  1,994  491,075   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Rating grade  Bonds  Unquoted  bonds  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  2021  AAA  3,363  -  3,363  AA  20,803  -  20,803  A  220,258  -  220,258  BBB  166,789  -  166,789  BB  7,027  -  7,027  B  205  -  205  Not rated  -  2,471  2,471  Total  418,445  2,471  420,916   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

The schedule below shows the geographical distribution of bonds and debt securities with fixed interest rate:

| Country  Total  2022  USD '000  Australia  9,723  Bahrain  4,008  Belgium  956  Bermuda  1,998  Canada  11,563  Chile  461  China  48,300  Finland  3,568  France  24,001  Germany  17,146  Hong Kong  3,200  India  2,870  Italy  1,943  Japan  12,566  Jordan  2,923  KSA  14,528  Kuwait  1,763  Malaysia  6,415  Mexico  1,576  Netherlands  7,475  Norway  1,927  Qatar  42,474  Singapore  8,601  South Korea  11,554  Spain  6,240  Sweden  3,574  Switzerland  9,763  Taiwan  2,415  UAE  31,429  UK  50,697  USA  145,418  Total  491,075   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

| Country  Total  2021  USD '000  Australia  9,632  Bahrain  4,618  Belgium  1,112  Bermuda  2,301  Canada  8,384  China  51,664  Finland  2,951  France  11,266  Germany  17,483  India  3,206  Japan  11,951  Jordan  2,471  KSA  15,042  Kuwait  3,464  Luxembourg  687  Malaysia  6,574  Mexico  2,326  Netherlands  5,051  Oman  1,122  Qatar  47,700  Russia  1,948  Singapore  3,069  South Korea  7,635  Spain  1,377  Sweden  2,528  Switzerland  5,063  Taiwan  2,991  UAE  18,388  UK  51,049  USA  113,308  Virgin Islands (British)  4,555  Total  420,916   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Market price risk

Market price risk is the risk that the value of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices (other than those arising from interest rate risk or currency risk), whether those changes are caused by factors specific to the individual security, or its issuer, or factors affecting all securities traded in the market.

The Group's equity price risk exposure relates to financial assets whose values will fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the profit for the period and the cumulative changes in fair value to reasonably possible changes in equity prices, with all other variables held constant. The effect of decreases in equity prices is expected to be equal and opposite to the effect of the increases shown.

| Change in  equity price  Effect on  profit before  tax for the  year  Effect on  Equity  2022  USD '000  USD '000  Amman Stock Exchange  +5%  40  40  Saudi Stock Exchange  +5%  -  389  Qatar Stock Exchange  +5%  46  46  Abu Dhabi Security Exchange  +5%  70  70  New York Stock Exchange  +5%  131  166  Kuwait Stock Exchange  +5%  -  7  London Stock Exchange  +5%  322  367  Other quoted  +5%  52  118   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Change in  equity price  Effect on  profit  before tax  for the year  Effect on  Equity  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Amman Stock Exchange  +5%  40  40  Saudi Stock Exchange  +5%  -  511  Qatar Stock Exchange  +5%  23  23  Abu Dhabi Security Exchange  +5%  76  76  New York Stock Exchange  +5%  175  202  Kuwait Stock Exchange  +5%  -  9  London Stock Exchange  +5%  330  382  Other quoted  +5%  782  871   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group also has unquoted investments carried at fair value determined based on valuation techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market data.

The Group limits market risk by maintaining a diversified portfolio and by monitoring of developments in equity markets.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its commitments associated with insurance contracts and financial liabilities as they fall due.

The Group continually monitors its cash and investments to ensure that the Group meets its liquidity requirements. The Group's asset allocation is designed to enable insurance liabilities to be met with current assets.

All liabilities are non-interest bearing liabilities, except for the lease liabilities accounted for under IFRS 16 'Leases'.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Group's financial liabilities at 31 December based on contractual undiscounted payments:

| Less than  one year  More than  one year  Total  2022  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Gross outstanding claims  268,356  366,214  634,570  Gross unearned premiums  268,010  86,022  354,032  Insurance payables  81,812  5,000  86,812  Other liabilities  27,057  2,181  29,238  Derivative financial liability*  -  10,005  10,005  Unearned commissions  15,927  881  16,808  Total liabilities  661,162  470,303  1,131,465  2021  Gross outstanding claims  210,691  365,208  575,899  Gross unearned premiums  251,691  77,035  328,726  Insurance payables  84,519  5,000  89,519  Other liabilities  26,357  3,071  29,428  Derivative financial liability*  -  12,938  12,938  Unearned commissions  12,285  1,440  13,725  Total liabilities  585,543  464,692  1,050,235   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* There is no contractual obligation to settle the Warrants in cash.

## Maturity analysis of assets and liabilities

The table below shows analysis of assets and liabilities analyzed according to when they are expected to be recovered or settled:

| 2022  Less than  one year  More than  one year  No term  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  122,143  15,800  -  137,943  Term deposits  265,691  31,335  -  297,026  Insurance receivables  179,229  5,618  -  184,847  Investments  75,585  415,490  43,647  534,722  Investments in associates  -  -  6,049  6,049  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  91,520  97,303  -  188,823  Reinsurance share of unearned premiums  67,772  2,747  -  70,519  Deferred excess of loss premiums  19,671  -  -  19,671  Deferred policy acquisition costs  45,961  23,431  -  69,392  Deferred tax assets  419  5,237  -  5,656  Other assets  14,325  -  -  14,325  Investment properties  -  -  15,119  15,119  Property, premises and equipment  -  13,448  -  13,448  Intangible assets  -  3,556  -  3,556  TOTAL ASSETS  882,316  613,965  64,815  1,561,096  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  LIABILITIES  Gross outstanding claims  268,356  366,214  -  634,570  Gross unearned premiums  268,010  86,022  -  354,032  Insurance payables  81,812  5,000  -  86,812  Other liabilities  27,008  2,088  -  29,096  Derivative financial liability  -  10,005  -  10,005  Unearned commissions  15,927  881  -  16,808  TOTAL LIABILITIES  661,113  470,210  -  1,131,323  EQUITY  Common shares at par value  -  -  490  490  Share premium  -  -  159,918  159,918  Treasury shares  -  -  (14)  (14)  Foreign currency translation reserve  -  -  1,083  1,083  Fair value reserve  -  -  (38,979)  (38,979)  Retained earnings  -  -  307,275  307,275  TOTAL EQUITY  -  -  429,773  429,773  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  661,113  470,210  429,773  1,561,096   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

| 2021  Less than  one year  More than  one year  No term  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  231,746  10,400  -  242,146  Term deposits  136,278  43,688  -  179,966  Insurance receivables  171,132  8,213  -  179,345  Investments  44,470  376,446  49,306  470,222  Investments in associates  -  -  5,693  5,693  Reinsurance share of outstanding claims  71,199  111,049  -  182,248  Reinsurance share of unearned premiums  59,235  4,889  -  64,124  Deferred excess of loss premiums  17,206  32  -  17,238  Deferred policy acquisition costs  43,785  21,057  -  64,842  Deferred tax assets  45  426  -  471  Other assets  9,942  -  -  9,942  Investment properties  -  -  16,308  16,308  Property, premises and equipment  -  14,859  -  14,859  Intangible assets  -  4,321  -  4,321  TOTAL ASSETS  785,038  595,380  71,307  1,451,725  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  LIABILITIES  Gross outstanding claims  210,691  365,208  -  575,899  Gross unearned premiums  251,691  77,035  -  328,726  Insurance payables  84,519  5,000  -  89,519  Other liabilities  26,287  2,752  -  29,039  Derivative financial liability  -  12,938  -  12,938  Deferred tax liabilities  -  14  -  14  Unearned commissions  12,285  1,440  -  13,725  TOTAL LIABILITIES  585,473  464,387  -  1,049,860  EQUITY  Common shares at par value  -  -  489  489  Share premium  -  -  159,545  159,545  Foreign currency translation reserve  -  -  992  992  Fair value reserve  -  -  8,215  8,215  Retained earnings  -  -  232,624  232,624  TOTAL EQUITY  -  -  401,865  401,865  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  585,473  464,387  401,865  1,451,725   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

## Capital management

The Group manages its capital by 'Enterprise Risk Management' techniques, using a dynamic financial analysis model. The Asset Liability match is reviewed and monitored on a regular basis to maintain a strong credit rating and healthy capital adequacy ratios to support its business objectives and maximize shareholders' value.

Adjustments to capital levels are made in light of changes in market conditions and risk characteristics of the Group's activities.

Capital comprises issued share capital, common shares, share premium, additional paid in capital, treasury shares, foreign currency translation reserve, fair value reserve, and retained earnings and is measured at USD 429,773 thousand as at 31 December 2022 (2021: USD 401,865 thousand).

The capital requirements imposed on the Group's regulated entities are as follows:

## International General Insurance Co. Ltd (Bermuda)

The Bermuda Insurance Act 1978 and Related Regulations (the Act) requires the Company to meet a minimum solvency margin. The Company has met the minimum solvency margin requirement at 31 December 2022 and 2021. In addition, a minimum liquidity ratio must be maintained whereby relevant assets, as defined by the Act, must exceed 75% of relevant liabilities. This ratio was met at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

Under the Insurance Act, the Company is subject to capital requirements calculated using the Bermuda Solvency and Capital Requirement model ('BSCR model'), which is a standardized statutory risk-based capital model used to measure the risk associated with the Company's assets, liabilities and premiums. Under the BSCR model, the Company's required statutory capital and surplus is referred to as the enhanced capital requirement ('ECR'). The Company is required to calculate and submit the ECR to the Bermuda Monetary authority ('BMA') annually. Following receipt of the submission of the Company's ECR, the BMA has the authority to impose additional capital requirements or capital add-ons, if it deems necessary. If an insurer fails to maintain or meet its ECR, the BMA may take various degrees of regulatory action. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Company met its ECR.

## International General Insurance Company (UK) Limited

The Company is regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority ('PRA') and is subject to insurance solvency regulations which specify the minimum amount and type of capital that must be held in addition to the insurance liabilities.

Since 1 January 2016 the Company has been subject to the Solvency II regime and is required to meet a Solvency Coverage Ratio ('SCR') which is calibrated to seek to ensure a 99.5% confidence of the ability to meet its obligations over a 12-month time horizon. The Company calculates its SCR in accordance with the standard formula prescribed in the Solvency II regulations as the assumptions underlying the standard formula are considered to be a good fit for the Company's risk profile.

The Company has met all requirements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

## International General Insurance Company Ltd. Labuan Branch

The Branch is subjected to minimum capital requirements under the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010.

The Branch monitors  and  ensures  its  capital  is  within  the  minimum  solvency  margins  requirements  under  the  Labuan  Financial  Services  and Securities Act 2010 at all times. If there are any, large event which will affect the Branch's ability to maintain solvency margins requirements, the Branch will notify the head office to cash call in advance.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Branch met the minimum solvency margin requirements.

International General Insurance Company (Europe) SE

The Company is regulated by the Malta Financial Services Authority.

The company is subject to the Solvency II regime and is required to meet a Solvency Coverage Ratio (SCR) which is calibrated to seek to ensure a 99.5% confidence of the ability to meet its obligations over a 12-month time horizon. The Company calculates its SCR in accordance with the standard formula prescribed in the Solvency II regulations as the assumptions underlying the standard formula are considered to be a good fit for the Company's risk profile.

The Company has met all requirements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## Fair value

The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation techniques:

Level 1: Quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level  2: Other  techniques  for  which  all  inputs  which  have  a  significant  effect  on  the  recorded  fair  value  are  observable,  either  directly  or indirectly; and

Level 3: Techniques which use inputs which have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable market data.

| 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Assets measured at fair value:  FVTPL  13,201  12,237  -  25,438  Quoted equities at FVOCI  10,845  -  -  10,845  Quoted bonds at FVOCI  100,966  388,115  -  489,081  Unquoted equities at FVOCI*  -  -  7,364  7,364  Investment properties  -  -  15,119  15,119  125,012  400,352  22,483  547,847  Liabilities measured at fair value:  Derivative financial liability  -  10,005  -  10,005   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

During 2022, the management started to use a set of standard rules that are designed to function as market consensus for determining fair value levels. Accordingly, quoted bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income amounting to USD 223,958 thousand were transferred from level 1 to level 2 as at 31 December 2022. In addition, quoted bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income amounting to USD 1,576 thousand were transferred from level 2 to level 1 as at 31 December 2022. These transfers between levels 1 and 2 occur depending on the input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the financial assets.

There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year 2022.

| 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Assets measured at fair value:  FVTPL  14,162  14,377  -  28,539  Quoted equities at FVOCI  13,721  -  -  13,721  Quoted bonds at FVOCI  356,141  62,304  -  418,445  Unquoted equities at FVOCI*  -  -  7,046  7,046  Investment properties  -  -  16,308  16,308  384,024  76,681  23,354  484,059  Liabilities measured at fair value:  Derivative financial liability  -  12,938  -  12,938   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  management  has  refined  the  criteria  for  financial  assets  being  allocated  to  level  1,  accordingly,  USD  14,377  thousand  and  USD  62,304 thousand of financial assets through profit or loss and quoted bonds at fair value through other comprehensive income, respectively, were transferred out of level 1 to level 2.

Derivative financial liability was transferred from level 1 to level 2 due to lack of sufficient trading volume at year end 2021.

There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year 2021.

* Reconciliation of fair value of the unquoted equities under level 3 fair value hierarchy is as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Balance at the beginning of the year  7,046  6,748  Total gains recognized in OCI  318  298  Balance at the end of the year  7,364  7,046   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share represents the profits attributable to the ordinary shareholders divided by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods.

Diluted earnings per share represents the profits attributable to the ordinary shareholders divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period plus the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

As at 31 December 2022, the earnout shares and restricted share awards were unvested, however, since these shares contain a nonforfeitable rights to  dividends,  whether  paid  or  unpaid,  they  are  considered  as  participating  securities  and  hence  included  in  the  computation  of  both  basic  and  diluted earnings per share.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

At  the  closing  of  the  Business  Combination  the  Company  issued  17,250,000  warrants,  including  (i)  12,750,000  warrants  issued  to  former stockholders of Tiberius and (ii) 4,500,000 warrants that were issued in exchange for 4,000,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Wasef Jabsheh and 500,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Argo Re Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (see note 17 and 33). The Warrants were not included in the calculation of the diluted earnings per shares, as the average market price of ordinary shares during the year has not exceeded the exercise price of the Warrants and therefore their effect would be antidilutive.

The following table shows the calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020.

The following table reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted EPS calculations:

| 2022  2021  2020  Profit for the year (USD '000)  85,465  43,696  27,251  Less: profit attributable to the Earnout Shares (USD '000)  5,256  2,693  1,690  Less: profit attributable to the Restricted Shares Awards (USD '000)  1,164  355  75  Net profit available to common shareholders (USD '000)  79,045  40,648  25,486  Weighted average number of shares - basic and diluted  45,546,272  45,470,961  43,047,915  Basic and diluted earnings per share (USD)  1.74  0.89  0.59   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  Group's  chief  operating  decision  maker  ('CODM')  is  the  Executive  Committee,  which  periodically  reviews  financial  information  at  the business line level. Each of the business lines in which the Group operates are considered operating segments.

The Group has aggregated operating segments into the following reporting segments for the purposes of its consolidated financial statements:

- 1) Specialty Long tail (comprising business lines with underwriting risks assumed in form of liability insurance and of a long-term nature with respect to related claims).
- 2) Specialty Short tail (comprising business lines with underwriting risks assumed in the form of property and specialty line insurance and of short-term nature with respect to related claims).
- 3) Reinsurance which covers the inward reinsurance treaty and is a single operating segment.

The Group is of the view that the quantitative and qualitative aspects of the aggregated operating segments are similar in nature for all periods presented. In evaluating the appropriateness of aggregating operating segments, the key indicators considered included but were not limited to: (i) nature of products,  (ii)  similarities  of  customer  base,  products,  underwriting  processes  and  outward  reinsurance  processes,  (iii)  regulatory  environments  and  (iv) distribution methods.

Segment performance is evaluated based on net underwriting results and is measured consistently with the overall net underwriting results in the consolidated financial statements.

The  Group  also  has  general  and  administrative  expenses,  net  investment  income,  share  of  profit  (loss)  from  associates,  gain/loss  on  foreign exchange, impairment loss on insurance receivables, other expenses/revenues, listing related expenses, change in fair value of derivative financial liability and tax expense. These financial items are presented under 'Corporate and Other' in the tables below as the Group does not allocate them to individual reporting segments.

## (a) Segment disclosure for the Group's consolidated operations is as follows:

| Specialty  Long tail  Specialty  Short tail  Reinsurance  Sub Total  Corporate  and Other  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Underwriting revenues  Gross written premiums  232,209  318,658  30,980  581,847  -  581,847  Reinsurer's share of insurance premiums  (64,115)  (122,368)  -  (186,483)  -  (186,483)  Net written premiums  168,094  196,290  30,980  395,364  -  395,364  Net change in unearned premiums  (685)  (17,503)  (723)  (18,911)  -  (18,911)  Net premiums earned  167,409  178,787  30,257  376,453  -  376,453  Underwriting deductions  Net policy acquisition expenses  (33,103)  (31,555)  (5,587)  (70,245)  -  (70,245)  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (50,599)  (89,994)  (17,107)  (157,700)  -  (157,700)  Net underwriting results  83,707  57,238  7,563  148,508  -  148,508  General and administrative expenses  -  -  -  -  (67,453)  (67,453)  Net investment income  -  -  -  -  16,364  16,364  Share of profit from associates  -  -  -  -  209  209  Impairment loss on insurance receivables  -  -  -  -  (3,154)  (3,154)  Other revenues  -  -  -  -  2,286  2,286  Other expenses  -  -  -  -  (2,828)  (2,828)  Change in fair value of derivative financial  liability  -  -  -  -  2,933  2,933  Loss on foreign exchange  -  -  -  -  (9,138)  (9,138)  Profit (loss) before tax  83,707  57,238  7,563  148,508  (60,781)  87,727  Income tax  -  -  -  -  (2,262)  (2,262)  Profit for the year  83,707  57,238  7,563  148,508  (63,043 )  85,465   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

| 2021  Specialty  Long tail  Specialty  Short tail  Reinsurance  Sub Total  Corporate  and Other  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Underwriting revenues  Gross written premiums  239,531  282,037  24,014  545,582  -  545,582  Reinsurer's share of insurance premiums  (61,808)  (101,165)  -  (162,973)  -  (162,973)  Net written premiums  177,723  180,872  24,014  382,609  -  382,609  Net change in unearned premiums  (10,209)  (26,865)  (337)  (37,411)  -  (37,411)  Net premiums earned  167,514  154,007  23,677  345,198  -  345,198  Underwriting deductions  Net policy acquisition expenses  (30,498)  (28,766)  (3,902)  (63,166)  -  (63,166)  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (86,196)  (72,599)  (17,397)  (176,192)  -  (176,192)  Net underwriting results  50,820  52,642  2,378  105,840  -  105,840  General and administrative expenses  -  -  -  -  (58,946)  (58,946)  Net investment income  -  -  -  -  16,034  16,034  Share of loss from associates  -  -  -  -  (7,248)  (7,248)  Impairment loss on insurance receivables  -  -  -  -  (5,181)  (5,181)  Other revenues  -  -  -  -  1,844  1,844  Other expenses  -  -  -  -  (2,693)  (2,693)  Change in fair value of derivative financial  liability  -  -  -  -  690  690  Loss on foreign exchange  -  -  -  -  (4,897)  (4,897)  Profit (loss) before tax  50,820  52,642  2,378  105,840  (60,397)  45,443  Income tax  -  -  -  -  (1,747)  (1,747)  Profit for the year  50,820  52,642  2,378  105,840  (62,144 )  43,696   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

| 2020  Specialty  Long tail  Specialty  Short tail  Reinsurance  Sub Total  Corporate  and Other  Total  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Underwriting revenues  Gross written premiums  210,477  237,478  19,318  467,273  -  467,273  Reinsurer's share of insurance premiums  (37,182)  (91,681)  -  (128,863)  -  (128,863)  Net written premiums  173,295  145,797  19,318  338,410  -  338,410  Net change in unearned premiums  (31,880)  (22,588)  (426)  (54,894)  -  (54,894)  Net premiums earned  141,415  123,209  18,892  283,516  -  283,516  Underwriting deductions  Net policy acquisition expenses  (27,079)  (24,316)  (3,095)  (54,490)  -  (54,490)  Net claims and claim adjustment expenses  (88,776)  (56,614)  (6,282)  (151,672)  -  (151,672)  Net underwriting results  25,560  42,279  9,515  77,354  -  77,354  General and administrative expenses  -  -  -  -  (46,923)  (46,923)  Net investment income  -  -  -  -  9,967  9,967  Share of loss from associates  -  -  -  -  (1,479)  (1,479)  Impairment loss on insurance receivables  -  -  -  -  (2,861)  (2,861)  Other revenues  -  -  -  -  372  372  Other expenses  -  -  -  -  (1,892)  (1,892)  Listing related expenses  -  -  -  -  (3,366)  (3,366)  Change in fair value of derivative financial  liability  -  -  -  -  (4,418)  (4,418)  Gain on foreign exchange  -  -  -  -  2,572  2,572  Profit (loss) before tax  25,560  42,279  9,515  77,354  (48,028)  29,326  Income tax  -  -  -  -  (2,075)  (2,075)  Profit for the year  25,560  42,279  9,515  77,354  (50,103 )  27,251   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## (b) Non - current operating assets information by geography for years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  USD '000  USD '000  Middle East  29,334  32,165  North Africa  203  301  UK  2,470  2,968  Asia  8  31  Europe  20  23  North America  88  -  32,123  35,488   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non-current assets for this purpose consist of property, premises and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets.

## 32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

On 3 June 2020, the Board of Directors approved the Group's share-based employee compensation plan, the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan ('the Plan'). Under the Plan, the following awards may be granted:

- Options to buy Common Shares ('Stock Options'), which may be either incentive stock options ('Incentive Stock Options' or 'ISOs') qualified  under  Section  422  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  amended  (the  'Code'),  or  non-qualified  stock  options  ('NonQualified Stock Options' or 'NQSOs'), which do not satisfy the requirements of Incentive Stock Options;
- Share appreciation rights ('SARs') (including tandem, non-tandem and limited SARs);
- Restricted share awards ('Restricted Share Awards');
- Performance awards denominated in Common Shares or cash ('Performance Awards');
- Other share-based awards ('Other Share-Based Awards'), including but not limited to restricted share units ('RSUs'); and
- Other cash-based awards ('Other Cash-Based Awards').

Grant  date  fair  values  represent  the  closing  quoted  prices  of  the  Company's  share  on  Nasdaq  on  the  dates  when  awards  were  officially communicated to the participants and shall be applicable for all the three vesting tranches.

Participant's continued service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on each applicable vesting date is the only vesting condition to be met. There is no other performance related condition attached to the vesting of shares.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The movement on the number of restricted shares during the year is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Balance at 1 January  396,857  134,500  Restricted shares granted  428,377  312,190  Restricted shares vested  (146,386)  (44,833)  Restricted shares forfeited  (11,667)  (5,000)  Balance at 31 December  667,181  396,857   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has applied the graded vesting method in recognition of share-based payment expense. Accordingly, the Company has assessed the expected length of service period from date of shares grant until end of each vesting period respectively and considered this to determine proportionate earnout shares at 31 December 2022 and 2021 attributed to each vesting tranche.

Number of earnout shares to be considered for accounting purposes at year end for each tranche are as follow:

| Earn out shares  Grant  Days from  grant date  From first  vesting  (tranche 1)  From second  vesting  (tranche 2)  From third  vesting  (tranche 3)  Total  31 December 2022  7 October 2020 grant  816  -  (1,926)  20,005  18,079  16 February 2021 grant  684  374  29,601  19,668  49,643  31 March 2021 grant  641  317  25,013  15,955  41,285  9 February 2022 grant  326  90,454  43,602  29,051  163,107  24 March 2022 grant  283  49,443  21,679  13,869  84,991  Total  140,588  117,969  98,548  357,105  31 December 2021  7 October 2020 grant  451  1,019  33,635  18,627  53,281  16 February 2021 grant  319  59,626  27,901  18,211  105,738  31 March 2021 grant  276  43,746  18,914  12,065  74,725  Total  104,391  80,450  48,903  233,744   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Accordingly, total earnout shares of 357,105 at 31 December 2022 (2021: 233,744) are measured at the shares grant date fair value to arrive at expense recognized for the share-based payment. For the year ended 31 December 2022, share-based payments expense of USD 2,754 thousand (2021: USD 1,871 thousand) (2020: USD 450 thousand) was recorded in the consolidated statement of income with a corresponding credit to common shares and share premium as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

## 33. BUSINESS COMBINATION

On 17 March 2020, the definitive business agreement between International General Insurance Holdings Limited - Dubai ('IGI') and Tiberius Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: TIBR) ('Tiberius'), a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company, and certain related parties, was effective (the 'Business Combination'). As a result of the completion of the Business Combination, the Company became a new public company owned by the former stockholders of Tiberius and the former shareholders of IGI. Consequently, IGI and Tiberius became the Company's subsidiaries.

Furthermore, in accordance with the Business Combination, USD 80,000 thousand of the transaction consideration was paid in cash to IGI former shareholders and accounted for as an adjustment against share premium in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

At the closing of the Business Combination, the Company:

- 1) Issued (1) 29,759,999 common shares to former shareholders of IGI in exchange for their IGI shares and (2) 18,687,307 common shares to former stockholders of Tiberius, including (I) 9,339,924 common shares issued in exchange for public shares of Tiberius common stock that remained outstanding and not redeemed immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, (ii) 4,132,500 common shares issued in exchange for Tiberius founder shares, including 3,012,500 common shares ('Earnout Shares') subject to vesting at prices ranging from USD 11.50 to USD 15.25 per share, (iii) 2,900,000 common shares issued in exchange for shares of Tiberius common stock that were issued to certain investors in a private placement pursuant to forward purchase agreements, and (iv) 2,314,883 common shares issued in exchange for shares of Tiberius common stock that were issued to certain investors in a private placement.

In  connection  with  the  finalization  of  the  purchase  price  under  the  Business  Combination  Agreement,  all  escrow  shares  issued  to  former shareholders of IGI were released from escrow and 8,555 shares were cancelled. Following the cancellation, the Group has 48,438,751 shares outstanding (including the 3,012,500 unvested shares).

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business Combination, out of total Earnout Shares issued to Tiberius founder shareholders, 1,170,348 shares were transferred to certain former shareholders of IGI.

The following table sets out the number of common shares issued in connection with the Business Combination:

| 2020  No. of shares  Par value of  0.01 USD  USD '000  Common shares issued to former shareholders of IGI  29,751,444  298  Common shares issued to former stockholders of Tiberius *  15,674,807  157  Unvested shares transferred to certain former shareholders of IGI  1,170,348  12  Unvested Tiberius Founder shares  1,842,152  18  48,438,751  485   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This item Includes 1,120,000 shares subject to one year lock-up restriction post Business Combination closing date.

- 2) In addition, on 17 March 2020 the Company issued 17,250,000 warrants, including (a) 12,750,000 warrants issued to former stockholders of Tiberius and (ii) 4,500,000 warrants that were issued in exchange for 4,000,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Wasef Jabsheh and 500,000 Tiberius warrants transferred to Argo Re Ltd., a Bermuda exempted company (see note 17).
- 3) Eliminated  IGI  issued  share  capital  in  the  amount  of  USD  143,376  thousand  that  ceased  to  exist  upon  consummation  of  the  Business Combination.
- 4) Eliminated IGI treasury shares in the amount of USD 20,103 thousand.
- 5) Eliminated IGI additional paid in capital in the amount of USD 2,773 thousand.
- 6) Adjusted the share premium as a result of the issuance of the common shares and warrants.

## Accounting for the Business Combination

The transaction is accounted for as a continuation of International General Insurance Holdings Limited - Dubai ('IGI'). Under this method of accounting, while the Company is the legal acquirer of both IGI and Tiberius, IGI has been identified as the accounting acquirer of Tiberius for accounting purposes. This determination was primarily based on IGI comprising the ongoing operations of the combined company, IGI senior management comprising the senior management of the combined company, and the former owners and management of IGI having control of the board of directors following the consummation of the transaction by virtue of being able to appoint a majority of the directors of the combined company. As Tiberius does not meet the definition of a business as defined in IFRS 3 - Business Combinations ('IFRS 3'), the purchase of the shares of the former owners of Tiberius is not within the scope of IFRS 3 and is accounted for as a share-based payment transaction in accordance with IFRS 2- Share-based payments ('IFRS 2'). Hence, the transaction was accounted for as the continuance of IGI with recognition of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed of Tiberius at fair value. Operations prior to the transaction are those of IGI from an accounting point of view.

## Fair value measurement of the equity instruments issued in connection with the Business Combination

In connection with the business combination, equity instruments that were issued as a share-based consideration to Tiberius were as follows:

- (a) Quoted common shares
- (b) Founder shares subject to a one year lock-up restriction
- (c) Earnout shares subject to vesting at differential price range

Under IFRS 2, fair values of above-mentioned equity instruments issued to Tiberius was compared to fair value of Tiberius identifiable net assets acquired (representing net cash received by IGI and its former shareholders net of the liabilities assumed by IGI in the form of the Public Warrants which represent financial instruments issued to former stockholders of Tiberius) in order to determine gain or loss on acquisition on 17 March 2020 (the valuation date).

In order to assess the appropriateness of using the closing quoted market price of Tiberius common stock on Nasdaq as a representative of the fair value of the common shares on the valuation date, management has performed liquidity assessment of Tiberius stock prior to the Business Combination from 11 March 2020 (being the last date of redemption rights available to Tiberius shareholders) until the valuation date.

Management does not consider the quoted Tiberius price to be an appropriate representation of fair value based on the illiquidity observed in the quoted price over the period.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

Instead, management has appointed an independent third-party valuation specialist to perform a valuation using a market approach to estimate the fair  value  of  equity  instruments  issued  to  Tiberius's  stockholders.  Accordingly,  as  an  alternative  valuation  technique,  IGI  Common  Shares  ('Common Shares')  were  valued  using  a  market  multiples  approach,  namely  'Price-  To-  Book  ratio'  multiples  benchmarked  against  'Return  on  Equity'  and consequentially corroborated using 'Price -To- Earnings' multiples of each comparable company.

For  the  shares  that  are  subject  to  one-year  transfer  restriction,  fair  value  is  determined  after  applying  a  lock  -  in  discount  to  the  fair  value determined for the common shares.

For purposes of determining the fair value of the Earnout Shares, a 'Monte Carlo' simulation approach was adopted to address the uncertainty of the time at which the shares will vest. In addition, this approach considers the share price as at the closing date, the threshold price, expected volatility (estimated using historical share price movements of comparable companies), expected dividend yield, the risk-free rate, and the earnout period.

Based on the above, the following table summarizes the fair value of the equity instruments issued to Tiberius stockholders in connection with the Business Combination based on a market approach valuation:

| 2020  Equity Instruments  No. of  shares/  warrants  Fair value  per share/  warrant  Fair value  USD  USD '000  Common shares  14,554,807  6.85  99,715  Vested Founder shares subject to one year lock-up restriction post Business Combination closing  date  1,120,000  6.39  7,156  Unvested Tiberius Founder shares  1,842,152  3.48  6,407  ## Total Value of Consideration  113,278   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under IFRS 2, the transaction is measured at the fair value of the common shares deemed to have been issued by IGI for the ownership interest in the Company to be the same as if the transaction had taken the legal form of IGI acquiring 100% of Tiberius. The difference between the fair value equity instruments (common shares) 'Value of Consideration' issued by IGI to Tiberius and the fair value of the later identifiable net assets acquired (representing net cash received by IGI and its former shareholders net of the liabilities assumed by IGI in the form of the Public Warrants which represent financial instruments issued to former stockholders of Tiberius) represents a bargain purchase. However, since transaction is accounted for under IFRS 2 and the outcome of fair value measurement represents a 'bargain' and not an 'expense', there is no listing expense to be recognized for the services received by IGI in connection with the transaction.

Using the fair valuation of the Common Shares (discussed above) as an input, the Public Warrants were valued as 'American-style' call options using a binomial tree approach on the valuation date.

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## At 31 December 2022

The details of Tiberius net assets acquired are shown below:

| Description  USD '000  Cash proceeds received  120,821  Less: liabilities assumed in the form of the Public Warrants (12,750,000 Public Warrants at fair value of USD 0.53 per warrant)  (6,807)  Net assets acquired  114,014   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table illustrates the difference between the total Value of Consideration and net assets acquired at the closing date of the Business Combination.

| Description  USD '000  Value of Consideration  113,278  Less: net assets acquired  (114,014)  Bargain  (736 )   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Listing Related Expenses

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group incurred listing expenses in the amount of USD 3,366 thousand which mainly consist of professional fees (legal, accounting, etc.) and other miscellaneous costs that are directly related to the listing transaction.

## 34. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

Following  the  United  Kingdom's  ('UK')  decision  to  withdraw  from  the  European  Union  ('EU')  ('Brexit'),  the  U.K.  began  a  process  of 'onshoring' EU legislation whereby the UK replicated EU law in UK legislation and regulation and then amended it so that it would be operationally effective following the end of the Brexit transition period on December 31, 2020. As an automatic consequence of the UK's departure from the EU's single market, passporting rights to and from the UK ended at the end of the transition period. Passporting is the exercise of the right available to a firm authorized in one European Economic Area ('EEA') member state to carry on certain activities covered by an EU single market directive in another EEA member state, on the basis of its home state authorization. For firms based in the UK, this means the loss of access to EU markets. As of the end of the transition period, the Group's subsidiary in UK has lost its passporting rights in the EU, such that it can no longer write insurance business in EEA countries under the 'freedom of services' regime or write insurance business through a place of business in an EEA member state under the 'freedom of establishment' regime using the rights contained in the European Council's Solvency II Directive.

In response to Brexit, the Group developed a contingency plan to ensure that it will be able to continue to provide insurance services throughout Europe despite Brexit. To that end, the Group submitted an application and scheme of operations to the Malta Financial Services Authority in November 2020. The application can be used as a change of control application or a full new licensing application.

In continuation to the above, the Group acquired 100% of the voting shares of R&amp;Q Epsilon Insurance Company SE ('R&amp;Q Epsilon'), a nonlisted company based in Malta engaged in the business of insurance in certain classes of general insurance business. Simultaneously, with the execution of the acquisition agreement, the new subsidiary was renamed International General Insurance Company (Europe) SE ('IGI Europe').

The strategy to purchase R&amp;Q Epsilon, as opposed to incorporating a new subsidiary from afresh, was based on operational factors. R&amp;Q Epsilon already had an operational UK based bank account and, given the requirement to use the Xchanging payment platform for broker-based business (especially where the Group is co-ensuring the European risks on global business), it was necessary for the Group to have an account for IGI Europe with a bank that is part of the LIPS (LPC Irrevocable Payment Scheme).

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At 31 December 2022

The acquisition  agreement  of  R&amp;Q  Epsilon  Insurance  Company SE (former company) was fully executed on 25 June 2021 (the 'Acquisition Date') for a purchase consideration of USD 6,200 thousand.

The Group accounted for the acquisition of R&amp;Q Epsilon under IFRS 3 'Business Combinations'.

The  book  and  fair  values  of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  of  International  General  Insurance  Company  (Europe)  SE  as  at  the  date  of acquisition were:

| Book value  Fair value  recognized  on acquisition  USD '000  USD '000  Assets  Insurance receivables and other assets  184  143  Bank Balances  6,054  6,054  6,238  6,197  Liabilities  Insurance payables and other liabilities  (38)  (38)  (38)  (38)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  6,200  6,159  Goodwill arising on acquisition  41  Purchase consideration transferred  -  6,200   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement on the goodwill during the year is as follows

Balance at the beginning of the year

Impairment loss (see note 22)

Goodwill arising from acquisition of a subsidiary

Balance at the end of the year

2021

USD '000

-

(41)

41

-

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

At 31 December 2022

Goodwill arising on acquisition of former company was fully impaired since the regulatory approval to write business was granted solely on the strength of IGI Europe's application and business plan submitted to Malta Financial Services Authority.

From the date of acquisition, International General Insurance Company (Europe) SE contributed USD 9,768 thousand of gross written premiums and USD 1,181 thousand of net loss to profit before tax of the Group.

Analysis of cash flows on acquisition:

| 2021  USD '000  Balance at the beginning of the year  -  Goodwill arising from acquisition of a subsidiary  41  Impairment loss (see note 22)  (41)  Balance at the end of the year  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 13 July 2021, the Malta Financial Services Authority authorized IGI Europe to write insurance and reinsurance business.

## 35. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In January 2023, the Group has repurchased 2,271,775 common shares in a privately negotiated transaction. The shares were repurchased at a price of USD 8.60 per share, for a total cost of USD 19,537 thousand. This transaction is part of the Group's current common share repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in May 2022.

## INDEX OF SUPPLEMANTRY SCHEDULES

| Page  Schedule I - Investments  S-2  Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information  S-3  Schedule IV - Reinsurance  S-4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. Schedule I - Investments As at December 31, 2022

| Column A  Column B  Column C  Column D  Type of investment  Cost  Value  Amount at  which shown  in the  balance sheet  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  Fixed maturities:  Bonds:  Foreign governments  9,128  8,299  8,299  Public utilities  12,153  11,526  11,526  All other corporate bonds  493,939  454,355  454,355  Redeemable preferred stock  24,819  16,895  16,895  Total fixed maturities  540,039  491,075  491,075  Equity securities:  Common stocks:  Public utilities  20  19  19  Banks, trust and insurance companies  12,687  16,990  16,990  Industrial, miscellaneous and all other  10,778  10,384  10,384  Nonredeemable preferred stocks  8,421  4,017  4,017  Total equity securities  31,906  31,410  31,410  Other long-term investments  12,996  12,237  12,237  Real estate investments  18,673  15,119  15,119  Total investments  603,614  549,841  549,841   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information As At and For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

| Column A  Column B  Column C  Column D  Column F  Column G  Column H  Column I  Column J  Column K  Segment  Deferred  policy  acquisition  costs  Gross  outstanding  claims  Gross  unearned  premiums  Gross  written  premiums  Net  investment  income  Net claims  and claim  adjustment  expenses  Net policy  acquisition  expenses  General and  administrative  expenses  Net written  premiums  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  31 December 2022  Long-tail  39,726  320,809  166,049  232,209  -  (50,599)  (33,103)  -  168,094  Shorty-tail  29,102  274,148  183,237  318,658  -  (89,994)  (31,555)  -  196,290  Reinsurance  564  39,613  4,746  30,980  -  (17,107)  (5,587)  -  30,980  Corporate and other  -  -  -  -  16,364  -  -  (67,453)  -  Total  69,392  634,570  354,032  581,847  16,364  (157,700 )  (70,245 )  (67,453 )  395,364  31 December 2021  Long-tail  39,154  298,469  173,399  239,531  -  (86,196)  (30,498)  -  177,723  Shorty-tail  25,044  243,841  150,570  282,037  -  (72,599)  (28,766)  -  180,872  Reinsurance  644  33,589  4,757  24,014  -  (17,397)  (3,902)  -  24,014  Corporate and other  -  -  -  -  16,034  -  -  (58,946)  -  Total  64,842  575,899  328,726  545,582  16,034  (176,192 )  (63,166 )  (58,946 )  382,609  31 December 2020  Long-tail  N/A  N/A  N/A  210,477  -  (88,776)  (27,079)  -  173,295  Shorty-tail  N/A  N/A  N/A  237,478  -  (56,614)  (24,316)  -  145,797  Reinsurance  N/A  N/A  N/A  19,318  -  (6,282)  (3,095)  -  19,318  Corporate and other  N/A  N/A  N/A  -  9,967  -  -  (46,923)  -  Total  N/A  N/A  N/A  467,273  9,967  (151,672 )  (54,490 )  (46,923 )  338,410   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## Schedule IV - Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020

| ## Column A  Column B  Column C  Column D  Column E  Column F  Gross  amount  Ceded to  other  companies  Assumed  from other  companies  Net  amount  Percentage  of amount  assumed  to net  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  USD '000  %  Property and casualty insurance  31 December 2022  299,382  (186,483)  282,465  395,364  71.4%  31 December 2021  278,886  (162,973)  266,696  382,609  69.7%  31 December 2020  243,270  (128,863)  224,003  338,410  66.2%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Legal Name of Subsidiary

## Subsidiaries of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## Jurisdiction of Organization

| International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.  United Arab Emirates  IGI Underwriting Co. Ltd.  Jordan  North Star Underwriting Limited  United Kingdom  International General Insurance Co. Ltd.  Bermuda  International General Insurance Co. Ltd. - Labuan Branch  Malaysia  International General Insurance Company (UK) Ltd.  United Kingdom  International General Insurance Company (Dubai) Ltd.  United Arab Emirates  Specialty Malls Investment Co.  Jordan  IGI Services Limited  Cayman Islands  Tiberius Acquisition Corp.  Delaware, United States  International General Insurance Company (Europe) S.A.  Malta  IGI Nordic AS  Norway   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## I, Wasef Jabsheh, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the company and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  our supervision,  to  provide reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial statements  for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  which  are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  company's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 6, 2023

By:

/s/ Wasef Jabsheh

Name:  Wasef Jabsheh

Title:

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934)

## I, Pervez Rizvi, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 20-F of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the company and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  to  be  designed  under  our supervision,  to  provide reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial statements  for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  the  company's  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  presented  in  this  report  our  conclusions  about  the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  which  are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material,  that  involves  management  or  other  employees  who  have  a  significant  role  in  the  company's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 6, 2023

By:

/s/ Pervez Rizvi

Name:  Pervez Rizvi

Title:

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934)

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

## 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), the undersigned  hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 6, 2023

## By: /s/ Wasef Jabsheh

Name:  Wasef Jabsheh

Title: Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the annual report on Form 20-F of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), the undersigned  hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: April 6, 2023

## By: /s/ Pervez Rizvi

Name:  Pervez Rizvi Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young LLP 25 Churchill Pl Canary Wharf London United Kingdom

Tel: +44 20 7951 2000

Fax: +44 20 7951 1345

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238918) pertaining to the 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan of International  General  Insurance  Holdings  Ltd.  of  our  report  dated  April  6,  2023,  with  respect  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. included in this Annual Report (Form 20-F) for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

London, United Kingdom

April 6, 2023

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young LLP 25 Churchill Pl Canary Wharf London United Kingdom

Tel: +44 20 7951 2000

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form F-3 No. 333-254986) of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. and in the related Prospectus of our report dated April 6, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. included in this Annual Report (Form 20-F) for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

London, United Kingdom

April 6, 2023

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.

## WASEF JABSHEH

Chairman (CEO, International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.)

## DAVID ANTHONY

Independent Director

## MICHAEL GRAY

Independent Director

## WALEED JABSHEH

Director (President, International General Insurance Holdings Ltd.)

## DAVID KING

Independent Director

## WANDA MWAURA

Independent Director

## ANDREW POOLE

Independent Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

## REGISTERED ADDRESS

Clarendon House 2 Church Street Hamilton HM 11 Bermuda

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

Contact: Robin Sidders Head of Investor Relations

- T: +44 (0) 20 7220 0100

E: robin.sidders@iginsure.com

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Ernst &amp; Young LLP 25 Churchill Place London E14 5EY

## TRANSFER AGENT

Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company 1 State Street New York, New York 10004-1561

## MARKET INFORMATION

The common shares and warrants for International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols IGIC and IGICW respectively.

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Copies of IGI's Annual Report, Forms 20-F, or other reports filed or furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are available on the Company website at www.iginsure. com, or can be mailed by requesting a hard copy from the Head of Investor Relations at robin. sidders@iginsure.com.

For more information visit: www.iginsure.com/investors

<!-- image -->