<!-- image -->

## I M P E R I U M   C R O W N   L I M I T E D

## A n n u a l   R e p o r t   2 0 2 2

## CONTENTS

| - 01 Corporate Profile  - 03 Group Structure  - 04 Letter to Shareholders  - 09 Financial Review  - 13 Board of Directors  - 15 Senior Management  - 16 Corporate Information  - 18 Corporate Governance Report  - 53 Statement by Directors  - 57 Independent Auditor's Report  - 59 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  - 60 Statements of Financial Position  - 61 Statements of Changes in Equity  - 63 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  - 64 Notes to the Financial Statements  - 103 Statistics of Shareholdings  - 105 Notice of Annual General Meeting and Proxy Form   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This annual report has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. (the ' Sponsor ').

This annual report has not been examined or approved by  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for  the  contents  of  this  annual  report,  including  the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Bernard Lui Telephone number: (65) 6389 3000 Email address: bernard.lui@morganlewis.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Imperium  Crown  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  is  listed on  the  SGX-ST  Catalist  Board  (stock  code:  5HT)  on 19 January 2006. The Company's main business is in property investment and property development in Asia.

<!-- image -->

## RESILIENCE THE ARTOF

With perseverance, determination and fortitude, we endeavour to develop the art of resilience that will enable the Group to move forward towards new horizons.

T H E   A R T   O F FOCUS

With an unwavering commitment to the long-term growth of the Group, we understand the art of focusing on the future.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of  my  fellow  board  members,  I would  like to  present  to  you  the  annual  report  for  Imperium Crown Limited and its subsidiaries (the ' Company ' or collectively the ' Group ') for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (' FY2022 ').

FY2022  continued  to  be  a  challenging  year  for  the Group.    With  the  zero-COVID  policy  in  place  in  the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC ') during FY2022, businesses  and  the  movement  of  people  remained affected as COVID cases continued to surface throughout  the  PRC.   While  the Wonder  Stone  Park Hotel  (the  ' WSP  Hotel ')  was  able  to  continue  its operations,  the  re-tightening  of  measures  in  FY2022 to  contain  COVID-19  led  to  a  decline  in  hotel  room bookings, seminar bookings as well as banquet events. The  number  of  visitors  to  the  Wonder  Stone  Park (the  ' WSP ')  was  also  adversely  affected.   As  COVID cases  did  not  show  signs  of  abating,  COVID-related containment  measures  based  on  the  zero-COVID policy were still in place in FY2022.  While there had been  recent  indications  about  the  easing  of  border rules  and  COVID-19  loosening  measures,  such  plans had not been implemented country-wide and may still be subject to change.

In June 2022, the local government of Fei County (the ' Local Government ') decided to withdraw the operating rights  of  the  WSP  (the  ' Operating  Rights ').    The Operating  Rights  were  originally  granted  by  the  Local Government in May 2017 for a period of 50 years with

<!-- image -->

The Group completed the acquisition of a 51% stake in Winco Construct &amp; Décor Pte Ltd ('Winco') in August 2022.  Engaged in the business of interior designing and renovation, the Group is in the midst of assimilating the operations of Winco into the Group and is optimistic of the potential growth of Winco going forward in the Singapore market.

a view for the Group to develop and commercialise the WSP.  Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in the  PRC  in  early  2020,  the  COVID-19  precautionary measures  had  adversely  impacted  the  visitorship  to the  WSP.  Notwithstanding  that  the  Group  remains confident  of  the  long-term  commercial  viability  of  the WSP,  the  Local  Government  was  of  the  view  that  it may not be in  the  best  interest  of  Fei  County  (where the Group operates in) for the Group to continue with the  development  and  commercialisation  of  the  WSP. Subsequently,  the  Local  Government  held  discussions to  acquire  the  Group's  property  portfolio  in  the  PRC, comprising  the  WSP  Hotel  and  the  land  which  the WSP  Hotel  is  situated  on,  as  well  as  the  2  plots  of land  situated  within  the  WSP  previously  acquired  by the  Group  for  the  purpose  of  property  development (the  ' Group's  China  Portfolio ').  As  announced  on  5 December  2022,  the  Group  had  then  entered  into  2 sale and purchase agreements with the related entities of  the  Local  Government  to  dispose  of  the  Group's China  Portfolio  (the  ' Disposals '),  subject  to,  amongst others, the Company convening a general meeting and obtaining  the  approval  of  its  shareholders  to  approve the Disposals.  For further information on the Disposals, please  refer  to  the  Company's  announcements  dated 5 December 2022 and 9 December 2022.  The Disposals are expected to complete by 27 January 2023.

Separately, the Group completed the acquisition of  a  51%  stake  in Winco Construct &amp; Décor Pte Ltd (' Winco ')  in  August  2022.    Engaged  in  the  business of  interior  designing  and  renovation,  the  Group  is  in the midst of assimilating the operations of Winco into the  Group  and  is  optimistic  of  the  potential  growth of  Winco  going  forward  in  the  Singapore  market. As  stated  in  the  announcement  dated  9  December 2022, the Group is currently considering other opportunities  for  growth  and  continues  to  evaluate its  options and the Board is currently assessing as to whether the Company will be a cash company under Rule  1017  of  the  Catalist  Rules  pursuant  to  the completion of the Disposals.

The Company will provide an update to shareholders pursuant to such consultation via announcements and/ or in the circular to be issued in relation to the Disposals, in  compliance  with  the  Catalist  Rules.  For  further information  on  the  potential  business  investments, please  refer  to  the  Company's  announcement  dated 9 December 2022.

On behalf of our board of directors, we would like to thank our stakeholders, business partners and especially to  you,  our  dear  shareholders,  for  your  unwavering support  throughout  the  course  of  this  financial  year. Under the stewardship of the board of directors and our management team, we will continue to work hard and are confident that we will harvest the fruits of our investments together going forward.

Yours truly,

Sun Bowen Executive Chairman

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 致尊敬的股东们：

我谨代表董事会成员，向各位呈交新加坡皇冠有限 公司及其子公司(以下简称 ' 本公司 ' 或 ' 本集团 ' )截至 2022 年 6 月 30 日财政年度( ' 2022 财年 ' )的年度报告。

2022 财年对本集团来说仍然是充满挑战的一年。 随 着中华人民共和国 （ ' 中国 ' ） 实施清零新冠病毒政策， 新冠病毒病例在中国各地不断出现， 企业和人员流动 仍然受到影响。 尽管如此， 本集团所持有的中华奇石城 的酒店( ' 奇石公园文化酒店 ' )继续运作。 但为遏制新型 冠状病毒肺炎 （ ' 冠状肺炎 ' ）   采取的收紧措施导致 2022 财年酒店客房预订、 研讨会预订以及宴会活动下 降。 本集团所经营的中华奇石城 （ ' 奇石城 ' ） 也受到客 流量的下降。 由于冠状肺炎病例没有减少的迹象， 在可 预见的未来， 与冠病毒相关的防疫措施将会持续到位。

<!-- image -->

另一方面， 本集团于 2022 年 8 月完成收 购 Winco Construct &amp; Décor Pte Ltd ( 'Winco' ) 51% 股权。 从事室内设计及装修 业务， 本集团对 Winco 进军新加坡市场的 未来发展保持乐观。

2022 年6月， 费县地方政府 （ ' 地方政府 ' ） 决定解除本集 团在奇石城P的委托经营权 （ ' 经营权 ' ） 。 经营权最初由 当地政府于 2017 年 5 月授予， 为期 50 年， 旨在让集 团开发和商业化 WSP 。 自 2020 年初 COVID-19 大流 行在中国爆发以来， COVID-19 预防措施对 WSP 的访 客产生了不利影响。 尽管本集团对 WSP 的长期商业可 行性仍然充满信心， 但当地政府认为本集团继续进行 该项目可能不符合费县 （本集团经营所在地） 的最佳利 益。 随后， 当地政府就收购本集团于中国的物业组合进 行磋商， 包括 WSP 酒店及 WSP 酒店所在的土地， 以及本 集团先前为该项目收购的位于 WSP 内的两幅土地。 正 如 2022 年 12 月 5 日公布的那样， 集团随后与当地政 府和/或其相关实体签订了两份买卖协议， 以出售集团 的中国投资组合 （ ' 出售 ' ） ， 前提是公司召开股东大会和 获得其股东批准这些出售事项。 有关出售事项的更多 信息， 请参阅公司日期为 2022 年 12 月 5 日和 2022 年 12 月 9 日的公告。 出售事项预计将于 2023 年 1 月 27 日完成。

另一方面，本集团于2022年8月完成收购 Winco Construct  &amp;  Décor  Pte  Ltd ( ' Winco ' ) 51% 股权。 从 事室内设计及装修业务， 本集团对 Winco 进军新加坡 市场的未来发展保持乐观。 致 2022 年 12 月 9 日的公 告所述， 集团目前正在考虑其他增长机会并继续评估 其选择权， 董事会目前正在评估公司是否将成为凯利 板规则第 1017 条下的现金公司。

根据凯利板规则， 公司将根据此类磋商通过公告和/或 就出售事项发布的股民通知书提供最新信息。 有关潜 在业务投资的更多信息， 请参阅公司致 2022 年 12 月 9 日的公告。

我们谨代表我们的董事会， 感谢我们的股东、 业务合作 伙伴， 特别是我们各位亲爱的股东们， 在本财政年度期 间给予我们坚定不移的支持。 在董事会和我们的管理 团队的领导下， 我们将继续努力工作， 并有信心在未来 的日子里， 共同收获我们的投资成果。

## 孙伯文

执行主席

## T H E   A R T   O F PRUDENCE

In a challenging operating environment, we are cultivating the art of prudence in exploring opportunities with potential for sustainable growth.

<!-- image -->

## OPERATING RESULTS

The  Group's  revenue  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  June 2022 (' FY2022 ') was S$1.854 million compared to S$2.429 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 (' FY2021 ').

The  Group's  revenue  was  derived  from  its  management  of the Wonder Stone Park (the ' WSP ')  and  the Wonder Stone Hotel  (the  ' WSP  Hotel ').  The  decrease  was  primarily  due to  the  continuation  of  the  COVID-19  safety  measures  in China which affected the movement of people within China. While  the  WSP  Hotel  was  able  to  continue  its  operations, the loosening of COVID-19 measures in FY2021 had led to a  period  of  gradual  recovery  in  FY2021.    Notwithstanding, the  re-tightening  of  measures  arising  from  the  zero-COVID policy adopted in China in FY2022 led to the decline in hotel room bookings, seminar bookings as well as banquet events in  FY2022.  That led to the decrease in revenue in FY2022 compared to FY2021.

Other  income  decreased  from  S$63,000  in  FY2021  to S$39,000 in FY2022 mainly due to the absence of government subsidy  grants  received  from  Fei  County  government  in FY2021.

Depreciation  and  amortisation  expenses  remained  relatively consistent and had increased from S$3.901 million in FY2021 to S$4.115 million in FY2022.

Employee benefits expense remained relatively consistent and had decreased from S$1.345 million in FY2021 to S$1.318 million in FY2022.

Allowance for impairment loss on intangible assets increased from  S$6.300  million  in  FY2021  to  S$93.973  million  in FY2022. Following the withdrawal of the operating rights for the WSP by the local government of Feixian county in June 2022, the Group has recognised the impairment allowance to write down the carrying value of operating rights associated with the WSP cash-generating unit (' CGU ') to its recoverable value as at 30 June 2022.

Allowance for impairment loss on trade receivables is based on its historical observed default rates over the expected life of  the  trade  receivables  and  is  adjusted  for  forward-looking estimate.  At  the  end  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  June 2022, the historical observed default rates were updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates were analysed. A loss allowance balance of S$95,000 for the Group was recognized.

<!-- image -->

9

<!-- image -->

Income tax benefit increased from S$2.356 million in FY2021 to  S$24.014  million  in  FY2022  due  to  the  withdrawal  of the operating rights for the WSP by the local government of Feixian county in June 2022 where the deferred tax liability of S$24.014 million which had arisen from the initial recognition of the operating rights was reversed entirely and presented as deferred tax benefit.

In  FY2021,  income  tax  benefit  comprised  25%  deferred  tax liabilities on the amortisation of the fair value of WSP operating rights over 50 years.

Exchange differences on translating foreign operations decreased from S$391,000 in FY2021 to S$38,000 in FY2022 mainly due to the lower level of fluctuation of exchange rates in FY2022 compared to FY2021.

Overall,  the  net  loss  for  FY2022  was  S$76.675  million, compared to a net loss of S$10.559 million in FY2021.

## FINANCIAL  POSITION  AND  CASHFLOW  OF THE GROUP

Overall, non-current assets decreased from S$122.811 million as at 30 June 2021 to S$20.962 million as at 30 June 2022.

Property,  plant  and  equipment  (' PPE ')  had  decreased  from S$19.493 million as at 30 June 2021 to S$13.979 million as at 30 June 2022 mainly due to the remeasurement of assets amounting to S$3.467 million.

At the Company level, PPE decreased following the winding down of the remaining lease period of the operating leases.

Intangible  assets  decreased  from  S$103.318  million  as  at FY2021 to S$6.983 million as at 30 June 2022.  Following the withdrawal of the operating rights by the local government of Feixian county, the Group has made an impairment allowance of S$93.973 million (FY2021: S$6.300 million) to write down the  carrying  value  of  operating  rights  associated  with  the WSP CGU to its recoverable value as at 30 June 2022.

Investments  in  subsidiaries  had  decreased  from  S$38.108 million as at 30 June 2021 to S$6,006 million as at 30 June 2022. Following the withdrawal of the operating rights for the WSP by the local government of Feixian county in June 2022, the Company has made an impairment allowance of S$32.125 million (FY2021: S$7.073 million) to write down the carrying value its investment in its subsidiary which was managing the development of WSP based on the expected recoverable value as at 30 June 2022.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Overall, current assets decreased from S$1.908 million as at 30 June 2021 to S$1.568 million as at 30 June 2022.

Trade  and  other  receivable  decreased  from  S$1.587  million as at 30 Jun 2021 to S$1.163 million as at 30 Jun 2022 in tandem with the corresponding decrease in revenue.

Non-current liabilities decreased from S$24.046 million as at 30 June 2021 to nil as at 30 June 2022.

Deferred tax liabilities had decreased from S$24.014 million as at 30 June 2021 to nil as at 30 June 2022.  As explained in the preceding paragraphs, the withdrawal of the operating rights for the WSP by the local government of Feixian county in June 2022 led to the reversal of the deferred tax liability of S$24.014 million which had previously arisen from the initial recognition of the operating rights.

Current  liabilities  decreased  from  S$18.296  million  as  at 30 June 2021 to S$16.790 million as at 30 June 2022.  In tandem  with  the  lower  revenue  in  FY2022,  trade  payables at  a  Group  level  had  correspondingly  decreased.   Trade  and other payables in the Company increased from S$0.573 million as  at  30 June  2021 to S$1.591 million as at 30 June 2022 due to the unsecured and interest-free loan extended by the controlling shareholder and the voluntary partial withholding of the payment of director fees and the salary for the Executive Chairman.

Following the adoption of SFRS(I) 16 Leases (' SFRS(I)16 ')  in FY2020, the operating leases which the Group has entered into are examined and a finance cost is computed for FY2022. The value  of  the  remaining  lease  period  beyond  FY2023  is recognised in non-current assets and a corresponding liability of S$31,000 is recognised in current liabilities as lease liability.

The net working capital is a negative S$15.222 million (as at 30 June 2021: S$16.388 million).   The  increase  in  negative working capital was due to the losses incurred by the WSP Hotel and the administrative expenses incurred by the Company as a listed entity. The Group is able to meet its working capital needs in view of the undertaking by related parties to provide continued financial support as required to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and subordinate their claims to those of the other creditors and not to demand payment from the Group until the Group is in a financial position to do so.  In addition, management will continue its efforts to improve its financial position.

Net cash flows from operating activities was S$0.842 million as  at  30  June  2022  as  compared  to  net  cash  flow  used  in operating  activities  of  S$2.435  million  as  at  30  June  2021. The increase was mainly due to a decrease in trade and other receivables as well as a decrease in trade and other payables in the FY2022.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

<!-- image -->

Net  cash  flows  used  in  investing  activities  was  S$0.045 million as at 30 June 2022 as compared to net cash flow used in  investing  activities  S$0.294  million  as  at  30  June  2021. The decrease was mainly due to lower additions of PPE.

Net cash flows used in financing activities was S$0.713 million as at 30 June 2022 as compared to net cash flows from financing activities of S$2.223 million as at 30 June 2021. The movement was due to repayments made to related parties.

## OUTLOOK

The  zero-COVID  policy  in  China  had  been  ongoing  and presented unprecedented challenges to the Group's business environment in FY2022. Notwithstanding, the recent policies pertaining to the easing of COVID-19 measures should enable a gradual recovery of business sentiment.  Subsequent to the withdrawal  of  the  operating  rights  in  June  2022,  the  Local Government  proceeded  to  initiate  discussions  to  acquire the  Group's  China  Portfolio 1 .  Pursuant  to  these  discussions and  as  announced  on  5  December  2022,  the  Group  had entered into 2 sale and purchase agreements with the related entities  of  the  Local  Government  to  dispose  of  the  Group's China Portfolio 1 (the ' Disposals '), subject to, amongst others, the  Company  convening  a  general  meeting  and  obtaining the  approval  of  its  shareholders  to  approve  the  Disposals. For further information on the Disposals, please refer to the

Company's  announcements  dated  5  December  2022  and 9 December 2022.  The Disposals are expected to complete by 27 January 2023.

Separately with the completion of the acquisition of 51% of the total issued share capital of Winco Construct &amp; Décor Pte Ltd (' Winco ')  on 19 August 2022, the Group looks to tap on the growth opportunities in Singapore as it continues to navigate in  the  aftermath  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  For  further information on the Company's acquisition of 51% of the total issued share capital of Winco, including the information required under  Catalist  Rule  706A(1),  please  refer  to  the  Company's announcements dated 27 June 2022, 30 June 2022, 22 July 2022 and 19 August 2022.

As  stated  in  the  announcement  dated  9  December  2022, the  Group  is  currently  considering  other  opportunities  for growth and continues to evaluate its options and the Board is currently assessing as to whether the Company will be a cash company under Rule 1017 of the Catalist Rules pursuant to the  completion  of  the  Disposals.  The  Company  will  provide an update to shareholders pursuant to such consultation via announcements and/or in the circular to be issued in relation to the Disposals, in compliance with the Catalist Rules. For further information on the potential business investments, please refer to the Company's announcement dated 9 December 2022.

1 Comprising the WSP Hotel and the land which WSP Hotel is situated on, as well as the 2 plots of land situated within the WSP previously acquired by the Group for the purpose of property development.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SUN BOWEN

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Executive Chairman

Mr Sun is our Executive Chairman. He joined the Board on 22 November 2017 as Non-Executive Director and was re-designated to Executive Director on 22 February 2018 and subsequently re-designated to Executive Chairman on 1 March 2019.  He is  responsible  for  the  implementation  of  the  Group's  strategies  to  improve  overall corporate  performance  and  the  achievement  of  the  Group's  goals  in  The  People's Republic  of  China.  Mr  Sun  also  works  closely  with  the  Board  in  evaluating  and developing new business opportunities to ensure continuous growth of the Group.

Mr  Sun  graduated  from  the  Qingdao  University  of  Science  &amp;  Technology  with  a degree in Chemical Engineering.

TAN KENG KEAT Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

Mr Tan joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer (Designate) on 1 September 2016 and took over the role of Chief Financial Officer on 13 October 2016.  He was also appointed as the Acting Chief Executive Officer on 24 January 2018, a position he had held until 13 October 2021 where he relinquished the position and joined the Board as an Executive Director. His key responsibilities include assisting the Board in  the  Group's  business  development  activities  and  capital  management  strategy, overall financial reporting, compliance to listing requirements and management of the finance functions of the Group.

An experienced accountant with over 20 years of experience in the financial sector, he started his professional career with PricewaterhouseCoopers Singapore and later moved on to public listed companies.  He has held key positions such as Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary in companies listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, the London Stock Exchange and the Australian Securities  Exchange  and  is  experienced  in  financial  reporting,  corporate  finance, treasury, audit, taxation and company secretarial matters.

Mr  Tan  graduated  from  the  Nanyang  Technological  University  with  a  degree  in Accountancy (Honours) and is a Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

WEE PHUI GAM

<!-- image -->

Lead Independent Director

Mr Wee joined the Board on 19 October 2017 as Lead Independent Director and is  the  Chairman  of  the Audit  Committee  and  a  member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees.

Mr Wee is a practising Chartered Accountant of Singapore. He has been the sole proprietor of P G Wee &amp; Partners since 1984. P G Wee &amp; Partners was converted to P G Wee Partnership LLP (' P G Wee '), an Accredited Training Organisation, in January 2013 and he has since been appointed as managing partner. He is also the managing partner of Y.C. Lee &amp; Co (' Y.C. Lee '), a position he has held since 1990. P G Wee and Y.C. Lee are public accounting firms in Singapore. Mr Wee started his career in 1978 as an audit assistant with Foo, Kon &amp; Tan, a public accounting firm in Singapore. Shortly after, he joined Peat Marwick Mitchell &amp; Co, an international accounting firm as an audit assistant, becoming a Manager when he left in 1984.

Mr Wee holds a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the University of Singapore, a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Singapore and is an Accredited Tax Advisor (Income Tax &amp; GST).

HAU KHEE WEE

Independent Director

Mr Hau joined the Board on 19 October 2017 as Independent Director and is the Chairman of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees and a member of the Audit Committee.

Mr Hau is currently the Chief Financial Officer of YSQ International Pte Ltd, a company focused in technological investment, financial services, merger and acquisition, asset management, intellectual property and wholesale and distribution of tobacco-related products.  With over 20 years of experience in the financial sector,  he started his professional  career  with  Ernst  &amp; Young  Singapore  and  has  thereafter  held  senior financial positions in other companies in various industries.

Mr Hau is currently also the lead independent director of China Kunda Technology Holdings, a company listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

He  graduated  from  the  Nanyang  Technological  University  with  a  degree  in Accountancy (Honours) and is a Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

DR DANNY OH BENG TECK Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Dr  Oh  joined  the  Board  on  1  December  2017  as  Independent  Director  and  is  a member of the Audit, Nominating and Remuneration Committees.

Dr Oh is currently the Managing Director of Cambrian Group of companies which is involved in geotechnical instrumentation, geophysical surveys, training and laboratory calibration services.  He is also an independent director of ecoWise Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

Dr Oh is a qualified geologist, trainer, arbitrator, adjudicator, mediator and expert witness and holds a PhD from the University of South Australia.  He is a Fellow of the Geological Society, and a Member of the Geological Society of Malaysia.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

SUN BOWEN Executive Chairman Please refer to page 13.

<!-- image -->

TAN KENG KEAT

<!-- image -->

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer Please refer to page 13.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS

## Sun Bowen

Executive Chairman

## Tan Keng Keat

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer

## Wee Phui Gam

Lead Independent Director

## Hau Khee Wee

Independent Director

## Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

Independent Director

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Wee Phui Gam

(Chairman)

Hau Khee Wee

Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Hau Khee Wee

(Chairman)

Wee Phui Gam

Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Hau Khee Wee

(Chairman)

Wee Phui Gam

Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

## COMPANY SECRETARY

## Kiar Lee Noi

(Appointed on 11 March 2022)

## REGISTERED OFFICE

1 Commonwealth Lane #06-20 One Commonwealth

Singapore 149544

Tel no.:

+65 6250 0925

Fax no.:

+65 6250 0903

Email:

inquiry@imperium-crown.com

Website:  www.imperium-crown.com

## SPONSOR

## Stamford Corporate Services Pte Ltd

10 Collyer Quay #27-00 Ocean Financial Centre Singapore 049315

## AUDITORS

## RSM Chio Lim LLP

8 Wilkie Road #03-08 Wilkie Edge Singapore 228095

## AUDIT PARTNER-IN-CHARGE

## Ng Thiam Soon

(Appointed since financial year ended 30 June 2018)

## SHARE REGISTRAR

## In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd.

(formerly known as RHT Corporate Advisory Pte. Ltd.) 30 Cecil Street #19-08 Prudential Tower Singapore 049712

Tel no.:

+65 6812 1611

Fax no.:

+65 6812 1601

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## CONTENTS

- 18 Corporate Governance Report
- 53 Statement by Directors
- 57 Independent Auditor's Report
- 59 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- 60 Statements of Financial Position
- 61 Statements of Changes in Equity
- 63 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 64 Notes to the Financial Statements

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  board  of  directors  (the  ' Board '  or  ' Directors ')  and  the  management  (the  ' Management ')  of  Imperium  Crown  Limited (the ' Company '  and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ')  recognises the importance of corporate governance and are committed to ensuring the practices recommended in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') are practiced by the Group. The Company believes that good corporate governance provides the framework for an ethical and accountable corporate environment that will maximise long term shareholders' value and protect the interests of shareholders.

This report outlines the Company's corporate governance practices that were in place during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (' FY2022 '),  with  specific  reference made to the principles and the provisions of the Code and accompanying Practice Guidance, which forms part of the continuing obligations under the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ') of the Singapore Exchanges Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ').

The Board is pleased to confirm that for FY2022, the Company has complied with the principles and provisions as set out in the Code and the Practice Guidance, where applicable. In areas where the Company's practices vary from any provisions of the Code and/or the Practice Guidance, the Company has stated herein the provision of the Code and Practice Guidance (as applicable) from which it has varied, and appropriate explanations are provided for the variation, and how the practices the Company had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principles of the Code and Practice Guidance. The Company will continue to assess its needs and implement appropriate practices accordingly.

## I. BOARD MATTERS

## PRINCIPLE 1: THE BOARD'S CONDUCT OF AFFAIRS

The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with the Management for the long-term success of the company.

## Provision 1.1

## Board's Role and Duties

The Company is headed by an effective Board to lead and control its operations and affairs. The key responsibilities of the Board include charting and reviewing the Group's overall business strategy, supervising the Management of the Company and reviewing the Group's financial performance and managerial performance while considering sustainability issues as part of its strategic formulation.

The Board is collectively  responsible  for  the  long-term  success  of  the  Group  and  delivery  of  sustainable value  to  the shareholders and other stakeholders. Thus, written terms of reference have been put in place to assist the Board and Management in clarifying responsibilities and ensuring effective communication between the Board and Management.

The terms of reference of the Board sets out its authority and responsibilities. Its duties shall pervade key areas in the Group, amongst them, including:

## Corporate Governance

- (a) Review and ensure that the appropriate policies and practices on corporate governance are in place;
- (b) Perform such duties and responsibilities as may be required by laws, regulations, and the Constitution of the Company;
- (c) Review and monitor the Group policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;
- (d) Ensure that the required disclosures on corporate governance and related matters required by laws and regulations are made in the annual report and accounts, and to the regulatory authorities;
- (e) Ensure prudent policies for carrying on business while promoting fair practices and high standards of business conduct;
- (f) Assess annually the effectiveness of the Board and the Board Committees (as defined below), and contributions of each Director;
- (g) Receive a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board, the coverage of which is supervised by the Board. In addition, Directors with no relevant experience or expertise as a Director of an SGX-ST-listed entity are to be provided with training on the roles and responsibilities of a Director of an SGX-ST-listed entity, as prescribed by the SGX-ST;
- (h) Monitor and ensure the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management. As the Code places on Directors the onus of understanding the business of the Group and their duties, Directors should inform the Secretary or Board Chairman of Director development opportunities they wish to pursue at the Group's expense; and
- (i) Establish an investor relations policy to promote regular, effective and fair communication with the shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Strategy

- (a) Set long-term strategy goals, review and assess the strategies from time to time, and monitor the progress towards achieving these goals; and
- (b) Consider sustainability issues, including issues relating to the environment and social factors, when formulating its strategies.

## Finance

- (a) Review and approve the annual business plan and budget;
- (b) Monitor the financial performance of the Company;
- (c) Determine an appropriate capital and debt structure for the Company to meet its long-term business objective;
- (d) Set the dividend policy and declare dividends; and
- (e) Review and approve significant acquisitions and divestments.

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

- (a) Oversee the establishment and operation of an enterprise risk management framework to identify, assess, manage, monitor and report the Company's risks;
- (b) Determine and review the Company's risk profile, risk tolerance level and risk strategy of the Company; and
- (c) Conduct  an  annual,  rigorous  assessment  of  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  controls, including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls,  the  effectiveness  of  its  internal audit, risk management and compliance functions, and the adequacy of the resources allocated to these functions;

## Human Resources

- (a) Approve the organisational structure of the Company and its key management positions;
- (b) Approve, in consultation with the Remuneration Committee (as defined below), the compensation packages and incentive payment structure for key management positions;
- (c) Oversee the design and operation of the Company's remuneration policy and compensation framework; and
- (d) Develop a succession plan for directors including the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO'), and oversee, through the Nominating Committee (as defined below), the succession plans for senior management.

## Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

The Company strives to uphold the highest levels of business conduct and integrity in all transactions and interactions. All Directors objectively discharge their duties and responsibilities at all times as fiduciaries in the interests of the Company and hold the Management accountable for the performance of the Group.

The Board has thus put in place a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which serves to guide the Directors on the areas of ethical risk and sets a framework where integrity and accountability are paramount. The Company is also committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted with the highest standard of probity and in compliance with the law.

## Conflicts of Interest

The Board acts in good faith and in the best interests of the Company by exercising due care, skills and diligence, and avoiding conflicts of interest. The Directors are cognisant of their fiduciary duties at law. Pursuant to Section 156 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Companies Act '), each Director is to declare to the Company his interests (direct or indirect) in all transactions with the Company and provide details on the nature of such interests as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge. On an annual basis, each Director is also required to submit details of his associates for the purpose of monitoring interested persons transactions (' IPTs '). Where a Director has a conflict or a potential conflict of interest in relation to any matter, he is required to immediately declare his interest when the conflict-related matter is discussed, unless the Board is of the opinion that his presence and participation is necessary to enhance the efficacy of such discussion. Nonetheless, he is required to abstain from voting in relation to the conflict-related matters.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Provision 1.2

## Director Competencies

All Directors have a good understanding of the Company's business as well as their directorship duties (including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors).

While the duties imposed by law are the same for all directors, the board of directors of a listed company will generally have different classes of directors with different roles:

- Executive Directors (EDs) are usually members of the management who are involved in the day-to-day running of the business. Executive Directors are expected to:
- (a) provide insights on the company's day-to-day operations, as appropriate;
- (b) provide  the  management's  views  without  undermining  the  management's  accountability  to  the  board  of directors; and
- (c) collaborate closely with Non-Executive Directors for the long-term success of the company.
- Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) are not part of the management. They are not employees of the company and do not participate in the company's day-to-day management. Non-Executive Directors are expected to:
- (a) be familiar with the business and stay informed of the activities of the company;
- (b) constructively challenge the management and help develop proposals on strategy;
- (c) review the performance of the management in meeting agreed goals and objectives; and
- (d) participate in decisions on the appointment, assessment and remuneration of the Executive Directors and key management personnel (' KMP ') generally.
- Independent Directors (IDs) are Non-Executive Directors who are deemed independent by the board of directors. Independent Directors have the duties of the Non-Executive Directors, and additionally provide independent, and objective advice and insights to the board of directors and the management.

Directors are expected to develop their competencies to effectively discharge their duties and are provided with opportunities (as described below) to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the Company's expense.

## Appointment Letter

Upon appointment of each Director, the Company shall provide a formal letter of appointment to the Director, setting out the Director's roles, obligations, duties and responsibilities, and the expectations of their contribution to the Company as a member of the Board.

## Continuous Training and Development of Directors

The  Company  does  not  have  a  formal  training  program  for  the  Directors  but  all  incoming  Directors  will  undergo  a comprehensive and tailored induction on joining the Board. This includes his duties as a Director and how to discharge those duties, and an orientation programme to ensure that they are familiar with the Company's business and governance practices. To get a better understanding of the Group's businesses, the incoming Directors will also be given the opportunity to meet with the Management.

The Company will also arrange for first-time Directors to attend relevant training in relation to the roles and responsibilities of a Director of a public listed company in Singapore as prescribed by the SGX-ST and in areas such as accounting, legal and industry-specific knowledge as appropriate. The training of Directors will be arranged and funded by the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

The Company encourages all the Directors to attend training courses organised by Singapore Institute of Directors (' SID ') or other training institutions which are aimed at providing them with the latest updates on changes in relevant regulations, accounting standards, corporate governance practices and guidelines from the SGX-ST that affect the Group and/or the Directors in connection with their duties and responsibilities as a Director of a public-listed company in Singapore, and such training is funded by the Company. Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Catalist Rules effective 1 January 2022, all Directors of the Company must undergo training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the SGX-ST. If the NC is of the view that training is not required because the Director has expertise in sustainability matters, the basis of its assessment must be disclosed. The Company is required to confirm in its sustainability report for the financial year ending 30 June 2023 (' FY2023 ') that all its Directors have attended the mandatory training on sustainability. Except for Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck who had attended sustainability training, the remaining Directors will be attending mandatory training on sustainability training during FY2023.

All Directors are provided with regular briefings from time to time on changes in the relevant laws and regulations in relation to accounting standards, Catalist Rules, corporate governance and other regulations or statutory requirements. In FY2022, the Directors were briefed by external auditors on changes in accounting standards and other regulatory updates.

## Provision 1.3

## Internal Guidelines on Matters Requiring Board Approval

The Board has adopted internal guidelines on matters which specifically require the Board's decision or approval, which has been clearly communicated to the Management, including but not limited to the following:

- (a) appointment of Directors and key management (as recommended by the NC (as defined below) and the remuneration packages of Directors and key management (as recommended by the RC (as defined below);
- (b) any matters relating to general meetings, Board and Board Committees (as defined below);
- (c) material transactions, including investment in and disposal of securities, investment properties, subsidiaries, associates and property development companies;
- (d) operation of banking accounts, credit facilities, bank deposits and provision of corporate guarantees;
- (e) provision, capitalization, and denomination of loans to subsidiaries, associates and property development companies;
- (f) approval of all announcements released via SGXNet, including financial results announcements and IPTs;
- (g) approval of annual and interim reports, financial statements, Directors' statement and annual report; and
- (h) dividend matters.

## Provision 1.4

## Delegation of Authority to Board Committees

To assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities and to provide independent oversight of the Management, the Board has established three (3) Board committees, namely the Audit Committee (' AC '), Nominating Committee (' NC ') and Remuneration Committee (' RC ') (collectively, the ' Board Committees '). Each of the Board Committees functions within clearly defined terms of references and operating procedures endorsed by the Board, which are reviewed from time to time, along with the committee structures and membership, to ensure their continued relevance, taking into consideration the changes in the governance and legal environment. The Board Committees will also review their terms of reference from time to time to ensure their continued relevance and the effectiveness. The composition and description of each Board Committee is set out in this report. Any change to the terms of reference for any Board Committee requires the specific written approval of the Board. The responsibilities and authority of the Board Committees set out in their respective terms of reference are revised for alignment with the Code as and when necessary.

All  the  Board  Committees  are  actively  engaged  and  play  an  important  role  in  ensuring  good  corporate  governance  in the Company and the Group. The Board Committees report its activities regularly to the Board. Minutes of the Board Committees are regularly provided to the Board and are available to all Board members. The Board acknowledges that while these various Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the Board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board. The Board Committees have explicit authority to investigate any matter within their terms of reference, have full access to and co-operation of the Management, have resources to enable them to discharge their functions properly and full discretion to invite any Director or senior management to attend their meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Provision 1.5

## Meetings of Board and Board Committees

The schedule of all the Board and Board Committees meetings as well as the annual general meeting (' AGM ')  of  the Company for the next calendar year is planned well in advance. The Board meets at least twice a year. Ad-hoc and/or non-scheduled Board and/or Board Committees meetings may be convened to deliberate on urgent substantial matters. In addition to the scheduled meetings, the Board has informal discussions on corporate events and/or actions, which would then be formally confirmed and approved by circulating resolutions in writing. The Board members also communicate frequently with the Management to discuss the business operations of the Group.

Article 118 of the Company's Constitution allows Board meetings to be conducted by means of conference telephone, videoconferencing, audio visual, or other similar communication by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear one another. Decisions of the Board and Board Committees may also be obtained through circular resolutions.

The attendance of the Directors at the Board and Board Committees meetings held in FY2022 is set out in the table below:

| Name of Directors  Board  Audit  Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  Mr Sun Bowen  2  2  3  NA  1  NA  1  NA  Mr Tan Keng Keat #  2  1  3  2 *  1  NA  1  NA  Mr Wee Phui Gam  2  2  3  3  1  1  1  1  Mr Hau Khee Wee  2  2  3  3  1  1  1  1  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  2  2  3  3  1  1  1  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Appointed as Executive Director on 6 October 2021

* Attendance by invitation of the relevant Board Committees

'NA' denotes 'not applicable' as he is not a member of the respective Board Committees

## Multiple Board Representations

All Directors are required to declare their board representations on an annual basis and as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his knowledge. When a Director has multiple board representations, and in considering the nomination of Directors for appointment or re-appointment, the NC will evaluate whether or not the Director is able to and has adequately carried out his duties as a Director of the Company, taking into consideration the Director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments.

The NC has reviewed all the declarations from the Directors and evaluated the competing time commitments faced by Directors serving on multiple boards during FY2022, and is satisfied that the Directors are able to and have adequately carried out their duties as Directors of the Company, as well as sufficient time and attention are given to the affairs of the Company, after taking into consideration each of the Directors' number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments in FY2022. In view of this, the NC and the Board were of the views that each individual Director is best placed to determine and ensure that he is able to devote sufficient time and attention to discharge his duties and responsibilities as a Director of the Company, and believes that it would not be necessary to put a maximum limit on the number of listed company board representations that each individual Director may hold. The Board and the NC will review the requirement to determine the maximum number of listed company board representations as and when they deem fit.

## Provision 1.6

## Access to Information

All Directors have unrestricted access to the Company's records and information. From time to time, they are provided with complete, adequate and timely information, on an on-going basis, in order for the Directors to discharge their duties efficiently and effectively.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

Detailed Board papers are prepared and circulated to the Directors before each Board meeting. The Board papers include sufficient information on financial, budgets, business and corporate issues to enable the Directors to be properly briefed on issues to be considered at the Board meetings. However, sensitive matters may be tabled at the meeting itself or discussed without any papers being distributed. Managers who can provide additional insight into the matters at hand would be present at the relevant time during the Board meeting.

The Board receives half-yearly financial management reports, annual budgets and explanation pertaining to the operational and financial performance of the Group, including updates on the Group's financial performance and position, cash flow position  and  operational  performance  of  the  Group's  assets  as  well  as  quarterly  management  reports  on  the  Group's receivables position. In respect of annual budgets, any material variance between the projections and actual results is also disclosed and explained.

The Board is also updated on the industry trends and developments surrounding the Group's various business segments to enable them to oversee the Group's operational and financial performance as well as risks faced by the Group.

## Provision 1.7

## Access to Management and Company Secretary

The Directors have separate and independent access to the Management and the Company Secretary, who are responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are followed and that applicable rules and regulations are complied, at all times through email, telephone and face-to-face meetings.

The Directors are also entitled to request for additional information and the Management is required to provide them such information on a timely basis. Any additional materials or information requested by the Directors to make informed decisions is promptly furnished.

The Company Secretary assists the Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of each Board Committee in the development of the agendas for the various Board and Board Committees meetings. The Company Secretary and/or his representatives attends all meetings of the Board and Board Committees. The Company Secretary prepares the minutes after each meeting and ensures that good information flows within the Board and its Board Committees and between the Management and Non-Executive Directors. The Company Secretary also facilitates the orientation of the Board and the Management and assists with professional development as and when required. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is decided by the Board as a whole.

## Access to Independent Professional Advice

Should Directors, whether as a group or individually, require independent professional advice in furtherance of their duties and responsibilities, the cost of such professional advice is borne by the Company.

## PRINCIPLE 2: BOARD COMPOSITION AND GUIDANCE

The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## Provision 2.1

## Independence of Directors

The criterion for independence is based on the definition set out in the Code and Practice Guidance, and taking into consideration whether the Director falls under any circumstances pursuant to Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. The Board considers an 'independent' Director as one who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgment with a view to uphold the best interests of the Company.

The NC is responsible for reviewing the independence of each of the Independent Directors according to the Code and Rule  406(3)(d)  of  the  Catalist  Rules  of  the  SGX-ST. The  NC  conducts  the  review  annually  and  considers  all  nature  of relationships and circumstances that could influence the judgement and decisions of the Independent Directors before tabling its finding and recommendations to the Board for approval.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

For FY2022, the Independent Directors have confirmed that they or their immediate family members do not have any relationship with the Company or any of its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Independent Directors' independent business judgment with a view to uphold the best interests of the Company, and do not fall under any of the circumstances pursuant to Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. The Independent Directors did not own shares of the Company and were not in any foreseeable situation that could compromise their independence of thought and decision. The Board, based on the review conducted by the NC, has determined that the said Directors are independent.

## Duration of Independent Directors' Tenure

The independence of any Director who has served on the Board beyond nine (9) years since the date of his first appointment will be subject to particularly rigorous review and the mandatory two-tier voting process to be sought at an AGM. As at the date of this report, none of the Independent Directors has served on the Board beyond nine (9) years since the date of his first appointment.

## Provision 2.2

## Proportion of Independent Directors

As at the date of this report, the Board consists of one (1) Executive Chairman, one (1) Executive Director and three (3) Independent Directors. The Company has complied with Provision 2.2 of the Code as Independent Directors make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman of the Board is an Executive Director.

The Board is able to exercise objective judgments on corporate affairs independently and constructively challenge key decision, taking into consideration the long-term interest of the Group and its shareholders. Further, the Company has in place an internal guideline for matters requiring Board's approval. Therefore, no individual or a small group of individuals be allowed to dominate the Board's decision making.

## Provision 2.3

## Proportion of Non-Executive Directors

A majority of three (3) out of five (5) Directors on the Board are Non-Executive Directors.

## Provision 2.4

## Composition and Size of the Board

As at the date of this report, the Board comprises the following five (5) Directors, two (2) of whom are Executive Directors and three (3) of whom are Independent Directors:

| ## Executive Directors  Mr Sun Bowen  -  Executive Chairman  Mr Tan Keng Keat  -  Executive Director (appointed on 6 October 2021)  ## Non-Executive Directors  Mr Wee Phui Gam  -  Lead Independent Director  Mr Hau Khee Wee  -  Independent Director  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  -  Independent Director   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC is responsible for examining the composition and size of the Board and Board Committees to determine the impact of the composition and size on its effectiveness and deciding on what is considered as an appropriate composition and size for the Board and Board Committees to facilitate effectiveness in the decision making.

The Board, in concurrence with the NC, is satisfied that the existing composition and size of the Board and Board Committees effectively serve the Group, taking into account the size, scope and nature of the operations of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Board Diversity

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. The Company is accordingly committed to promoting diversity of the Board. The Board has adopted its diversity policy (the ' Board Diversity Policy '), which has been published on the Company's corporate website for public information. In designing the Board's composition, the Board Diversity Policy requires the NC and the Board to consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, nationalities, ethnicity, cultural background, educational background, experience, skills, knowledge, independence and length of service. Any search firm engaged to assist the Board or the NC in identifying candidates for appointment to the Board will be specifically directed to include diverse candidates and women candidates in particular.

The Board recognises the importance of diversity, regardless of genders, age groups, skillsets, experiences and nationalities, and the importance of having an effective and diverse Board. The main objective of the Board Diversity Policy is to continue to maintain the appropriate balance of perspectives, skills and experience on the Board to support the long-term success of the Company. As the Group is primarily operating in the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC '), the Board members are currently of Chinese-ethnicity and proficient in the Chinese language with an understanding of the culture in the PRC. Notwithstanding that the Board comprises members of the same gender, the Board Diversity Policy provides that the NC and the Board shall endeavour to enable gender diversity to be included for consideration when identifying candidates to be appointed as new directors, in achieving gender equality.

In  identifying  nominees  for  directorship,  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  aims  to  have  an  appropriate  mix  of  expertise with complementary skills, core competencies and experience for facilitating effective decision making. Each Director has been appointed based on his skills, experience and knowledge, and is expected to bring forth his experience and expertise to the Board for the continuous development of the Group. The Board Diversity Policy provides that the NC will consider all aspects of diversity in reviewing the Board composition and succession planning.

All Directors possess the right core competencies and diversity of experience that enable them to effectively contribute to the Board. Their varied experiences are particularly important in ensuring that the strategies proposed by the Management are fully discussed and examined, taking into account the long-term interests of the Company, the Group and shareholders.

The NC is of the view that the current Board comprises members with diverse competencies, experience and skills that match the demands of the Group. The Board comprises Directors who provide core competencies in accounting and finance, business experience, industry knowledge, strategic planning, legal knowledge and customer-based experience and knowledge.

The  NC will  review  periodically  and/or  as  appropriate,  to  ensure  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and alignment with the requirements of the Code and taking into consideration the scope and nature of the operations as well as the evolving operating environment of the Group. The NC will recommend any required revisions to the Board for approval. With the introduction of Rule 710A of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST effective from 1 January 2022, the NC is also preparing for the new disclosures on board diversity and describe such disclosures in its annual report for FY2023.

## Board Guidance

An effective and robust board of directors, whose members engage in open and constructive debates and challenge the management on its assumptions and proposals, is fundamental to good corporate governance. Board of directors should also aid in the development of strategic proposals and oversee effective implementation by the management to achieve set objectives.

The Directors, in particular the Non-Executive Directors, are kept informed of the Company's business and affairs as well as about the industry in which the Company operates in. This knowledge is essential for the Directors to engage in informed and constructive  discussions. T o  ensure  that  Non-Executive  Directors  are well  supported  by  accurate,  complete  and  timely information, Non-Executive Directors have unrestricted access to the Management. Besides receiving regular Board briefings on latest market developments and trends, and key business initiatives, periodic information papers, industry and market reports, the Non-Executive Directors are regularly briefed by the Management on major decisions and prospective business deals.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Provision 2.5

## Meetings of Independent Directors with Management

Although all Directors have equal responsibility for the performance of the Group, the role of the Independent Directors is particularly important in ensuring that the strategies proposed by the Management are constructively challenged, fully discussed  and  rigorously  examined,  assessing  the  performance  of  the  Management  in  meeting  the  agreed  goals  and objectives, as well as monitoring the reporting of performance.

The Independent Directors are encouraged to meet regularly without the presence of the Management, so as to facilitate a  more  effective  check  on  the  Management.  During  FY2022,  the  Independent  Directors  have  met  informally  at  least once without the presence of the Management to discuss matters such as the Group's financial performance, corporate governance initiatives,  board  processes,  succession  planning  as well  as  leadership  development  and  the  remuneration of Directors and KMP. Thereafter, the Chairman of such meeting will provide feedback to the Board and/or Executive Chairman of the Company as appropriate.

## PRINCIPLE 3: CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Provision 3.1

## Separate Roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The Chairman of the Board and the CEO should in principle be separate persons to maintain an appropriate balance of power and authority, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making. There is a clear division of responsibilities, as set out in writing and agreed by the Board, between the leadership of the Board and the Management responsible for managing the Group's business operations.

For FY2022, Mr Sun Bowen was the Executive Chairman and Mr Tan Keng Keat was the Acting CEO of the Company and there was a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Executive Chairman and the Acting CEO.

However, Mr Tan Keng Keat had relinquished his position as Acting CEO of the Company subsequent to his appointment as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 6 October 2021. The Company has not appointed any CEO thereafter due to the size of its current operations. Mr Tan Keng Keat, being the Executive Director of the Company, assists and supports the finance team in China to discharge their duties and responsibilities for the financial and operational performance of  the  Group,  including  reviewing  and  charting  the  Group's  corporate  directions  and  strategies,  financial planning and related investment activities. He assists to ensure that corporate policies are properly complied with and work closely with the Executive Chairman to review corporate and other business issues. He also ensures the quality and timeliness of the flow of information between the finance team in China and the Board.

The  Board  is  of  the  opinion  that  the  process  of  decision  making  by  the  Board  has  been  independent  and  has  been based on collective decisions without any individual exercising any considerable concentration of power or influence. All Directors ensure that they have collectively taken decisions in the interests of the Company. Taking into consideration the development and execution of the Company's long-term strategies and plans, which include maximising value creation for its stakeholders, the Board will continue to review the role of the CEO and will consider filling up the post of the CEO when deemed appropriate or a suitable candidate(s) is sought.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Provision 3.2

## Role of Chairman and CEO

As the Executive Chairman of the Company, Mr Sun Bowen is responsible for the effective functioning of the Board and exercises control over the quality, quantity and timeliness of information flow between the Board and the Management, effective communication with shareholders and leads the Board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its role. In addition, Mr Sun Bowen also encourages constructive relations among the Directors and the Board's interaction with the Management, as well as facilitates effective contribution by the Non-Executive Directors. At the same time, Mr Sun Bowen is  also involved with providing the strategic direction of the Group, business development and enhancing ties with the Group's customers and business associates.

Responsibilities of Mr Sun Bowen as the Executive Chairman in respect of the Board proceedings include:

- (a) in  consultation with  the  Executive  Director,  scheduling  meetings,  setting  the  agenda  (with  the  assistance  of  the Company Secretary and/or his representatives) and ensuring that adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular, strategic issues;
- (b) ensuring that all agenda items are adequately and openly debated at the Board meetings;
- (c) ensuring that all Directors receive complete, adequate and timely information; and
- (d) assisting in ensuring that the Group complies with the Code and maintains high standards of corporate governance.

As the Company does not have a CEO to carry out the executive functions, the finance team in the PRC is responsible for the business direction and operational decisions of the Group and steering the strategic direction and growth of the Group's businesses with the assistance and support receive from the Executive Director, Mr Tan Keng Keat. The finance team in China regularly communicates with the Executive Chairman, Mr Sun Bowen and Mr Tan Keng Keat to update them on corporate issues and developments. As announced by the Company on 29 August 2022 in its update to shareholders on developments of the Group in the PRC and on 5 December 2022 regarding the proposed disposal by the Group of land use rights in respect of two (2) plots of land located in the Shandong Province of the PRC and the Wonder Stone Hotel and the land on which the Wonder Stone Hotel is situated (the ' Proposed Disposals '), the Group has entered into definitive agreements in relation to, and will be seeking shareholders' approval for, the Proposed Disposals.  Should the Proposed Disposals be completed (following receipt of the requisite shareholder approvals), the finance team in both the PRC and Singapore will be responsible to steer the strategic direction and growth of the Group's businesses with the continued assistance and support received from the Executive Director, Mr Tan Keng Keat.  Hence, the Board is of the view that despite the fact that the Company does not have a CEO, there is sufficient independent representation in the Board Committees, which comprises all Independent Directors, to provide diversity of thought, and an independent and objective element to the Group and strategic level decision making, which enable the Board to make decisions in the best interest of the Company.

## Provision 3.3

## Lead Independent Director

In view of the fact that the Executive Chairman is part of the management team and is not independent, the Board has a Lead Independent Director, Mr Wee Phui Gam, to provide leadership in situations where the Executive Chairman, who is not independent, is conflicted. The Lead Independent Director is a key member of the Board, representing the views of the Independent Directors and facilitating a two-way flow of information between shareholders, the Executive Chairman and the Board.

The Lead Independent Director's role may include chairing Board meetings in the absence of the Executive Chairman, working with the Executive Chairman in leading the Board, and providing a channel to Independent Directors for confidential discussions on any concerns and to resolve conflicts of interest as and when necessary.

In addition, the Lead Independent Director may also help the NC conduct annual performance evaluation and development succession plans for the Executive Chairman and the Executive Director and help the RC design and assess the remuneration of the Executive Chairman and the Executive Director.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

The Lead Independent Director also makes himself available at all times when shareholders have concerns and for which contact through normal channels of the Executive Chairman, Executive Director or Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ') have failed or is inappropriate. The Lead Independent Director makes himself available to shareholders at the Company's general meeting.

There were no queries or requests on any matters which required the Lead Independent Director's attention in FY2022.

The Company has established a Whistle-Blowing Policy where employees may, in confidence, raise concerns or observations about  possible  corporate  malpractices  and  improprieties  in  financial  reporting  or  other  matters  directly  to  the  Lead Independent Director. The contact details for reporting of incidents under the Whistle-Blowing Policy have been made available to all employees and the Company's corporate website.

## Independent Director Meetings in Absence of Other Directors

After meeting with shareholders or when there are issues to be discussed, the Lead Independent Director will lead meetings with other Independent Directors, without the presence of other Directors, and provide feedback to the Executive Chairman of the Board after such meetings, if it necessary.

During FY2022, the Independent Directors have met unofficially at least once to discuss the Company's matters without the presence of the other Directors, and the Lead Independent Director has also provided the feedback, where appropriate, to the Executive Chairman after such meetings.

## Terms of Reference for Chairman, CEO and Lead Independent Director

Pursuant to Provision 3.2 of the Code, for FY2022, the terms of reference for the Chairman, CEO and Lead Independent Director were set out in writing, including the division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the CEO. It also spells out the role and responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director.

Notwithstanding that the Company has not appointed any CEO to the Board, the Board takes a strategic approach to ensure appropriate resources, requisite competencies and sound systems and processes are in place to facilitate effective decision making and create value for its stakeholders. The Executive Chairman and Executive Director, who are knowledgeable in the business of the Group, provide the Group with strong and consistent leadership and allow for more effective planning and execution of long-term business strategies. They perform their executive functions to enable the Group to conduct its business efficiently and ensure that its decision-making process is not unnecessarily hindered. Further, the Lead Independent Director plays an additional facilitative role within the Board, and where necessary, he may also facilitate communication between the Board and shareholders or other stakeholders of the Company.

In view of the above, the Company is of the view that the intent of Principle 3 of the Code is met as no one individual of the Board has unfettered powers of decision making.

## PRINCIPLE 4: BOARD MEMBERSHIP

The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## Provision 4.1

## Roles and Duties of Nominating Committee

The Board established the NC with written terms of reference which clearly set out its authority and duties. The NC reports to the Board directly.

The terms of reference of the NC, which was revised and adopted for alignment with the Code and Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, sets out its duties and responsibilities. Amongst them, the NC is responsible for:

- (a) regularly and strategically review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, gender, age, qualification, experience and diversity) of the Board and Board Committees (taking into account Rule 406(3)(c) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST and Provisions 2.1 to 2.4 of the Code) and recommend changes, if any, to the Board;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

- (b) identifying and nominating candidates to fill Board vacancies as they occur;
- (c) requesting nominated candidates to disclose any existing or expected future business interests that may lead to a conflict of interest. This disclosure is included in any recommendation to the Board;
- (d) sending the newly-appointed Director a formal appointment letter which clearly sets out his roles and responsibilities, authority, and the Board's expectations in respect of his time commitment as a Director of the Company;
- (e) recommending the membership of the Board Committees to the Board;
- (f) reviewing the independent status of Non-Executive Directors (in accordance with Rules 406(3)(d)(i), (ii), and (iii) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, and the Provision 2.1 of the Code) and that of the alternate Director, if applicable, annually, or when necessary, along with issues of conflict of interest;
- (g) developing the performance evaluation framework for the Board, the Board Committees and individual Directors and propose objective performance criteria for the Board, the Board Committees and individual Directors;
- (h) recommending  that  the  Board  removes  or  reappoints  a  Non-Executive  Director  at  the  end  of  his  term,  and recommending the Directors to be re-elected under the provisions of the Company's Constitution on the policy of retirement by rotation. In making these recommendations, the NC considers the Director's performance, commitment and his ability to continue contributing to the Board;
- (i) reviewing other directorships held by each Director and deciding whether or not a Director is able to carry out, and has been adequately carrying out, his duties as a Director;
- (j) identifying and developing training programmes/schedules for the Board and Board Committees and ensuring all Board appointees undergo appropriate induction programme;
- (k) reviewing and ensuring that there is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and CEO of the Company in place;
- (l) reviewing with the Board its succession plans for the Board Chairman, Directors, CEO and KMP of the Company;
- (m) keeping up to date with developments in corporate governance initiatives, changes to relevant legislations, strategic issues and commercial changes that may affect the Company and the industry in which it operates; and
- (n) undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by the Board under the Code, statute or the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST (where applicable).

## Provision 4.2

## Nominating Committee Composition

As at the date of this report, the NC comprises the following three (3) members, all of whom, including the NC Chairman, are Independent Directors and Lead Independent Director is a member of the NC:

| Mr Hau Khee Wee  Chairman  Mr Wee Phui Gam  Member  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Member   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision 4.3

## Nomination and Selection of Directors

In the event of a vacancy arising pursuant to an expansion of the Board or such other circumstances as they may occur, or where it is considered that the Board will benefit from the services of a new Director with particular skills, the NC will, in consultation with the Board, determine the selection criteria and select candidates based on their experience and expertise for the position.

The NC may approach relevant institutions, e.g. SID, search consultants or via open advertisements to search for suitable candidates. The search for suitable candidates may also draw from the contacts and network of the existing Directors and the Management. Thereafter, the NC will identify candidates by conducting formal interviews with shortlisted candidates to assess their suitability and ensure that the candidates meet the criteria and expectations. After the selection process, the NC will make the necessary recommendation to the Board for approval. New Directors will be appointed after the NC makes the necessary recommendation to the Board for approval.

When an existing Director chooses to retire or the need for a new Director arises, either to replace a retiring Director or to enhance the Board's strength, the NC, in consultation with the Board, evaluates and determines the selection criteria so as to identify candidates with the appropriate expertise and experience for the appointment as new Director. The selection criterion includes integrity, diversity of competencies, expertise, industry experience and financial literacy.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Re-election of Directors

In accordance with Article 117 of the Company's Constitution, one-third of the Directors, or if their number is not in a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but not less than one-third, shall retire from office at every AGM. In addition, Article 122 of the Company's Constitution provides that all newly appointed Directors shall hold office only until the next AGM and are eligible to offer themselves for re-election.

In this respect, the Board has accepted the NC's nomination of the retiring Directors who had given their consent for reelection at the forthcoming AGM of the Company. The retiring Directors at the forthcoming AGM of the Company are Mr Sun Bowen and Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck, who will retire pursuant to Article 117 of the Company's Constitution.

Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Independent Director and a member of the AC, NC and RC of the Company respectively. Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck is considered by the Board to be independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST.

In making the recommendation, the NC has considered the Directors' overall contributions and performance and whether the Director has adequate time and attention to devote to the Company, in the case of Directors with multiple board representations.  Each  member  of  the  NC  shall  abstain  from  making  any  recommendation  and/or  participating  in  any deliberation of the NC in respect of the assessment of their own performance or re-election as a Director.

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, the information relating to the retiring Directors as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules is disclosed below:

| Name of Director  Mr Sun Bowen  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Date of Appointment  1 March 2019  (re-designated as Executive Chairman)  1 March 2018  (re-designated as Executive Director)  22 November 2017  (appointed as Non-Executive Director)  1 December 2017  Date of last re-appointment  (if applicable)  30 October 2020  30 October 2020  Age  72  60  Country of principal residence  China  Singapore  The Board's comments on this  appointment (including rationale,  selection criteria, and the search and  nomination process)  The re-election of Mr Sun Bowen  as the Executive Chairman of the  Board was recommended by the  NC and the Board has accepted the  recommendation, after taking into  consideration his expertise, past  experiences and overall contribution  since he was appointed as the Non-  Executive Director of the Company.  The re-election of Dr Danny Oh Beng  Teck as the Independent Director,  a member of the AC, NC and RC of  the Company was recommended by  the NC and the Board has accepted  the recommendation, after taking  into consideration his qualifications,  expertise, past experiences and  overall contribution since he was  appointed as the Independent  Director of the Company.  Whether appointment is executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Executive  Non-Executive  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman,  AC Member etc.)  Executive Chairman  Independent Director  Professional qualifications  Not applicable  Not applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

| Name of Director  Mr Sun Bowen  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Working experience  and occupation(s)  during   the past 10  years  2018 to present:  •   Executive Director, Imperium  Crown Limited  2016 to present:  •   Director, Global Entertainment  Media Pte Ltd  2013 to present:  •  Director, Shandong Yinguang Wen  Chuang Yuan Co., Ltd  2005 to 2018:  •  Executive Director, Fabchem China  Limited  2018 to 2022:  •  Non-Executive and non-  Independent Director, Fabchem  China Limited  2022 to present:  •   Independent Director,  Ecowise Holdings Limited  2012 to present:  •   Managing Director,  Cambrian Academy Pte Ltd  •  Managing Director,  Cambrian Engineering  Corporation Pte Ltd  •   Managing Director,  Cables &amp; Utilities Detection  Services Pte Ltd  Shareholding  interest  in the listed issuer  and its subsidiaries  The Company owns 60% equity  interest in Global Entertainment Media  Pte Ltd and the remaining 40% owned  by Fortsmith Investments Limited  ('  Fortsmith  '). Mr Sun Bowen is the  sole director of Forthsmith and owns  100% equity interest in Fortsmith.  None  Any relationship (including immediate  family relationships) with any existing  director, existing executive officer, the  issuer and/or substantial shareholder  of the listed issuer or of any of its  principal subsidiaries  None  None  Conflict of interest (including any  competing business)  None  None  Undertaking (in the format set out in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) has  been submitted to the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments including Directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  1.  Director, Hebei Yinguang Chemical  Co., Ltd  2.  Director, Feixian Yinguang  Transport Co., Ltd  3. Non-Executive and non-  Independent Director, Fabchem  China Limited  4.  Director, New Capital Arts and  Culture Pte. Ltd.  5.  Director, Shandong Yinguang  Technology Co., Ltd.  6.  Director, Feixian Yinguang  Magnesium Co., Ltd.  7.  Director, Wulian Hanyue Mining  Services Co., Ltd.  Managing Director,  Cambrian Aerospace Myanmar Co. Ltd   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

| Name of Director  Mr Sun Bowen  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Present  1.  Director, Shandong Yinguang Wen  Chuang Yuan Co., Ltd  2.  Director, Global Entertainment  Media Pte Ltd  3.  Director, Fortsmith  Investments Limited  4.  Director, Fei County Wonder Stone  Characteristics Town Development  Co., Ltd  5.  Director, Shandong Yinguang  Chemical Co., Ltd  6.  Director, Shandong Yinguang  Tianhong Property Development  Co., Ltd  7.  Director, Shandong Yinguang  Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd  1.  Independent Director,  Ecowise Holdings Limited  2.  Managing Director,  Cambrian Academy Pte Ltd  3.  Managing Director,  Cambrian Engineering  Corporation Pte Ltd  4.  Managing Director,  Cables &amp; Utilities Detection  Services Pte Ltd  Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7)  (a)  Whether at any time during the  last 10  years, an application or a  petition under any bankruptcy law  of any jurisdiction was filed against  him or against a partnership of  which he was a partner at the time  when he was a partner or at any  time within 2 years from the date  he ceased to be a partner?  No  No  (b)  Whether at any time during the  last 10 years, an application or  a petition under any law of any  jurisdiction was filed against an  entity (not being a partnership)  of which he was a director or  an equivalent person or a key  executive, at the time when he  was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive of that  entity or at any time within 2 years  from the date he ceased to be a  director or an equivalent person  or a key executive of that entity,  for the winding up or dissolution  of that entity or, where that entity  is the trustee of a business trust,  that business trust, on the ground  of insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No  Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7)  (d)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence, in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  fraud or dishonesty which is  punishable with imprisonment, or  has been the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any pending  criminal proceedings of which he is  aware) for such purpose?  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

| Name of Director  Mr Sun Bowen  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  (e)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence, in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement that relates to the  securities or futures industry in  Singapore or elsewhere, or has  been the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any  pending criminal proceedings  of which he is aware) for such  breach?  No  No  (f)  Whether at any time during  the last 10 years, judgment has  been entered against him in any  civil proceedings in Singapore or  elsewhere involving a breach of  any law or regulatory requirement  that relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty  on his part, or he has been the  subject of any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil  proceedings of which he is aware)  involving an allegation of fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty  on his part?  No  No  (g)  Whether he has ever been  convicted in Singapore or  elsewhere of any offence in  connection with the formation  or management of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether he has ever been  disqualified from acting as a  director or an equivalent person  of any entity (including the  trustee of a business trust),  or from taking part directly or  indirectly in the management of  any entity or business trust?  No  No  Information required pursuant to Catalist Rules 704(6) and/or 704(7)  (i)  Whether he has ever been the  subject of any order, judgment  or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently  or temporarily enjoining him from  engaging in any type of business  practice or activity?  No  No   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

| Name of Director  Mr Sun Bowen  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  (j)  Whether he has ever, to his  knowledge, been concerned with  the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the  affairs of:  (i)    any corporation which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing corporations in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (ii)   any entity (not being a  corporation) which has been  investigated for a breach  of any law or regulatory  requirement governing such  entities in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  (iii)    any business trust which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing business trusts in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (iv)    any entity or business trust  which has been investigated  for a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore  or elsewhere,  No  No  in connection with any matter  occurring or arising during that period  when he was so concerned with the  entity or business trust?  (k)  Whether he has been the  subject of any current or past  investigation or disciplinary  proceedings, or has been  reprimanded or issued any  warning, by the Monetary  Authority of Singapore or any  other regulatory authority,  exchange, professional body or  government agency, whether in  Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Alternate Director

During FY2022, there were no alternate Directors on the Board.

## Provision 4.4

## Continuous Review of Directors' Independence

The Company has put in place a process to ensure the continuous monitoring of the independence of the Directors whereby the Directors must immediately report any change in their external appointments that could affect their independence on the Board.

The NC reviews the independence of each Director annually in accordance with the definition of independence in the Code, Practice Guidance and Catalist Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST. Each Independent Director has submitted their confirmation of independence for the NC's reviews on an annual basis. For FY2022, the NC has reviewed and confirmed the independence of the Independent Directors of the Company, namely Mr Wee Phui Gam, Mr Hau Khee Wee and Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck, the Board is of the view that they are independent, taking into account the circumstances set forth in the Code and Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST.

## Provision 4.5

## Directors' Time Commitments

In addition to the current procedures for the review of the attendance records and analysis of directorships, a policy has also been put in place for Directors to notify the Board of any change in their external appointments. This would allow the Director to review his time commitments with the proposed new appointment and in the case of an Independent Director, to also ensure that his independence would not be affected.

| Name of  Director  Date of First  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election  Relationship  with Directors,  the Company  or Substantial  Shareholders  Directorships and/  or Chairmanships  both present and  those held over the  preceding three  years in other Listed  Companies  Other Principal  Commitments  Mr Sun  Bowen  22 November 2017  30 October 2020  Nil  Present  Nil  Preceding 3 years  Fabchem China Limited  (Non-Executive and  Non-Independent  Director)  •   Shandong Yinguang  Wen Chuang Yuan  Co., Ltd  (Director)  •   Global  Entertainment  Media Pte. Ltd.  (Director)  Mr Tan  Keng Keat  6 October 2021  29 October 2021  Nil  Present Camsing  Healthcare Limited  (Independent Director)  Preceding 3 years  Nil  Nil  Mr Wee  Phui Gam  19 October 2017  29 October 2021  Nil  Present  Nil  Preceding 3 years  Fabchem China Limited  (Acting Chairman/  Independent Director)  •  P G Wee  Partnership  (Managing Partner)  •  P G  T ax Services Pte  Ltd  (Director)  •  Y. C. Lee &amp; Co.  (Managing Partner)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

| Name of  Director  Date of First  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election  Relationship  with Directors,  the Company  or Substantial  Shareholders  Directorships and/  or Chairmanships  both present and  those held over the  preceding three  years in other Listed  Companies  Other Principal  Commitments  Mr Hau  Khee Wee  19 October 2017  29 October 2021  Nil  Present  China Kunda  Technology Holdings  Limited  (Independent Director)  Preceding 3 years  Bioton S.A.  (Supervisory board  member)  AGV Group Limited  (Independent Director)  •  YSQ International  Pte Ltd  (CFO)  Dr Danny  Oh Beng  Teck  1 December 2017  30 October 2020  Nil  Present  Ecowise Holdings  Limited  Preceding 3 years  Nil  •  Ecowise Holdings  Limited  •  Cambrian Academy  Pte Ltd  (Managing Director)  •  Cambrian  Engineering  Corporation Pte Ltd  (Managing Director)  •  Cables &amp; Utilities  Detection Services  Pte Ltd  (Managing Director)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The profile and relevant information of the members of the Board are set out on pages 13 to 15 of the annual report. Information of the interests of the Directors who held office at the end of the financial year in shares, debentures and share options in the Company and its related corporations (other than the wholly-owned subsidiaries) are set out in the Directors' Statement on page 52 of this annual report.

## PRINCIPLE 5: BOARD PERFORMANCE

The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

## Provisions 5.1 and 5.2

## Performance Criteria

The Board, through the NC, has used its best efforts to ensure that Directors appointed to the Board and Board Committees, whether individually or collectively, possess the background, experience, knowledge in the business, competencies in finance and management skills critical to the Group's business. It has also ensured that each Director, with his special contributions, brings the Board an independent and objective perspective to enable sound, balanced and well-considered decisions to be made.

The  NC  has  been  tasked  to  assist  the  Board  to  develop  a  performance  evaluation  framework  for  the  Board,  Board Committees and individual Directors, propose performance criteria and assist in the conducting of the evaluation, analyse the findings and report the results to the Board.

The NC, together with the Board, has established a formal process setting out the performance criteria for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and its Board Committees, and for assessing the contribution by each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board. Thereby aligning with the applicable principles and provisions set out in the Code.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

The assessment parameters for each Director include his knowledge and abilities, attendance records at the meetings of the Board and Board Committees, and the intensity and quality of participation at meetings. The NC and the Board have relied on the abovementioned parameters to evaluate the Directors' contribution individually and have taken such evaluation into consideration for the re-nomination of the Directors.

On an annual basis, all the Directors are required to complete individually each of the following:

- Board Performance Evaluation Questionnaire;
- AC Performance Evaluation Questionnaire;
- NC Performance Evaluation Questionnaire;
- RC Performance Evaluation Questionnaire; and
- Individual Director Self-Assessment Form.

For  FY2022,  the  NC  conducted  a  formal  review  of  the  performance  evaluation  of  the  Board,  Board  Committees  and individual Directors, by way of circulating the questionnaires to the Board and Board Committees and self-assessment form to each individual Director for completion. The summary of findings of each evaluation together with the feedback and recommendations from the Board, Board Committees and each individual Director had been discussed and reviewed by the NC which then decided on any follow-up or action plans that may be required.

## Board Evaluation Process

The evaluation serves to assess the effectiveness of the Board as a whole on the following parameters:

- (a) Board composition;
- (b) Board conduct of affairs;
- (c) Internal controls and risk management;
- (d) Board accountability;
- (e) CEO; and
- (f) Standards of conduct.

Based on the summary of findings of the evaluation for FY2022 together with the feedback and recommendations from each Director, the NC is satisfied that the Board as a whole had met its performance objective in FY2022.

## Board Committees Evaluation Process

The evaluation serves to assess the effectiveness of the Board Committees on the following parameters:

## Audit Committee

- (a) Membership and appointments;
- (b) Meetings;
- (c) Training and resources;
- (d) Financial reporting;
- (e) Risk management and internal control systems;
- (f) Internal audit process;
- (g) External audit process;
- (h) Compliance;
- (i) Anti-fraud;
- (j) Whistle-blowing;
- (k) IPTs and related party transactions;
- (l) Reporting;
- (m) Standards of conduct; and
- (n) Communication with shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

## Nominating Committee

- (a) Membership and appointments;
- (b) Meetings;
- (c) Training and resources;
- (d) Reporting;
- (e) Process for selection and appointment of new Directors;
- (f) Board diversity;
- (g) Nomination of Directors for re-election;
- (h) Independence of Directors;
- (i) Board performance evaluation;
- (j) Succession planning;
- (k) Multiple Board Representations;
- (l) Chairman and CEO;
- (m) Standards of conduct; and
- (n) Communication with shareholders.

## Remuneration Committee

- (a) Membership and appointments;
- (b) Meetings;
- (c) Training and resources;
- (d) Remuneration framework;
- (e) Reporting;
- (f) Standards of conduct; and
- (g) Communication with shareholders.

Based on the summary of the evaluation for FY2022 together with the feedback and recommendations from members of the respective Board Committees, the NC is satisfied that each of the Board Committees had met its performance objective in FY2022.

The primary objective of the Board evaluation exercise is to create a platform for the Board and Board Committees members to provide constructive feedback on the Board and Board Committees procedures and processes and the changes which should be made to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and Board Committees.

For FY2022, no external facilitator has been engaged to perform the Board assessment process. The NC has, without the engagement of an external facilitator, assessed the Board and Board Committees overall performance to-date and is of the view that the performance of the Board as a whole and Board Committees were satisfactory. Where relevant and when the need arises, the NC will consider such an engagement.

## Individual Directors Evaluation Process

The evaluation serves to assess the effectiveness of each of the individual Directors on the following parameters:

- (a) Attendance at Board meetings and related activities;
- (b) Adequacy of preparation for Board meetings;
- (c) Contribution;
- (d) Initiative;
- (e) Knowledge of the senior management's job scope;
- (f) Knowledge of the Company's business;
- (g) Participation in constructive debate/discussion;
- (h) Maintenance of independence;
- (i) Disclosure of IPTs; and
- (j) Declaration of conflicts of interest.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## I. BOARD MATTERS (cont'd)

Based on the summary of the evaluation for FY2022 together with the feedback and recommendations from the respective individual Directors, the NC is satisfied that each of the individual Directors had met his performance objective in FY2022.

The  individual  Director  evaluation  exercise  assists  the  NC  in  determining  whether  to  re-nominate  Directors  who  are due for retirement at the forthcoming AGM of the Company, and in determining whether Directors with multiple board representations are able to and have adequately discharged their duties as Directors of the Company.

Each member of the NC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of the assessment of his performance or his re-nomination as Director.

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS

## PRINCIPLE 6: PROCEDURES FOR DEVELOPING REMUNERATION POLICIES

The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

## Provision 6.1

## Roles and Duties of Remuneration Committee

The Board established the RC with written terms of reference which clearly set out its authority and duties. The RC reports to the Board directly.

The terms of reference of the RC, which was revised and adopted for alignment with the Code and Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, sets out its duties and responsibilities. Amongst them, the RC is responsible for:

- (a) determining the Company's remuneration policies. In doing so, it considers the Company's risk appetite and ensure that the policies are aligned to long-term goals;
- (b) ensuring that the level and structure of remuneration of the Board and KMP are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Company;
- (c) setting the remuneration policy for Directors (both Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors) and KMP;
- (d) recommending proposed Non-Executive Directors' fees for shareholders' approval;
- (e) monitoring the level and structure of remuneration for KMP relative to the internal and external peers and competitors;
- (f) ensuring that the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors is appropriate to the level of contribution;
- (g) reviewing  the  remuneration  of  employees  related  to  the  Directors,  CEO  or  substantial  shareholders,  if  any,  to ensure that their remuneration packages are in line with staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and level of responsibilities;
- (h) reviewing the ongoing appropriateness and relevance of the Company's remuneration policy (including but not limited to Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards and benefits-in-kind are covered) and other benefit programmes (where appropriate);
- (i) obtaining reliable, up-to-date information on the remuneration practices of other companies and the relevant market benchmarks through the appointment of external consultants;
- (j) overseeing any major changes in employee benefits or remuneration structures;
- (k) reviewing the design of all long-term and short-term incentive schemes for approval by the Board and shareholders;
- (l) ensuring that the contractual terms and any termination payments are fair to the individual and the Company and that poor performance is not rewarded;
- (m) setting performance measures and determining targets for any performance-related pay schemes operated by the Company;
- (n) ensuring that a significant and appropriate proportion of Executive Directors' and KMP remuneration is structured so as to link rewards to corporate and individual performance;
- (o) working and liaising, as necessary, with all other Board Committees on any other matters connected with remuneration matters; and
- (p) undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by the Board under the Code, statute or the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST (where applicable).

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS (cont'd)

## Provision 6.2

## Remuneration Committee Composition

As at the date of this report, the RC comprises the following three (3) members, all of whom, including the RC Chairman, are Independent Directors:

| Mr Hau Khee Wee  Chairman  Mr Wee Phui Gam  Member  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Member   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision 6.3

## Remuneration Packages and Framework

The RC reviews and recommends to the Board the remuneration packages or policies for the Executive Directors and the KMP based on the performance of the Group, the individual Director and the KMP. No Director individually decides or is involved in the determination of his own remuneration. The RC's recommendations are submitted for endorsement by the Board.

The RC also reviews the Company's obligations under the service agreement entered into with the Executive Directors and KMP that would arise in the event of termination of these service agreements. This is to ensure that such service agreements contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous. The RC aims to be fair and avoids rewarding poor performance.

The service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr Sun Bowen, Executive Chairman of the Company, expired on 1 March 2022 had been renewed for a further period of one (1) year in accordance with the terms of the said agreement. The RC and the Board (excluding Mr Sun Bowen) had reviewed and approved the service agreement without any change to the remuneration package.

The service agreement entered into between the Company and Mr Tan Keng Keat, Executive Director of the Company, expired on 1 September 2022 had been renewed for a further period of one (1) year in accordance with the terms of the said agreement. The RC and the Board (excluding Mr Tan Keng Keat) had reviewed and approved the service agreement without any change to the remuneration package.

## Provision 6.4

## Engagement of Remuneration Consultants

The RC has access to advice from the internal human resource department and, if necessary, the RC may seek advice from external professionals in the field of executive compensation and related matters of which the expenses are borne by the Company. No external consultant was engaged by the Company in FY2022.

## PRINCIPLE 7: LEVEL AND MIX OF REMUNERATION

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## Provisions 7.1

## Remuneration of Executive Directors and KMP

The Group's remuneration policy is to provide compensation packages at market rates which reward successful performance and to attract, retain and motivate the Executive Directors and KMP. It also motivates the Executive Directors to provide good stewardship of the company and KMP to successfully manage the Company for the long term. The remuneration packages take into account the performance of the Group, the Executive Directors and KMP.

The  remuneration  structure  of  the  Executive  Directors  and  KMP  comprises  both  fixed  and variable  components. The variable component is linked to the Group/Company's performance as well as the performance of the individual. Such performance-related  remuneration  is  designed  to  align  with  the  interests  of  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders  and promote long-term success of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS (cont'd)

At present, the Company does not have an employee share option scheme or a performance share plan.

Having reviewed and considered the variable components in the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and KMP, the RC is of the view that the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and KMP, which include a fixed component and a variable component, is aligned to the interest of shareholders and are not excessive. The variable portion is linked to individual performance, and is dependent on the performance of the Group, as well as the contribution of the individual to the Group's performance.

The annual reviews of the compensation are carried out by the RC to ensure that the remuneration of the Executive Directors, and KMP commensurate with their performance and that of the Company, giving due regard to the financial and commercial health and business needs of the Group. The performance of the Executive Directors (together with other KMP) is reviewed periodically by the RC and the Board.

## Claw-back Provisions

Apart from the above, the Company does not have any long-term incentives, including share option schemes, nor contractual provisions to allow the Group to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from Executive Directors and KMP as the incentives do not make up a significant percentage of their remuneration.

## Provision 7.2

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

The Board comprises of three (3) Non-Executive Directors who are independent. The Independent Directors are paid a fixed remuneration appropriate to their level of contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent and their responsibilities. No Director is involved in deciding his own remuneration. The Independent Directors have not been overcompensated to the extent that their independence is compromised.

The total remuneration of the Independent Directors is recommended for shareholders' approval at each AGM of the Company. Directors' fees for the Independent Directors of S$160,000 for FY2022 had been approved by shareholders at the last AGM of the Company held on 29 October 2021. For FY2023, Directors' fees for the Independent Directors will remain as S$160,000 to continue support of the Group's cost cutting and cash conservation measures aftermath of the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (' COVID-19 ') pandemic which impacted the Group's business operation. The said Directors' fees for FY2023, as recommended by the RC and endorsed by the Board, will be tabled for approval by shareholders at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

## Provision 7.3

## Comparative, Attractive, and Motivative Remuneration Package

The RC also considered, in consultation with the Executive Directors, amongst other things, their responsibilities, skills, expertise  and  contributions  to  the  Group's  performance  and whether the remuneration packages are competitive and sufficient to ensure that the Group is able to attract and retain and motivate Directors and KMP. The remuneration packages take into account the performance of the Group, the individual Directors and individual KMP.

The Company advocates a performance-based remuneration system for Executive Directors and KMP that is flexible and responsive to the market, comprises primarily a basic salary component and a variable component which is inclusive of bonuses and other benefits based on the Group's performance and the individual's performance such as management skills, process skills, people skills and business planning skills. This is designed to align remuneration with the interests of shareholders and link rewards to corporate and individual performance so as to promote the long-term sustainability of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS (cont'd)

## PRINCIPLE 8: DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION

The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## Provision 8.1

## Remuneration Criteria

Although the Code recommends full disclosure of the total remuneration paid to each individual Director and the CEO on a named basis, the Board, after reviewing the industry practice and analyzing the advantages and disadvantages in relation to the disclosure of remuneration of each Director, is of the view that such disclosure would be prejudicial to its business interest given the highly competitive environment.

Remuneration paid/payable to Executive Directors and KMP is determined by the Board after considering the performance of the individual, the Company and against comparable organisations. The RC has also reviewed the practice of the industry and considered the pros and cons of such disclosures. The compensation packages for employees including the Executive Directors  and  KMP  comprised  a  fixed  component  (base  salary),  a  variable  component  (cash-based  annual  bonus)  and benefits-in-kind, where applicable, taking into account amongst other factors, the individual's performance, the performance of the Group and industry practices.

An annual review of the compensation is carried out by the RC to ensure that the remuneration of the Executive Directors and  KMP  is  commensurate  with  their  performance  and  that  of  the  Company,  giving  due  regard  to  the  financial  and commercial health and business needs of the Group. The performance of the Executive Directors and CEO (together with other KMP) is reviewed periodically by the RC and the Board. In structuring the compensation framework, the RC also takes into account the risk policies of the Group, the need for the compensation to be symmetric with the risk outcomes and the time horizon of risks.

The Company has also disclosed the remuneration paid to each Director, the Chairman and the KMP using bands of S$250,000 for transparency. The procedure for setting remuneration is clearly disclosed and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation are disclosed through the Company's disclosure on its remuneration policies, as well as the disclosed remuneration in bands of no wider than S$250,000 and the breakdown of the components of their remuneration. The Board is of the view that in light of the above and despite its deviation from Provision 8.1 of the Code, the Company has provided a high level of transparency on remuneration matters, as information on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation had been disclosed in detail in the preceding paragraphs. Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the non-disclosure of the exact quantum of the remuneration of each Director and KMP will not be prejudicial to the interest of shareholders and complies with Principle 8 of the Code.

## Disclosure on Fees and Remuneration of Directors

A breakdown showing the level and mix of the remuneration payable to each individual Director for FY2022 is as follow:

| Name of Director  Remuneration  Band  Director's  Fees 1  (%)  Salary  Remuneration 2  (%)  Performance  Based Bonus  (%)  Other  Benefits (%)  Total  (%)  Mr Sun Bowen  &lt;$250,000  -  100  -  -  100  Mr Tan Keng Keat  &lt;$250,000  -  100  -  -  100  Mr Wee Phui Gam  &lt;$250,000  100  -  -  -  100  Mr Hau Khee Wee  &lt;$250,000  100  -  -  -  100  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  &lt;$250,000  100  -  -  -  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- 1 The Directors' fees were approved by shareholders at the last AGM held on 29 October 2021.
- 2 The salary remuneration shown are inclusive of Central Provident Fund (' CPF '), where applicable.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS (cont'd)

## Disclosure on Remuneration of Key Management Personnel

Mr Tan Keng Keat was the only KMP (who was the Acting CEO and CFO) for FY2022. A breakdown of the remuneration payable to the KMP (who are not Directors or the CEO), including the immediate family members of a Director or the CEO exceeding S$100,000 for FY2022, is as follows:

| Name of KMP  Remuneration  Band  Salary 1  (%)  Bonus 1  (%)  Other Benefits  (%)  Total  (%)  Mr Tan Keng Keat #  &lt;S$250,000  100  -  -  100%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#  Relinquished as the Acting CEO on 6 October 2021

Note:

1   The salary and bonus are inclusive of CPF.

The RC will review the remuneration of the Directors and the KMP from time to time.

The aggregate total remuneration for the top KMP (who are not Directors or CEO), including the immediate family member of a Director or CEO, is not disclosed as the Board is of the view that such disclosure may affect the retention or recruitment of competent personnel in a highly competitive business environment the Company operates in as well as the competitive pressures in the talent market due to limited talent pool. The Company needs to maintain stability and business continuity and any attrition in the KMP team would not benefit the Company. Accordingly, due to confidentiality and sensitivity issues attached to remuneration matters, especially in the case where the key management team is small, it would not be in the best interests of the Company to disclose the aggregate total remuneration for the top KMP (who are not Directors or CEO), including the immediate family member of a Director or CEO, as recommended by the Code.

The Company is transparent on remuneration policies as it has been disclosed not only as part of its compliance with Principle 8 but also in respect of Principle 7 of the Code. In particular, the Company has elaborated on the remuneration policy governing the remuneration of Executive Directors and KMP and the factors taken into account for the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors.

All Directors and KMP are remunerated on an earned basis and there were no termination, retirement and post-employment benefits granted during FY2022.

## Provision 8.2

## Disclosure on Remuneration of Employee related to Directors/CEO/Substantial Shareholders

There were no employees who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or are immediate family members of a Director, the  Executive  Chairman  or  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  and whose  remuneration  exceeded  S$100,000 during FY2022.

## Provision 8.3

## Long-Term Incentive Schemes

The Company had no long-term incentive schemes in place during FY2022.

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## PRINCIPLE 9: RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

## Provision 9.1

## Nature and Extent of Risks

The Board oversees the Company's risk management framework and policies, and ensures that the Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and the Group's assets.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (cont'd)

The Board has determined the Group's levels of risk tolerance and risk policies and oversees the Management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.

## Risk Management

The Board has ultimate responsibility for approving the strategy of the Group in addressing shareholders' expectations and does not expose the Group to an unacceptable level of operational, financial and compliance risks.

As the Group does not have a risk management committee, the AC assumes the responsibility of the risk management function. The Board monitors the Group's risks through the AC, internal and external auditors. Having considered the size and scale of the Group's business operations as well as its existing internal controls and risk management system, the Board is of the view that a separate risk committee is not required at the moment.

## Internal Controls

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for establishing, maintaining and reviewing the effectiveness of the Company's overall internal control framework. The Board also recognises that an effective internal control system will not preclude all errors and irregularities, as a system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance against material loss or financial misstatement. The Group's internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded, the proper accounting records are maintained, and financial information used within the business and for publication is reliable. In designing these controls, the Directors have given regard to the risks to which the businesses are exposed, the likelihood of such risks occurring and the costs of protecting against them.

## Provision 9.2

## Assurance from the Executive Chairman, CFO and KMP

The Board and the AC has reviewed, with the assistance of the internal and external auditors, the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems annually.

For FY2022, as the Acting CEO relinquished his role with effect from 6 October 2021 and was instead de-designated as Executive Director and CFO, the Board has received written assurance from the Executive Chairman and the Executive Director and CFO that, as at 30 June 2022, the Group's financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances.

For  FY2022,  the  Board  has  also  received  written  assurance  from  the  Executive  Director  and  CFO  and  the  Executive Chairman, being the representative of KMP, that the system of internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems in place were adequate and effective as at 30 June 2022 to address the risks that the Group considers relevant and material to its business operations.

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the internal and external auditors, and reviews performed by the Management, various Board Committees and the Board, as well as the said assurance set  out  above,  the  Board  is  satisfied  and  the AC  concurs with  the  Board  that  the  Group's  internal  controls  (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems were adequate and effective as at 30 June 2022 to address the risks that the Group considers relevant and material to its business operations.

The system of internal controls provides reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Group will not be adversely affected by any event that could be reasonably foreseen as it strives to achieve its business objectives. However, the Board notes that no system of internal controls and risk management systems can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

The  Management will  continue  to  review  and  strengthen  the  Group's  control  environment  and  devote  resources  and expertise towards improving its internal policies and procedures to maintain a high level of governance and internal controls.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (cont'd)

## PRINCIPLE 10: AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## Provision 10.1

## Roles and Duties of the AC

The Board established the AC with written terms of reference which clearly set out its authority and duties. The AC reports to the Board directly.

The terms of reference of the AC, which was revised and adopted for alignment with the Code and Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, sets out its duties and responsibilities. Amongst them, the AC is responsible for:

- (a) reviewing the financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of financial statements, and of announcements on the Company's financial performance and recommend changes;
- (b) overseeing and reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's risk management function and internal controls in relation to financial reporting and other financial-related risk and controls;
- (c) overseeing the Management in establishing the risk management framework of the Company;
- (d) reviewing  and  report  to  the  Board  at  least  annually  on  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  risk management and internal controls;
- (e) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the Company's internal audit function;
- (f) reviewing the scope and results of the external audit, and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- (g) recommending  to  the  Board  the  appointment,  reappointment  and  removal  of  the  external  auditors,  and  its remuneration and terms of engagement;
- (h) ensuring that the Company complies with the requisite laws and regulation;
- (i) ensuring that the Company has programmes and policies in place to identify and prevent fraud;
- (j) overseeing the establishment and operation of the whistleblowing process in the Company;
- (k) reviewing all IPTs and related party transactions; and
- (l) undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by the Board under the Code, statute or Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST (where applicable).

The AC has explicit authority to investigate any matters within its terms of reference. The AC also has full access to, and the cooperation of, the Management and full discretion to invite any Director or senior management to attend its meetings. The AC has adequate resources, including access to external consultants and auditors, to enable it to discharge its responsibilities properly.

## Provisions 10.2 and 10.3

## Audit Committee Composition

As at the date of this report, the AC comprises the following three (3) members, all of whom, including the AC Chairman, are Independent Directors:

| Mr Wee Phui Gam  Chairman  Mr Hau Khee Wee  Member  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  Member   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board is of the view that the members of the AC are appropriately qualified and possess the relevant accounting or related financial management expertise or experience to discharge their responsibilities. All AC members have many years of experience in accounting, finance and/or legal expertise and experience.

None of the AC members were previous partners or directors of the Company's existing auditing firms and none of the AC members hold any financial interest in the auditing firms.

## Provision 10.4

## Internal Audit Function

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard the shareholders' investments and the Group's assets. The AC has been assigned to oversee and ensure that such a system has been appropriately implemented and monitored.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (cont'd)

Messrs BDO LLP was previously engaged on a rotational basis and the last engagement was in FY2021. Due to the series of corporate restructuring transactions where the operating rights of the Wonder Stone Park (' WSP ') was withdrawn by the local Fei County Government which had also initiated discussions to acquire the Group's property portfolio which ultimately resulted in the entry into the definitive agreements for the Proposed Disposals, no internal audit work was performed externally for FY2022.  Instead, led by the CFO, an in-house review on internal controls was done by the finance department in FY2022. This  in-house  internal  audit  review was  reviewed  and  approved  by  the AC.    For  each  of  the  processes where work was undertaken, the review was conducted by a member of staff different from the individual responsible for the particular process. Any matters arising thereto were brough to the attention of the CFO for a collective discussion and all members of the finance department had direct and unfettered access to the AC. The AC has reviewed and is satisfied that the in-house audit function is sufficient and has the appropriate standing within the Group considering the size of the Group's operations. The AC also confirms that the internal audit function is effective, adequately resourced and independent of the activities that it audits. In view of the Group's entry into definitive agreements in relation to the Proposed Disposals, and the potential cash Company assessment, the Company will engage internal auditors for internal audit work to be performed externally for FY2023.

## External Audit Function

The AC reviews the scope and results of the audit carried out by the external auditors, the cost effectiveness of the audit and the independence and objectively of the external auditors. It always seeks to balance the maintenance of objectivity of the external auditors and their ability to provide value-for-money professional services.

Messrs RSM Chio Lim LLP (' RSM ') was re-appointed as the external auditors on 29 October 2021 until the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM of the Company. The aggregate amount of audit fees paid RSM in FY2022 was S$65,000 and nonaudit fees was S$14,500, which related to tax compliance work and sustainability reporting work.

The AC recommends to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, and approves the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors. The re-appointment of the external auditors is always subject to shareholders' approval at the AGM of the Company.

In reviewing the nomination of RSM for re-appointment for FY2023, the AC has considered the adequacy of the resources, experience and competence of RSM, and has taken into account the Audit Quality Indicators relating to RSM firm level and on the audit engagement level. Consideration was also given to the experience of the engagement partner and key team members in handling the audit. The AC has also reviewed the volume and nature of all non-audit services of the Group provided by RSM and is of the opinion that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of RSM. The Board also considered the audit team's ability to work in a cooperative manner with the Management whilst maintaining integrity and objectivity and to deliver their services professionally and within agreed timelines.

On the basis of the above, the AC and the Board are satisfied with the standard and quality of work performed by RSM and have recommended the nomination of RSM for re-appointment as external auditors for the ensuring year be tabled for shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM of the Company. The Board and the AC have also reviewed and are satisfied that  the  appointment  of  a  different  external  auditor,  Zhongxinghua  Certified  Public Accountant  LLP,  for  its  significant subsidiaries in the PRC would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Group.

For FY2022, the Company confirms that it has complied with Rules 712 and 716 of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST in relation to the appointment of audit firms for the Group. The AC and the Board are satisfied with the standards and the effectiveness of the audits performed by the independent auditors of the Company and the component external auditors for the Group.

## Provision 10.5

## Meeting with Internal and External Auditors without the Management

In performing its function, the AC meets with the external auditors and the internal auditors to discuss and evaluate the internal controls of the Group and review the overall scope of both external and internal audits. The AC also meets regularly with the Management, the CFO, and external auditors to keep abreast of any changes to the accounting standards and issues which could have a direct impact on the Group's financial statements. At least once a year and as and when required, the AC meets with the external auditors and the internal auditors without the presence of the Management, to review any matters that might be raised privately.

The AC had separately met with the external auditors and the internal audit function once without the presence of the Management for FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (cont'd)

## Whistle-Blowing Policy

The Company has adopted a Whistle-Blowing Policy which provides well-defined and accessible channels in the Group through which employees may raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters which they become aware and to ensure that:

- (i) independent investigations are carried out in an appropriate and timely manner;
- (ii) appropriate action is taken to correct the weakness in internal controls and policies which allowed the perpetration of fraud and/or misconduct and to prevent a recurrence; and
- (iii) administrative, disciplinary, civil and/or criminal actions that are initiated following the completion of investigations are  appropriate,  balance  and  fair, while  providing  reassurance  that  employees will  be  protected  from  reprisals  or victimisation for whistle-blowing in good faith and without malice.

The  Group  also  extended  the  Whistle-Blowing  Policy  to  members  of  the  public  as  well  by  means  of  the  Company's corporate website where the email addresses of the Chairman of the AC and another Independent Director are available for the raising of potential concerns under the Whistle-Blowing Policy. The objective for such arrangements is to ensure independent investigation of matters raised and to allow appropriate actions to be taken.

The Group will treat all information received confidentially and protect the identity and the interest of all whistleblowers, and the whistleblower will not be subject to detrimental or unfair treatment. The whistle-blowing policy and procedures are reviewed by the AC from time to time to ensure they remain relevant. The AC reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. Should the AC receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the Group, the AC and the Board have access to the appropriate external advice where necessary. Where appropriate or required, a report shall be made to the relevant government authorities for further investigation or action.

The AC did not receive any reports of whistle-blowing incidents during FY2022 and up to the date of this report.

## Audit Committee Activities

In FY2022, the AC had, among others, carried out the following activities:

- (a) reviewed the half-year and full-year financial statements announcements of the Group, and recommended to the Board for approval and release to the SGX-ST via SGXNet;
- (b) reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls, and risk management systems;
- (c) reviewed IPTs of the Group;
- (d) reviewed and approved the annual audit plan of the external auditors;
- (e) reviewed and approved the internal audit plan of the internal auditors, having considered the scope of the internal audit procedures;
- (f) reviewed the effectiveness of the Group's internal audit function;
- (g) reviewed the audit findings of the internal auditors and the Management's responses to those findings;
- (h) reviewed the independence of the external auditors;
- (i) reviewed  the  annual  re-appointment  of  the  external  auditors  and  determined  their  remuneration,  and  made  a recommendation for the Board's approval; and
- (j) met with the internal and external auditors once without the presence of the Management.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## IV. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## PRINCIPLE 11: SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## 2020 AGM and 2021 AGM

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Singapore entered a circuit breaker period during which physical meetings were not allowed to be held. The FY2020 AGM and FY2021 AGM were held by way of electronic means. The COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit T rusts and Debenture Holders) (Amendment) Order 2020 (the ' Order ') came into force to provide for alternative arrangements for, amongst others,  listed  companies  in  Singapore  to  hold  their  general  meetings.  Pursuant  to  the  Order,  the  Company  adopted  certain alternative arrangements in holding its AGM in 2020 and 2021, including:

- (i) the AGMs were held via electronics means;
- (ii) participation in the AGMs electronically by shareholders via 'live' audio-visual webcast or 'live' audio-only stream;
- appointment of only the Chairman of the AGMs by shareholders as their proxy to vote on their behalf at the respective
- (iii) AGM if such shareholders wish to exercise their voting rights; and
- (iv) submission of questions on matters relating to the agenda of the respective AGM to the Company in advance.

In addition, the Company was not required to distribute physical copies of the annual report, the notice of the AGMs and related meeting documents. Such documents were available for download from the Company's corporate website and the SGX-ST's website.

## 2022 AGM

With the easing of COVID-19 safe management measures implemented in Singapore, the 2022 AGM will be held physically to accord shareholders with the full rights to directly and immediately engage with the Board and voting at the general meeting.

This is also in accordance with the SGX Regulator's Column entitled, 'Live engagement and voting expected at all AGMs for  FYs  ending 30 June 2022 or after' and its FAQ released by Singapore Exchange Regulation on 23 May 2022 (the ' Arrangements for Participation in the 2022 AGM ').

Further details about the Arrangements for Participation in the 2022 AGM are set out and explained in the Notice of the 2022 AGM and related announcements, copies of which can be downloaded from the Company's corporate website or the SGX-ST's website.

## Provision 11.1

## Shareholders' Participation in General Meetings

Shareholders are informed of shareholders' meetings through notices contained in annual reports or circulars sent to all shareholders. These notices are also published in newspapers and posted onto the SGXNet.

In  order to provide ample time for the shareholders to review, the notice of AGM, together with the annual report, is distributed to all shareholders fourteen (14) days before the scheduled AGM date. Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings to ensure a high level of participation and accountability.

If a shareholder is not able to attend in person, the shareholder is generally able to appoint one (1) or two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead at general meetings. On 3 January 2016, the legislation was amended, among other things to allow certain members, defined as 'relevant intermediary' to attend and participate in general meetings without being constrained by the twoproxy requirements. Relevant intermediary includes corporations holding licenses in providing nominee and custodial services and CPF Board which purchases shares on behalf of the CPF investors. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.

Shareholders are invited to attend the general meetings to put forth any questions they may have on the motions to be debated and decided upon.

Shareholders are also informed of the voting procedures prior to the commencement of voting by poll. Resolutions are passed through a process of voting and shareholders are entitled to vote in accordance with established voting rules and procedures.

## IV. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT (cont'd)

## Provision 11.2

## Conduct of Resolutions and Voting

Separate  resolutions  are  tabled  at  the  general  meetings  on  each  substantially  separate  issue,  unless  the  issues  are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal. If a scenario arises where the resolutions are interconditional, it is the Company's current intention to explain the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.

The Company typically ensures that there are separate resolutions at general meetings on each distinct issue. Detailed information on each item in the AGM/Extraordinary General Meeting (' EGM ') agenda is provided in the explanatory notes to the notice of AGM/EGM.

## Provision 11.3

## Interaction with Shareholders

Directors and the Management are encouraged to be present and available at general meetings to address shareholders' queries relating to the Company's business or performance. The Management is also encouraged to make a presentation to shareholders to update them on the Company's performance, position and prospects at general meetings. Presentation materials will be made available on the SGXNet and the Company's corporate website for the benefit of shareholders.

The respective Chairperson of the AC, NC and RC are present to assist the Directors in addressing any relevant queries raised by shareholders. The external auditors will also be present at the AGM of the Company to address shareholders' queries on the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the auditor's report.

Save for the last AGM of the Company held on 29 October 2021 which all Directors were present for, there were no other general meetings of the Company held during FY2022.

## Provision 11.4

## Absentia Voting

Notwithstanding the Company's Constitution provides for voting in absentia (such as voting via mail, electronic mail or facsimile), the Company has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia through mail, electronic mail or fax until security, integrity and other pertinent issues are satisfactorily resolved.

## Provision 11.5

## Minutes of General Meetings

The proceedings of each of the general meetings will be properly recorded, including substantial or relevant comments or  queries  from  Shareholders  relating  to  the  agenda  of  the  general  meetings  and  responses  from  the  Board  and  the Management. All minutes of the general meetings will be made available on the Company's corporate website and the SGXNET within one month after the general meeting.

## Provision 11.6

## Dividend Policy

In considering dividend payments, the Company takes into account, amongst other factors, current cash position, future cash  requirements,  profitability,  retained  earnings  and  business  outlook.  In  this  regard,  the  Company  does  not  have  a fixed dividend policy. For FY2022, the Company will not be paying any dividends to shareholders as the Company has no distributable profits to declare dividends.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## IV. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT (cont'd)

## PRINCIPLE 12: ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## Provision 12.1

## Communication with Shareholders

The  AGM  is  the  principal  forum  for  dialogue  with  shareholders.  The  Company  recognises  the  value  of  feedback  from shareholders.  During  the  general  meetings,  shareholders  are  given  ample  time  and  opportunities  to  air  their  views  and concerns. All the Directors will endeavour to attend the AGMs and EGMs, and shareholders will be given the chance  to share their thoughts and ideas or ask questions relating to the resolutions to be passed or on other corporate and business issues.

The Company believes in regular, effective and fair communication with its shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' views and addressing their concerns where possible. The Company's officers promptly communicate with its shareholders and analysts whenever appropriate and attend to their queries or concerns. The Company's officers also manage the dissemination of corporate information to the media, public, institutional investors and public shareholders, and act as a liaison point for such entities and parties.

The Company believes in maintaining regular dialogue with shareholders and it encourages shareholders' participation at general meetings and analyst briefings which also act as a platform to solicit and understand the views of shareholders and to address shareholders' concerns.

## Provisions 12.2 and 12.3

## Investor Relations Policy

The Company does not have an investor relations policy in place. However, the Board's policy is that all shareholders should be informed simultaneously in an accurate and comprehensive manner regarding all material developments that impact the Group via SGXNet on an immediate basis, in line with the Group's disclosure obligations pursuant to the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST and the Companies Act. There is no dedicated investor relations team in place as the Board is of the view that the current communication channels are sufficient and cost-effective.

## Disclosures of Information

The  Company  endeavors  to  maintain  regular  and  effective  communication  with  shareholders  through  timely  and comprehensive  announcements.  It  has  adopted  a  policy  of  making  all  necessary  disclosures  in  public  announcements via SGXNet and the Company's corporate website. The annual report is sent to all shareholders on a timely basis and announced via SGXNet and the Company's corporate website. The Company does not practice selective disclosure of material information.

Communication to shareholders is normally made through:

- (a) annual reports that are prepared and issued to all shareholders;
- (b) annual and half-year financial statements announcements containing a summary of the financial information and affairs of the Group for the period;
- (c) notices and explanatory memoranda for general meetings;
- (d) disclosures to the SGX-ST via SGXNet; and
- (e) press/media releases.

The Company will put all resolutions to vote by poll and make an announcement of the detailed results showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentages.

Outside  of  the  financial  announcement  periods, when  necessary  and  appropriate,  the  Executive  Chairman  and/or  the Executive Director will meet with its stakeholders, shareholders, analysts and media who wish to seek a better understanding of the Group's operations.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## V. MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## PRINCIPLE 13: ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

## Provisions 13.1

## Stakeholders' Engagement

The Company and the Group have regularly engaged its stakeholders through various medium and channels, such as conducting analysts briefings and maintaining a corporate website, to ensure that the business interests are aligned with those of the stakeholders, to understand and address the concerns so as to improve services and products' standards, as well as to sustain business operations for long-term growth.

The stakeholders have been identified as those who are impacted by the Group's business and operations and those who are similarly able to impact the Group's business and operations. Five (5) stakeholders' groups have been identified through an assessment of their significance to the business operations. They are namely, shareholders, suppliers, customers, management and employees.

## Provision 13.2

## Strategy and Key Areas of Focus

The Company and the Group have undertaken a process to determine the economic, environmental, social and governance issues, which are important to these stakeholders. These issues form the materiality matrix upon which targets, performance and progress are reviewed and endorsed by the Board annually.

## Sustainability Reporting

The Company upholds high standards of responsible, sustainable and socially aware business practices and is committed to incorporating sustainability in its corporate culture and improving the economic, environmental and social wellbeing of our stakeholders. The Company balances economic viability with sustainability and social progress for future generations. The Company is also cognisant of the challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and remain committed to ensuring the safety of its guests and employees.

Below is a summary table of the material topics in line with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards that are relevant to the Group and our stakeholders.

| Economic  Environmental  Social  Market Presence  Indirect Economic Impacts  Anti-corruption  Tax  Energy  Water and Effluents  Biodiversity  Emissions  Waste  Environmental Compliance  Supplier Environmental  Assessment  Employment  Occupational Health and  Safety  Training and Education  Diversity and Equal  Opportunity  Local Communities  Supplier Social  Assessment  Customer Health and Safety  Socio-economic compliance  Non Discrimination   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Detailed information on the Group's efforts on sustainability management in FY2022 is disclosed in the 2022 Sustainability Report, which was issued on 28 November 2022 and also published on the Company's corporate website and available on the SGXNet.

## Provision 13.3

## Corporate Website

To promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders, the Company maintains a current corporate website, www.imperium-crown.com, through which shareholders are able to access up-to-date information on the Group. The website provides annual reports, financial information, profiles of the Group and contact details of the investor relations of the Group.

## VI.  INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

To ensure compliance with the relevant rules under Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, the Board and the AC regularly review if the Company will be entering into any IPTs and if it does, to ensure that the Company complies with the requisite rules under Chapter 9 in ensuring that all the IPTs are conducted at arms' length and on normal commercial terms and ensuring that it will not be prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders. The Group does not have a general mandate for IPTs.

The AC has reviewed the IPTs for FY2022 and is of the view that the transactions were on normal commercial terms and not prejudicial to the interests of the Company and its minority shareholders. The controlling shareholder of the Company and Mr Sun Bowen, through companies related to him, have extended interest-free loans amounting to S$490,000 and S$12.110 million respectively to the Group for working capital purposes. The loans are unsecured and there are no specific repayment terms. The amount at risk of the interest-free loans is zero. Save as disclosed above, there were no IPTs with value of S$100,000 and above for FY2022.

## VII.  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

For FY2022, the Company does not have a corporate social responsibility (' CSR ')  policy  in  place. The  business  of  the Company is currently in transition following the withdrawal of the operating rights of the WSP by the local government of Fei County and the entry by the Group into definitive agreements regarding the Proposed Disposals. The Company will consider drawing up a CSR policy after the completion of the Proposed Disposals.

## VIII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Save for (a) the loan agreements between each of Shandong Yinguang Chemical Co., Ltd and Shandong Yinguang Cultural Tourism Enterprise Co., Ltd, being companies related to Mr Sun Bowen (the Executive Chairman), and the Group (in relation to the transactions as disclosed in the 'Interested Person Transactions' section above); (b) the option agreements between the company and each of Mr Sun Bowen (the Executive Chairman) and Mr Wee Henry (the Controlling Shareholder), as approved by shareholders of the Company at the EGM convened on 29 March 2018 (as further described in the Directors' Statement); and (c) the service contracts between the Executive Chairman and the Company, and the Executive Director and CFO and the Company, there were no material contracts entered into by the Group involving the interests of the Directors or controlling shareholder, which are either still subsisting at the end of FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.

## IX. DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

The Company has complied with Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST in relation to the best practices on dealings in the securities. The Company has established guidelines and a system of controls in monitoring the dealings in its securities by Directors and its officers, by monitoring the monthly shareholders listing to track share transactions by the Directors and its officers.

In  addition,  the  Company  has  implemented  a  policy  whereby  Directors  and  its  officers  are  prohibited  from  dealing  in the Company' securities during the period commencing one (1) month prior to the release of the half-year and full-year announcements of the Company's financial results and ending on the date of announcement of the relevant results. In addition, Directors and its officers are also discouraged from dealing in the Company's securities on short-term considerations.

## X. NON-SPONSORSHIP FEES

With reference to Rule 1204(21) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, no non-sponsor fees were paid to the Company's sponsor, Stamford Corporate Services Pte Ltd for FY2022.

## STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

The directors are pleased to present the consolidated financial statements of Imperium Crown Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ') and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the reporting year ended 30 June 2022.

## 1. OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the directors,

- (a) the accompanying financial statements and the consolidated financial statements are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Company and, of the financial position and performance of the Group for the reporting year covered by the financial statements or consolidated financial statements; and
- (b) at the date of the statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

The board of directors approved and authorised these financial statements for issue.

## 2. DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Mr Sun Bowen Mr Tan Keng Keat (Appointed on 6 October 2021) Mr Wee Phui Gam Mr Hau Khee Wee Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

## 3. DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES

The directors of the Company holding office at the end of the reporting year were not interested in the shares or debentures of the Company or other related body corporate as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Act ') except as follows:

| ## Name of directors and companies in which interests are held  At beginning of the reporting year  At end of the reporting year  The Company  Number of unissued shares under option  Mr Sun Bowen  300,000,000  300,000,000  Number of shares  Mr Tan Keng Keat  3,843,000  3,843,000  Number of shares  Subsidiary  (Global Entertainment Media Pte. Ltd.)  Mr Sun Bowen  3,208,354  3,208,354   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of section 7 of the Act, Mr Sun Bowen is deemed to have an interest in Global Entertainment Media Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries.

The directors' interests set out above as at 21 July 2022 were the same as those at the end of the reporting year.

## 4. ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE BENEFITS BY MEANS OF ACQUISITION OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Neither at the end of the reporting year nor at any time during the reporting year did there subsist arrangements to which the Company is a party, being arrangements whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate except for the option rights mentioned below.

## 5. OPTIONS

During the reporting year, no option to take up unissued shares of the Group subsisted and/or was granted except for the following:

The Company had entered into share option agreements on 26 February 2018 with Mr Sun Bowen and Mr Wee Henry (together,  the  ' Option Subscribers '),  which was  approved and adopted by its members at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 29 March 2018. Pursuant to the share option agreements, the Company issued to the Option Subscribers an aggregate of 600,000,000 share options (the ' Options '), with each Option carrying the right to subscribe for one new ordinary share in the Company at the exercise price of $0.085 (the ' Exercise Price ') for each new share on the terms and conditions of the share option agreements (the ' Grant of Options ').

These  options  are  exercisable  between  26  February  2018  and  25  February  2023. The  options  granted  are vested immediately.

The number of outstanding options at the end of the reporting year was:

| Exercise Price  Date of grant of Options  Exercise period  Number of options at  30.06.2022  30.06.2021  '000  '000  $0.085  29 March 2018  From 26 February 2018 to  25 February 2023  600,000  600,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarises information about share options outstanding at the end of the reporting year:

| Participants  Options granted  for reporting  year ended  30 June 2022  Aggregate  options  granted since  commencement  to 30 June 2022  Aggregate  options  exercised since  commencement  to 30 June 2022  Aggregate  options  outstandings as  at 30 June 2022  '000  '000  '000  '000  Mr Sun Bowen  (Director of the Company)  -  300,000  -  300,000  Mr Wee Henry  (Controlling shareholder of the Company)  -  300,000  -  300,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aside from the share option agreements with the Option Subscribers, the Company has not granted any other options to any other persons and does not have any existing share option schemes. Accordingly, no person has received 5% or more of options of the Company, save for the Option Subscribers.

Except for the above, during the reporting year:

- (i) no other option to take up unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries was granted; and there were no shares issued by virtue of the exercise of an option to take up unissued shares.

(ii) there were no unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries under options granted by the Company or its subsidiaries as at end of the reporting year.

## 6. REPORT OF AUDIT COMMITTEE

The members of the Audit Committee (' AC ') at the date of this report are as follow:

| Mr Wee Phui Gam  (Chairman of AC and Lead Independent Director)  Mr Hau Khee Wee  (Member of AC and Independent Director)  Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck  (Member of AC and Independent Director)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The AC performs the functions specified by section 201B (5) of the Act. Among other functions, it performed the following:

- Reviewed the half-yearly and annual financial statements and the independent auditor's report on the annual financial statements of the Company before their submission to the board of directors;
- Reviewed  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  material  internal  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and compliance controls, and information technology and risk management via reviews carried out by the internal auditor;
- Met with the independent auditor, other committees and management in separate executive sessions to discuss any matters that these groups believe should be discussed privately with the AC;
- Reviewed with the internal auditor the scope and results of the internal audit procedures (including those relating to financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management) and the assistance given by the management to the internal auditor;
- Reviewed  legal  and  regulatory  matters  that  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the  financial  statements,  related compliance policies and programmes and any reports received from regulators;
- Reviewed the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the independent auditor;
- Reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the independent auditor;
- Reviewed the scope and results of the audit;
- Reviewed actions and minutes of the AC to the board of directors with such recommendations as the AC considered appropriate; and
- Reviewed interested person transactions in accordance with the requirements of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist.

Other functions performed by the AC are described in the report on corporate governance included in the annual report. It also includes an explanation of how independent auditor objectivity and independence are safeguarded where the independent auditor provides non-audit services.

The AC has recommended to the board of directors that the independent auditor, RSM Chio Lim LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as independent auditor at the next annual general meeting of the Company.

## 7. INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

RSM Chio Lim LLP has expressed willingness to accept re-appointment.

56

## STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

## 8. DIRECTORS' OPINION ON THE ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL CONTROLS

Based on the internal controls established and maintained by the Company, work performed by the independent external auditors and the in-house internal audit review, and reviews performed by management, other committees of the board and the board, the audit committee and the board are of the opinion that the Company's internal controls, addressing financial, operational, compliance risks and information technology controls and risk management systems, are adequate as at and for the reporting year ended 30 June 2022.

## 9. SUBSEQUENT DEVELOPMENTS

There are no significant developments subsequent to the release of the Group's and the Company's preliminary financial statements, as announced on 29 August 2022, which would materially affect the Group's and the Company's operating and financial performance as of the date of this report other than those disclosed in Note 27 to the financial statements.

On behalf of the directors

Wee Phui Gam Director

13 December 2022

Tan Keng Keat

Director

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Disclaimer of Opinion

We were engaged to audit the financial statements of Imperium Crown Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group '), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group, and statement of changes in  equity  of  the  Company  for  the  reporting year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  financial  statements,  including  significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.

We do not express an opinion on the accompanying financial statements of the Group and statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company. Because of the significance of the matter described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.

## Basis for disclaimer of opinion

As disclosed in Note 1 in the financial statements, which indicates that the Group has incurred a net loss of $76,675,000 during the reporting year ended 30 June 2022 and, as of that date, the Group's and Company's total current liabilities exceeded its  total  current assets by $15,222,000 and $1,259,000 respectively.  These events or conditions indicate that a material uncertainty exists and may cast significant doubt on the Group and the Company's ability to continue as going concerns. Management has however assessed and reached a conclusion that the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate due to the basis and actions by Management as disclosed in Note 1.

The ability of the Group and of the Company to continue in operational existence in the foreseeable future and to meet their financial obligations as and when they fall due are dependent upon the enforceability of financial support undertakings provided by the controlling shareholder, the Executive Chairman and the related entities of the Executive Chairman, the approval of the disposal of assets by the shareholders and the ability of the relevant subsidiaries to remit the proceeds from the disposal of the non-current assets to be received in the People's Republic of China to the Company to support the Company's operations in Singapore in the foreseeable future.  At the date of this report, we are however unable to obtain sufficient audit evidence regarding the likely outcome of these matters and assumptions. Therefore, we are not able to form an opinion as to whether the going concern basis of presentation for the accompany financial statements of the Group and the Company is appropriate.

If the going concern is inappropriate, adjustments may have to be made to reflect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at the amounts which could differ significantly from the amounts at which they are now recorded in the statement of financial position.  In addition, the Group and Company may have to provide for further liabilities which may arise and to reclassify non-current assets and liabilities as current assets and liabilities respectively.  No such adjustments have been made to these financial statements.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## 58

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED

## Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our responsibility  is  to  conduct  an  audit  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  Singapore  Standards  on Auditing and to issue an auditor's report. However, because of the matters described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.

We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA) Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (ACRA Code) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code.

## Report on other legal and regulatory requirements

In our opinion, in view of the significance of the matter referred to in the Basis for disclaimer of opinion section of our report, we do not express an opinion on whether the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and those subsidiaries incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors, have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Ng Thiam Soon.

## RSM Chio Lim LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants Singapore

## 13 December 2022

Engagement partner - effective from year ended 30 June 2018

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  5  1,854  2,429  Other income  6  39  63  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  7  (4,115)  (3,901)  Employee benefits expense  8  (1,318)  (1,345)  Allowance for impairment loss on intangible assets  9  (93,973)  (6,300)  Other expenses  9  (3,173)  (3,859)  Finance costs  10  (3)  (2)  Loss before tax from continuing operations  (100,689)  (12,915)  Income tax benefit  11  24,014  2,356  Loss for the year from continuing operations  (76,675)  (10,559)  Other comprehensive income  Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign  operations, net of tax  21A  38  391  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  38  391  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (76,637)  (10,168)  Net loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (41,903)  (5,397)  Non-controlling interests  (34,772)  (5,162)  (76,675)  (10,559)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (41,865)  (5,012)  Non-controlling interests  (34,772)  (5,156)  (76,637)  (10,168)  Loss per share  Currency unit  Cents  Cents  Basic and diluted  24  (5.31)  (0.68)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 30 June 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  12  13,979  19,493  31  77  Intangible assets  14  6,983  103,318  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  15  -  -  6,006  38,108  Trade and other receivables  16  -  -  3,111  3,311  Other financial assets  17  -  -  -  -  Total non-current assets  20,962  122,811  9,148  41,496  Current assets  Trade and other receivables  16  1,163  1,587  26  26  Cash and cash equivalents  18  405  321  337  208  Total current assets  1,568  1,908  363  234  Total assets  22,530  124,719  9,511  41,730  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  19A  84,190  84,190  84,190  84,190  Treasury shares  19B  (58)  (58)  (58)  (58)  Accumulated losses  (82,822)  (40,919)  (80,841)  (47,650)  Other reserves  21  2,763  2,725  4,598  4,598  Equity, attributable to owners of the Company  4,073  45,938  7,889  41,080  Non-controlling interests  1,667  36,439  -  -  Total equity  5,740  82,377  7,889  41,080  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  11  -  24,014  -  -  Lease liabilities, non-current  23  -  32  -  32  Total non-current liabilities  -  24,046  -  32  Current liabilities  Income tax payable  102  103  -  -  Trade and other payables  22  16,657  18,148  1,591  573  Lease liabilities, current  23  31  45  31  45  Total current liabilities  16,790  18,296  1,622  618  Total liabilities  16,790  42,342  1,622  650  Total equity and liabilities  22,530  124,719  9,511  41,730   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year Ended 30 June 2022

Attributable to owners of the Company

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

| Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Accumulated  losses  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Share  options  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Current year  At 1 July 2021  84,190  (58)  (40,919)  (1,873)  4,598  45,938  36,439  82,377  Changes in equity  Loss for the year  -  -  (41,903)  -  -  (41,903)  (34,772)  (76,675)  Other comprehensive income for the year  -  -  -  38  -  38  -  38  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  (41,903)  38  -  (41,865)  (34,772)  (76,637)  At 30 June 2022  84,190  (58)  (82,822)  (1,835)  4,598  4,073  1,667  5,740  Previous year  At 1 July 2020  84,190  (58)  (35,522)  (2,258)  4,598  50,950  41,595  92,545  Changes in equity  Loss for the year  -  -  (5,397)  -  -  (5,397)  (5,162)  (10,559)  Other comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  385  -  385  6  391  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  (5,397)  385  -  (5,012)  (5,156)  (10,168)  At 30 June 2021  84,190  (58)  (40,919)  (1,873)  4,598  45,938  36,439  82,377   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Accumulated  losses  Share options  reserve  Total  equity  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  Current year  At 1 July 2021  84,190  (58)  (47,650)  4,598  41,080  Changes in equity  Loss for the year  -  -  (33,191)  -  (33,191)  At 30 June 2022  84,190  (58)  (80,841)  4,598  7,889  Previous year  At 1 July 2020  84,190  (58)  (39,477)  4,598  49,253  Changes in equity  Loss for the year  -  -  (8,173)  -  (8,173)  At 30 June 2021  84,190  (58)  (47,650)  4,598  41,080   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before tax  (100,689)  (12,915)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  1,804  1,460  Amortisation of intangible assets  2,311  2,441  Interest income  -  (1)  Finance costs  3  2  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  1,213  Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment  247  -  Allowance for impairment loss on trade receivables  95  118  Allowance for impairment on intangible assets  93,973  6,300  Unrealised foreign exchange losses  331  228  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  (1,925)  (1,154)  Trade and other receivables  329  534  Trade and other payables  2,438  (1,725)  Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities  842  (2,345)  Cash flows from investing activities  Interest received  -  1  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (45)  (295)  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (45)  (294)  Cash flows from financing activities  Lease liabilities  (49)  (48)  Advances from related parties  (664)  2,271  Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities  (713)  2,223  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  84  (416)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  321  737  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year (Note 18)  405  321   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

63

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 1. GENERAL

Imperium Crown Limited (the ' Company ') is incorporated in Singapore with limited liability. The financial statements are presented in Singapore dollars (' $ '), the amount are rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated and they cover the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the ' Group ').

The board of directors approved and authorised these financial statements for issue on the date of the statement by directors. The directors have the power to amend and reissue the financial statements.

The Company is an investment holding company and listed on Catalist, which is a shares market on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 15 to the financial statements.

The address of registered office is 1 Commonwealth Lane, #06-20 One Commonwealth, Singapore 149544. The Company is situated in Singapore.

## Uncertainties relating to the Covid-19 pandemic and going concern:

The Group incurred a net loss of $76,675,000 during the reporting year ended 30 June 2022 and, as of that date, the Group's and Company's total current liabilities exceeded its total current assets by $15,222,000 and $1,259,000 respectively.

The COVID-19 pandemic and the aftermath of the pandemic has caused and continues to cause disruptions resulting in uncertainties surrounding the Group's business, including its relationships with its existing and future customers, suppliers and employees and the operations of the Wonder Stone Park Hotel owned by the Group. The pandemic had and will continue to have an adverse effect on the Group's financial position, financial performance, cash flows and prospects for the foreseeable future. There is still significant uncertainty around the medium to long term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The extent to which the Group will be impacted is presently difficult to ascertain. Improvements may be expected when and to the extent the prevailing restrictions in China are lifted.

These events or conditions appear to cast significant doubt upon the Group and Company's ability to continue as going concerns.  However management has reached a conclusion that the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate due to the following actions:

## i. Obtaining financial support from a controlling shareholder, the Executive Chairman, Sun Bowen and two related entities of the Executive Chairman

A substantial part of the Group's outstanding liabilities as at the reporting year end date were due to related parties, namely; (i) amounts due to directors and executives (mainly for salary and fees) of S$917,0000; (ii) amount advanced from a controlling shareholder of S$490,000 and (iii) amounts due to  companies related to the Executive Chairman of S$12.8 million.

The Group has obtained written letters of undertakings from the controlling shareholder, the Executive Chairman and the two related entities of the Executive Chairman which account for S$12.1 million of the total amounts due to the related entities concerned, to provide continued financial support to the Group as and when is needed within the next twelve months from the reporting year end date and to subordinate the amounts due to them to amounts payable to external parties.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 1. GENERAL (cont'd)

## Uncertainties relating to the Covid-19 pandemic and going concern: (cont'd)

## ii. Assessment of the Group's cash requirements and the ability of the controlling shareholder and the two related entities to provide financial support

Management has projected the Group's cash requirements for the next twelve months from the reporting year end date and has assessed the controlling shareholder, the Executive Chairman and the two related entities' ability to provide financial support to the Group to meet its financial obligations.  Management is of the view that the financial support providers should be able to honour their commitments. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the controlling shareholder  has  advanced  an  additional  S$250,000  to  the  Group  to  meet  its  operational  needs  in  Singapore. With regard to the two related entities and the Executive Chairman, management has however noted there were legal claims in the People's Republic of China (' PRC ') against these entities as well as the Executive Chairman.  Management discussed with the Executive Chairman on the matter and obtain an understanding that negotiations are on-going for amicable settlements.  The Executive Chairment represented that the situation would not affect the related entities ability in honouring their commitment on their undertakings.

## iii. Disposal of non-current assets

As disclosed in Note 27 of the financial statements, the Group has on 28 and 29 November 2022 entered into two separate agreements, namely; Land Use Rights Re-acquisition Agreement and Asset Transfer Agreement with the local government of Fei County in PRC and its related entity to dispose the Group's non-current assets including the hotel and the land use rights.  The total disposal consideration was RMB 116 million (about S$23 million).

The Company will convene an extraordinary general meeting to seek shareholders' approval for these transactions and management has obtained letters of irrevocable undertaking from shareholders representing 50.5% of the total and issued shares of the Company to vote in favour of these transactions.   In accordance with the terms of the two separate agreements, the disposal consideration of RMB 116 million (about S$23 million) will be paid in the following manner:

- -RMB 29 million by 27 January 2023;
- -RMB 61 million by 28 January 2023; and
- -RMB 26 million within 60 days of the payment (no later than 27 March 2023) of the RMB 61 million

Based on the above considerations, management has reasonable expectations that the Group will have adequate resources to be in operational existence for at least the next 12 months after the reporting year end date.

If the going concern is inappropriate, adjustments may have to be made to reflect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at the amounts which could differ significantly from the amounts at which they are now recorded in the statement of financial position.  In addition, the Group and Company may have to provide for further liabilities which may arise and to reclassify non-current assets and liabilities as current assets and liabilities respectively.  No such adjustments have been made to these financial statements.

## Statement of compliance with financial reporting standards

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (' SFRS(I)s ')  and the related Interpretations to SFRS(I)s (' SFRS(I) INT ')  as issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council. They are in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Act ')  and with the International Financial Reporting Standards (' IFRSs ') issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (' IASB ').

## Accounting convention

The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention except where a financial reporting standard requires an alternative treatment (such as fair values) as disclosed where appropriate in these financial statements. The accounting policies in the financial reporting standards may not be applied when the effect of applying them is not material. The disclosures required by financial reporting standards may not be provided if the information resulting from that disclosure is not material.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 1. GENERAL (cont'd)

## Basis of preparation of financial statements

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires the management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The estimates and assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Apart from those involving estimations, management has made judgements in the process of applying the entity's accounting policies. The areas requiring management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgements, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are disclosed at the end of this footnote, where applicable.

## Basis of presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements made up to the end of the reporting year of the Company  and  all  of  its  subsidiaries.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  are  the  financial  statements  of  the  group presented as those of a single economic entity and are prepared using uniform accounting policies for like transactions and other events in similar circumstances. All significant intragroup balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date the reporting entity obtains control of the investee and cease when the reporting entity loses control of the investee.

Changes in the group's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in the loss of control are accounted for within equity as transactions with owners in their capacity as owners.  The carrying amounts of the group's and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary.  When the group loses control of a subsidiary it derecognises the assets and liabilities and related equity components of the former subsidiary. Any gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.  Any investment retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value at the date when control is lost and is subsequently accounted as equity investments financial assets in accordance with the financial reporting standard on financial instruments.

The Company's separate financial statements have been prepared on the same basis, and as permitted by the Act, the Company's separate statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income is not presented.

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION

## 2A. Significant accounting policies

## Revenue recognition

The financial reporting standard on revenue from contracts with customers establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers. Revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  (which  excludes  estimates  of  variable consideration that are subject to constraints, such as right of return exists, trade discounts, volume rebates and changes to the transaction price arising from modifications), net of any related sales taxes and excluding any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. An asset (goods or services) is transferred when or as the customer obtains control of that asset. As a practical expedient the effects of any significant financing component is not adjusted if the payment for the good or service will be within one year.

## Revenue from hotel operation

Hotel revenue from room rental is recognised at the point in time when service is provided to the customers. Revenue from food and beverage sales and other ancillary services is generally recognised at the point in time when the services are rendered.

## Sale of goods

Revenue is recognised at a point in time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to the customer. Control of the goods is transferred to the customer generally on delivery of the goods (in this respect, incoterms are considered).

## Other income

Rental income is recognised on a time-proportion basis that takes into account the effective yield on the asset on a straightline basis over the lease term. Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Government grants

Government grants are recognised at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attaching to them will be complied with and that the grants will be received. Grants in recognition of specific expenses are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs that they are intended to compensate. The grant related to assets is presented in the statement of financial position by recognising the grant as deferred income that is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset and in the proportions in which depreciation expense on those assets is recognised.

## Employee benefits

Contributions to a defined contribution retirement benefit plan are recorded as an expense as they fall due. The entity's legal or constructive obligation is limited to the amount that it is obligated to contribute to an independently administered fund (such as the Central Provident Fund in Singapore, a government managed defined contribution retirement benefit plan).

For employee leave entitlement the expected cost of short-term employee benefits in the form of compensated absences is recognised in the case of accumulating compensated absences, when the employees render service that increases their entitlement  to  future  compensated  absences;  and  in  the  case  of  non-accumulating  compensated  absences, when  the absences occur. A liability for bonuses is recognised where the entity is contractually obliged or where there is constructive obligation based on past practice.

Pursuant to the relevant regulations of the People's Republic of China (' PRC ') government, the subsidiaries in the PRC have each participated in a local municipal government retirement benefits scheme (the ' Scheme '), whereby the subsidiaries in the PRC are required to contribute to a certain percentage to the basic salaries of its employees to the Scheme to fund their retirement benefits. The local municipal government undertakes to assume the retirement benefits obligations of those employees of the Group.

## Share based compensation

Benefits to employees are also provided in the form of share-based payment transactions, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares ('' equity-settled transactions ''). The fair value of the employee services rendered is measured by reference to the fair value of the shares awarded or rights granted, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions. These are fair valued based on the market price of the entity's shares (or an estimated market price, if the entity's shares are not publicly traded). This fair value amount is charged to profit or loss over the vesting period of the share-based payment scheme, with the corresponding increase in equity. The value of the charge is adjusted in profit or loss over the remainder of the vesting period to reflect expected and actual quantities vesting, with the corresponding adjustment made in equity. Cancellations of grants of equity instruments during the vesting period (other than a grant cancelled by forfeiture when the vesting conditions are not satisfied) are accounted for as an acceleration of vesting, therefore any amount unrecognised that would otherwise have been charged is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowings. Interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method. Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

## Foreign currency transactions

The functional currency is the Singapore dollar as it reflects the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded in the functional currency at the rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. At each end of the reporting year, recorded monetary balances and balances measured at fair value that are denominated in non-functional currencies are reported at the rates ruling at the end of the reporting year and fair value measurement dates respectively. All realised and unrealised exchange adjustment gains and losses are dealt with in profit or loss except when a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, and exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. The presentation is in the functional currency.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Translation of financial statements of other entities

Each entity in the Group determines the appropriate functional currency as it reflects the primary economic environment in which the relevant reporting entity operates. In translating the financial statements of such an entity for incorporation in the consolidated financial statements in the presentation currency the assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies are translated at end of the reporting year rates of exchange and the income and expense items for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated at average rates of exchange for the reporting year. The resulting translation adjustments are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity until the disposal of that relevant reporting entity.

## Income tax

The income taxes are accounted using the asset and liability method that requires the recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequence of events that have been recognised in  the  financial  statements  or  tax  returns. The  measurements of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are based on provisions of the enacted or substantially enacted tax laws; the effects of future changes in tax laws or rates are not anticipated. Tax expense (tax income) is the aggregate amount included in the determination of profit or loss for the reporting year in respect of  current  tax  and  deferred  tax.  Current  and  deferred  income  taxes  are  recognised  as  income  or  as  an  expense  in  profit  or loss unless the tax relates to items that are recognised in the same or a different period outside profit or loss. For such items recognised outside profit or loss the current tax and deferred tax are recognised (a) in other comprehensive income if the tax is related to an item recognised in other comprehensive income and (b) directly in equity if the tax is related to an item recognised directly in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same income tax authority. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each end of the reporting year and is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realised. A deferred tax amount is recognised for all temporary differences, unless the deferred tax amount arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which (i) is not a business combination; and (ii) at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting profit nor taxable profit (tax loss). A deferred tax liability or asset is recognised for all temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries except where the reporting entity is able to control the timing of the reversal of the taxable temporary difference and it is probable that the taxable temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future or for deductible temporary differences, they will not reverse in the foreseeable future and they cannot be utilised against taxable profits.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  carried  at  cost  on  initial  recognition  and  after  initial  recognition  at  cost  less  any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line method to allocate the gross carrying amounts of the assets less their residual values over their estimated useful lives of each part of an item of these assets. The annual rates of depreciation are as follows:

| Motor vehicles  -  10%  Office and other equipment  -  3% - 10%  Renovations, improvements and furniture  -  3% - 20%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An asset is depreciated when it is available for use until it is derecognised even if during that period the item is idle. Fully depreciated assets still in use are retained in the financial statements.

The gain or loss arising from the derecognition of an item of property, plant and equipment is measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds, if any, and the carrying amount of the item and is recognised in profit or loss. The residual value and the useful life of an asset is reviewed at least at each end of the reporting year and, if expectations differ significantly from previous estimates, the changes are accounted for as a change in an accounting estimate, and the depreciation charge for the current and future periods are adjusted.

Cost also includes acquisition cost, borrowing cost capitalised and any cost directly attributable to bringing the asset or component to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Subsequent costs are recognised as an asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss when they are incurred.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Property, plant and equipment (cont'd)

Construction-in-progress relating to assets and property under construction is reclassified to the respective categories of property, plant and equipment upon completion of the project. Depreciation only begin when the relevant assets are available for use.

## Right-of-use assets

The right-of-use assets are accounted and presented as if they were owned such as property plant and equipment.

The annual rates of depreciation are as follows:

Office premises

## Leases of lessee

A lease conveys the right to use an asset (the underlying asset) for a period of time in exchange for consideration.  Where a lease arrangement is identified, a liability to the lessor is recognised as a lease obligation calculated at the present value of minimum lease payments. A corresponding right-of-use asset is recorded (or included in property, plant and equipment). Lease payments are apportioned between finance costs and reduction of the lease liability so as to reflect the interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance charges are recorded as a finance cost. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset and the lease term. Leases with a term of 12 months or less and leases for low value are not recorded as a liability and lease payments are recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an entity including unincorporated and special purpose entity that is controlled by the reporting entity and the reporting entity is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. The existence and effect of substantive potential voting rights that the reporting entity has the practical ability to exercise (that is, substantive rights) are considered when assessing whether the reporting entity controls another entity.

In  the  reporting  entity's  separate  financial  statements,  an  investment  in  a  subsidiary  is  accounted  for  at  cost  less  any allowance for impairment in value. Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss for a subsidiary is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The carrying value and the net book value of the investment in a subsidiary are not necessarily indicative of the amount that would be realised in a current market exchange.

## Non-controlling interests

The non-controlling interest is equity in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the reporting entity as the parent. The non-controlling interest is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from the equity of the owners of the parent. For each business combination, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree (subsidiary) is initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Where the non-controlling interest is measured at fair value, the valuation techniques and key model inputs used are disclosed in the relevant notes. Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income is attributed to the owners of the parent and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

## Intangible assets

## Land use rights

Land  use  rights  are  initially  measured  at  cost.  Following  initial  recognition,  land  use  rights  are  measured  at  cost  less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. The land use rights are amortised over the remaining lease terms. The annual rate of amortisation is as follows:

Land use rights -2.5%

-

33.3%

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Intangible assets (cont'd)

## Operating rights

Operating  rights  represents  the  identifiable  intangible  assets  acquired  as  part  of  a  business  combination  and  initially recognised separately from goodwill if the asset's fair value can be measured reliably, irrespective of whether the asset had been recognised by the acquiree before the business combination. Subsequently, the operating rights are amortised over the remaining lease terms. The annual rate of amortisation is as follows:

Operating rights - Over the terms of rights which is 2.0%

## Carrying amounts of non-financial assets

Irrespective of whether there is any indication of impairment, an annual impairment test is performed at about the same time every year on an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life or an intangible asset not yet available for use. The carrying amount of other non-financial assets is reviewed at each end of the reporting year for indications of impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down through profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The impairment loss is the excess of the carrying amount over the recoverable amount and is recognised in profit or loss. The recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. When the fair value less costs of disposal method is used, any available recent market transactions are taken into consideration.

When the value in use method is adopted, in assessing the value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). At each end of the reporting year non-financial assets other than goodwill with impairment loss recognised in prior periods are assessed for possible reversal of the impairment.

An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been measured, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

## Financial instruments

## Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments:

A financial asset or a financial liability is recognised in the statement of financial position when, and only when, the entity becomes  party  to  the  contractual  provisions  of  the  instrument.  All  other  financial  instruments  (including  regular-way purchases and sales of financial assets) are recognised and derecognised, as applicable, using trade date accounting or settlement  date  accounting. A  financial  asset  is  derecognised  when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows  from  the financial asset expire or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred or in which the entity neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset. A financial liability is removed from the statement of financial position when, and only when, it is extinguished, that is, when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or cancelled or expires. At initial recognition the financial asset or financial liability is measured at its fair value plus or minus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2A. Significant accounting policies (cont'd)

## Financial instruments (cont'd)

## Classification and measurement of financial assets:

- #1 Financial asset classified as measured at amortised cost: A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL '), that is (a) the asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and (b) the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Typically trade and other receivables, bank and cash balances are classified in this category.
- #2 Financial  asset  that  is  a  debt  asset  instrument  classified  as  measured  at  fair value  through  other  comprehensive income (' FVTOCI '): There were no financial assets classified in this category at reporting year end date.
- #3 Financial asset that is an equity investment measured at FVTOCI: There were no financial assets classified in this category at reporting year end date.
- #4 Financial asset classified as measured at FVTPL:  There were no financial assets classified in this category at reporting year end date.

## Classification and measurement of financial liabilities:

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL in either of the following circumstances: (1) the liabilities are managed, evaluated and reported internally on a fair value basis; or (2) the designation eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. All other financial liabilities are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Reclassification of any financial liability is not permitted.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash and cash equivalents less cash subject to restriction and bank overdrafts payable on demand that form an integral part of cash management. Cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## Fair value measurement

The fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, market observable data to the extent possible is used. If the fair value of an asset or a liability is not directly observable, an estimate is made using valuation techniques that maximise the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs (eg by use of the market comparable approach that reflects recent transaction prices for similar items, discounted cash flow analysis, or option pricing models refined to reflect the issuer's specific circumstances). Inputs used are consistent with the characteristics of the asset/liability that market participants would take into account. The entity's intention to hold an asset or to settle or otherwise fulfil a liability is not taken into account as relevant when measuring fair value.

Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the degree to which the inputs to the measurement are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety: Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly  (ie  as  prices)  or  indirectly  (ie  derived  from  prices).  Level  3  fair  value  measurements  are  those  derived  from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). T ransfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognised at the end of the reporting period during which the change occurred.

The carrying values of current financial instruments approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current financial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. The fair values of non-current financial instruments may not be disclosed separately unless there are significant differences at the end of the reporting year and in the event the fair values are disclosed in the relevant notes to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2B. Other explanatory information

## Provisions

A liability or provision is recognised when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision is made using best estimates of the amount required in settlement and where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount recognised is the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense. Changes in estimates are reflected in profit or loss in the reporting year they occur.

## Segment reporting

The reporting entity discloses financial and descriptive information about its consolidated reportable segments. Reportable segments are operating segments or aggregations of operating segments that meet specified criteria. Operating segments are components about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing the performance. Generally, financial information is reported on the same basis as is used internally for evaluating operating segment performance and deciding how to allocate resources to operating segments.

## Treasury shares

Where the entity reacquires its own equity instruments as treasury shares, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental cost is deducted from equity attributable to the entity's owners until the shares are cancelled, reissued  or  disposed  of. Where  such  shares  are  subsequently  sold  or  reissued,  any  consideration  received,  net  of  any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the entity's owners and no gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2C. Critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties

The critical judgements made in the process of applying the accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements and the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting year, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting year are discussed below. These estimates and assumptions are periodically monitored to ensure they incorporate all relevant information available at the date when financial statements are prepared. However, this does not prevent actual figures differing from estimates.

## Impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets

An assessment is made for the reporting year whether there is any indication that the asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, an estimate is made of the recoverable amount of the asset.

In assessing the recoverable amounts of assets, management applied the fair value less cost of disposal method and engaged an independent valuer to assist in determining the fair value. The independent valuer possesses recognised and relevant professional qualifications and experience within the local market and the category of assets to be valued. Management has execised high degree of judgement and determined that depreciated replacement cost approach and direct market comparison approach are the most appropriate techniques in determining the fair value for property, plant and equipment and land use rights respectively, due to the nature of the assets and the potential acquisition by the local government of Fei Country in PRC. The replacement cost approach aims to reflect the amount that would be currently  required to replace in the property adjusted for obsolescence (e.g. physical deterioration, functional or economic obsolescence). The direct market comparison method where the assets are valued using the recent market prices of assets with similar used conditions adjusted for differences in location, tenure, size and condition of the assets. The determination of fair value included use of unobservable inputs and significant estimation. It is reasonably possible, based on existing knowledge, that outcomes within the next reporting year that are different from assumptions as disclosed in Notes 12 and 14 could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the balances affected.

The carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets at the end of the reporting year affected by the assumption are $13.98 million (2021: $19.49 million) and $6.98 million (2021: $103.32 million) respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND OTHER EXPLANATORY INFORMATION (cont'd)

## 2C. Critical judgements, assumptions and estimation uncertainties (cont'd)

## Impairment assessment of investment in subsidiaries

Where an investee is in net equity deficit and or has suffered losses a test is made whether the investment in the investee has suffered any impairment loss. This measurement requires significant judgement. An estimate is made of the future profitability of the investee, and the financial health of and near-term business outlook for the investee, including factors such as industry and sector performance, and operational and financing cash flow. It is impracticable to disclose the extent of the possible effects. It is reasonably possible, based on existing knowledge, that outcomes within the next reporting year that are different from assumptions could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the balances affected. The carrying amount of investment in subsidiaries at the end of the reporting year affected by the assumption is $0.99 million (2021: is $38.11 million) as disclosed in the Note 15 to the financial statements.

## Classification of property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets

On 29 August 2022, the Company announced that the local government of PRC has initiated discussion to acquire the Group's property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets, comprising Wonder Stone Park ('WSP') Hotel (including the land on which the WSP Hotel sits on and owned by the Group), as well as the 2 plots of land situated within WSP. Management exercised judgement and concluded that the property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets and its related liabilities are not assets held for sale as there was no formal or definitive offer from the local government as at the reporting year end date and the subsidiary continues to operate the hotel as a continuing operation. The carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment and finite intangible assets as at the end of the reporting year are disclosed in Notes 12 and 14 respectively.

## Income taxes

The entity recognises tax liabilities and assets based on an estimation of the likely taxes due, which requires significant judgement as to the ultimate tax determination of certain items. Where the actual amount arising from these issues differs from these estimates, such differences will have an impact on income tax and deferred tax amounts in the period when such determination is made. In addition management judgement is required in determining the amount of current and deferred tax recognised and the extent to which amounts should or can be recognised. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses if it is probable that the entity will earn sufficient taxable profit in future periods to benefit from a reduction in tax payments.

This involves management making assumptions within its overall tax planning activities and periodically reassessing them in order to reflect changed circumstances as well as tax regulations. Moreover, the measurement of a deferred tax asset or liability reflects the manner in which the entity expects to recover the asset's carrying value or settle the liability. As a result, due to their inherent nature assessments of likelihood are judgemental and not susceptible to precise determination. The income tax amounts are disclosed in the note on income tax.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 3. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS

The  financial  reporting  standard  on  related  party  disclosures  requires  the  reporting  entity  to  disclose:  (a)  transactions with its related parties; and (b) relationships between parents and subsidiaries irrespective of whether there have been transactions between those related parties. A party is related to a party if the party controls, or is controlled by, or can significantly influence or is significantly influenced by the other party.

## 3A. Members of a group

Related companies in these financial statements include the members of the Group.

## 3B. Related party transactions

There are transactions and arrangements between the reporting entity and related parties and the effects of these on the basis determined between the parties are reflected in these financial statements. The related party balances and transfer of resources, services or obligations if any are unsecured, without fixed repayment terms and interest or charge unless stated otherwise.

Intragroup transactions and balances that have been eliminated in these consolidated financial statements are not disclosed as related party transactions and balances below.

## Significant related party transactions

Other than the transactions and balances disclosed elsewhere in the notes to the financial statements, there are no other significant related party transactions.

## 3C. Key management compensation

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Salaries and other short-term employee benefits  592  592   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in the above amounts are the following items:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Remuneration of directors of the Company  432  432  Fees to directors of the Company  160  160   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key management personnel are the directors and those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company, directly or indirectly. The above amounts for key management compensation are for all the directors and key department heads.

Further information about the remuneration of individual directors is provided in the report on corporate governance.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 3. RELATED PARTY RELATIONSHIPS AND TRANSACTIONS (cont'd)

## 3D. Other payables to related parties

The trade transactions and the related receivables and payables balances arising from sales and purchases of goods and services are disclosed elsewhere in the relevant notes to the financial statements.

The movements in other payables to related parties are as follows:

| Group  Related Parties  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  13,741  10,850  Repayments to/(advances from) related parties  (1,593)  2,271  Foreign exchange adjustments  (38)  620  At end of the year (Note 22)  12,110  13,741   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Related  parties  refer  to  a  controlling  shareholder  of  the  Company  and  companies  in which  Mr  Sun  Bowen,  Executive Chairman of the Company, has significant or controlling interest.

| Group and Company  Shareholder  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  -  -  Advances from shareholder  490  -  At end of the year (Note 22)  490  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group and Company  Directors  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  440  191  Amounts paid in and settlement of liabilities on behalf of the company  477  249  At end of the year (Note 22)  917  440   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3E. Financial support

The Group incurred a net loss of $76,675,000 during the reporting year ended 30 June 2022 and, as of that date, the Group's and Company's total current liabilities  exceeded  its  total  current  assets  by  $15,222,000  and  $1,259,000  respectively. At the date of this report, the management is satisfied that the financial support from the controlling shareholder, the Executive Chairman and the related parties will be available when required for at least a year from the end of reporting year due to the actions and basis disclosed in Note 1.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY OPERATING SEGMENTS

## 4A. Information on reportable segment profit or loss, assets and liabilities

Disclosure of information about operating segments, products and services, the geographical areas, and the major customers are made as required by SFRS(I) 8 Operating Segments. This disclosure standard has no impact on the reported results or financial position of the Group.

For management purposes, the Group is organised into two major operating segments: (i) leisure and hospitality segment, and (ii) others. Such a structural organisation is determined by the nature of risks and returns associated with each business segment and it defines the management structure as well as the internal reporting system. It represents the basis on which the management reports the primary segment information that is available and that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing the performance. They are managed separately because each business requires different strategies.

The segments and the types of products and services are as follows:

- (i) The leisure and hospitality segment is those of tourism development and tourism management services.
- (ii) Other segment is those of corporate office function and investment holdings.

Inter-segment sales are measured on the basis that the entity actually used to price the transfers. Internal transfer pricing policies of the group are as far as practicable based on market prices. The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies.

The management reporting system evaluates performances based on a number of factors. However the primary profitability measurement to evaluate segment's operating results comprises two major financial indicators: (1) earnings from operations before depreciation and amortisation, interests and income taxes (called ' Recurring EBITDA ')  and  (2)  operating  result before interests and income taxes and other unallocated items (called ' ORBIT ').

## 4B. Profit or loss from continuing operations and reconciliations

| Leisure and  hospitality  Other  segment  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022:  Revenue by segments  1,854  -  1,854  Recurring EBITDA  (95,553)  (1,018)  (96,571)  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  (4,069)  (46)  (4,115)  ORBIT  (99,622)  (1,064)  (100,686)  Finance costs  -  (3)  (3)  Loss before tax  (99,622)  (1,067)  (100,689)  Income tax expense  24,014  -  24,014  Loss after tax  (75,608)  (1,067)  (76,675)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY OPERATING SEGMENTS (cont'd)

## 4B. Profit or loss from continuing operations and reconciliations (cont'd)

| Leisure and  hospitality  Other  segment  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  2021:  Revenue by segments  2,429  -  2,429  Recurring EBITDA  (7,917)  (1,095)  (9,012)  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  (3,855)  (46)  (3,901)  ORBIT  (11,772)  (1,141)  (12,913)  Finance costs  -  (2)  (2)  Loss before tax  (11,772)  (1,143)  (12,915)  Income tax expense  2,356  -  2,356  Loss after tax  (9,416)  (1,143)  (10,559)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other segment comprised primarily corporate office expenses which cannot be attributed meaningfully to any particular segment.

## 4C. Assets and reconciliations

| Leisure and  hospitality  Other  segment  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022:  Total assets for reportable segments  -   Property, plant and equipment  13,948  31  13,979  -  Intangible assets  6,983  -  6,983  -   Trade and other receivables  1,137  26  1,163  -   Cash and cash equivalent  68  337  405  22,530  2021:  Total assets for reportable segments  -   Property, plant and equipment  19,416  77  19,493  -   Intangible assets  103,318  -  103,318  -   Trade and other receivables  1,561  26  1,587  -   Cash and cash equivalent  69  252  321  124,719   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other segment comprised primarily assets which cannot be reasonably allocated to an identified segment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY OPERATING SEGMENTS (cont'd)

## 4D. Liabilities and reconciliations

| Leisure and  hospitality  Other  segment  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022:  Total liabilities for reportable segment  -   Income tax payable  102  -  102  -   Trade and other payables  15,066  1,591  16,657  -   Lease liability  -  31  31  16,790  2021:  Total liabilities for reportable segment  -   Income tax payable  103  -  103  -   Deferred tax liabilities  24,014  -  24,014  -   Lease liability  -  77  77  -   Trade and other payables  17,559  589  18,148  42,342   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other segment comprised primarily liabilities which cannot be reasonably allocated to an identified segment.

## 4E. Other material items and reconciliations

| Leisure and  hospitality  Other  segment  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022:  Allowance for impairment on intangible assets  (93,973)  -  (93,973)  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  (4,115)  -  (4,115)  Expenditure for non-current assets  (251)  -  (251)  2021:  Allowance for impairment on intangible assets  (6,300)  -  (6,300)  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  (3,855)  (46)  (3,901)  Expenditure for non-current assets  (202)  (93)  (295)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 4. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY OPERATING SEGMENTS (cont'd)

## 4F. Geographical information

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue  -   China  1,854  2,429  Non-current assets  -   China  22,931  122,734  -   Singapore  31  77  22,962  122,811   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is attributed to countries on the basis of the customer's location. Total assets are analysed by the geographical areas in which the assets are located.

## 4G. Information about major customers

There is no customers with revenue transactions of over 10% of the Group's revenue.

## 5. REVENUE

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  -  Park admissions  48  101  -  Hotel operations  1,806  2,328  1,854  2,429   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue from contracts with customers are recognised based on point in time. All the contracts are less than 12 months. The customers include commercial consumers, individuals and government authorities.

This is consistent with the revenue information that disclosed for each reporting segment in Note 4 to the financial statements.

## 6. OTHER INCOME

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Interest income  -  1  Government subsidy income  21  16  Jobs Support Scheme  -  31  Others  18  15  39  63   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 7. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSES

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Depreciation from property, plant and equipment (Note 12)  1,804  1,460  Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 14)  2,311  2,441  4,115  3,901   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Salaries and wages  1,070  1,093  Contributions to defined contribution plan  88  92  Directors' fee  160  160  1,318  1,345   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. OTHER EXPENSES

The major components and other selected components include the following:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Allowance for impairment loss on intangible assets  93,973  6,300  Allowance for impairment loss on trade and other receivables  95  118  Audit fees to independent auditors of the Company  65  69  Audit fees to independent auditors of the subsidiaries  20  20  Internal audit fees  -  20  Legal and professional fees  126  136  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  1,213  Loss on written off of property, plant and equipment  247  -  Non-audit fees to independent auditors of the Company  15  15   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  FINANCE COSTS

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Interest on lease liability  3  2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 11.  INCOME TAX

## 11A.  Components of tax benefit recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Deferred tax  Deferred income tax benefit  (24,014)  (2,356)  Total income tax benefit  (24,014)  (2,356)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax in profit or loss varied from the amount of income tax amount determined by applying the Singapore statutory income tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%) to profit or loss before income tax as a result of the following differences:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Loss before tax  (100,689)  (12,915)  Income tax at the above rate  (17,117)  (2,196)  Non-deductible expenses  25  -  Income not subject to tax  (60)  (5)  Effect of tax rates in different jurisdictions  (8,137)  (1,376)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  1,275  1,221  (24,014)  (2,356)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no income tax consequences of dividends to owners of the Company.

## 11B.  Deferred tax income recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Excess of book over tax depreciation on intangible assets  24,014  2,356  Tax loss carry forwards  (1,275)  (1,221)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  1,275  1,221  24,014  2,356   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11C.  Deferred tax recognised in other comprehensive income

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  -  1,326   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 11.   INCOME TAX (cont'd)

## 11D. Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) in statements of financial position

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  From deferred tax liabilities recognised in profit or loss  Excess of net book value over tax value of intangible assets arising from business combination  -  (26,148)  Tax loss carry forwards  5,769  4,533  Deferred tax assets not recognised  (5,769)  (4,533)  From deferred tax liabilities recognised in other comprehensive income  Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  -  2,134  Net balance  -  (24,014)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the Singapore companies, the realisation of the future income tax benefits from tax loss carryforwards and temporary differences from capital allowances is available for an unlimited future period subject to the conditions imposed by law including the retention of majority shareholders as defined.

For the People's Republic of China, the realisation of the future income tax benefits from tax loss carryforwards is available for a period of 5 years subject to the conditions imposed by law.

For the China companies, the expiry years of tax losses carryforwards are as follows:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2023  247  247  2024  3,885  3,885  2025  4,048  4,048  2026  4,882  4,882  2027  5,101  -  18,163  13,062   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 12.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Group  Motor  vehicles  Office  and other  equipment  Renovations,  improvements  and furniture  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 July 2020  68  2,478  19,357  21,903  Additions  -  243  52  295  Disposals  -  (82)  (1,347)  (1,429)  Foreign exchange adjustments  4  140  1,077  1,221  At 30 June 2021  72  2,779  19,139  21,990  Additions  -  2  43  45  Written off  (1)  (72)  (214)  (287)  Remeasurement  -  -  (3,467)  (3,467)  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  (4)  (170)  (174)  At 30 June 2022  71  2,705  15,331  18,107  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 July 2020  38  320  804  1,162  Depreciation for the year  17  237  1,206  1,460  Disposals  -  (76)  (140)  (216)  Foreign exchange adjustments  3  19  69  91  At 30 June 2021  58  500  1,939  2,497  Depreciation for the year  10  211  1,583  1,804  Written off  -  (3)  (37)  (40)  Remeasurement  -  -  (110)  (110)  Foreign exchange adjustments  -  -  (23)  (23)  At 30 June 2022  68  708  3,352  4,128  Carrying value:  At 1 July 2020  30  2,158  18,553  20,741  At 30 June 2021  14  2,279  17,200  19,493  At 30 June 2022  3  1,997  11,979  13,979   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 12.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (cont'd)

| Company  Renovations,  improvements  and furniture  Office  and other  equipment  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 July 2020  5  82  87  Additions  -  93  93  Disposal  -  (76)  (76)  At 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022  5  99  104  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 July 2020  4  53  57  Depreciation for the year  1  45  46  Disposal  -  (76)  (76)  At 30 June 2021  5  22  27  Depreciation for the year  -  46  46  At 30 June 2022  5  68  73  Carrying value:  At 1 July 2020  1  29  30  At 30 June 2021  -  77  77  At 30 June 2022  -  31  31   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in office and other equipment is an amount of $31,000 (2021: $76,000) relating to right-of-use assets (Note 13).

The depreciation expense is included under depreciation and amortisation expenses.

## Impairment testing

The recoverable amount of the property, plant and equipment was based on each property's fair value less cost to sell, as determined by an independent professional valuer with recognised and relevant professional qualifications and experience within the local market and the category of assets to be valued. The determination of fair values include use of unobservable inputs.

The fair value less cost of disposal of property, plant and equipment (Level 3 fair value hierarchy) was determined based on the depreciated replacement cost approach is based on the cost to reproduce or replace under new condition with current market prices for similar assets, with allowance for accrued depreciation arising from the conditions, utility, age, wear and tear, or obsolescence present (physical, functional or economic). The fair value less cost of disposal estimation could vary from the actual realisation value. If the actual realisation value had been 10% less favourable than the estimated fair value less cost of disposal at the end of the reporting year, the recoverable amount will not be lower than the carrying amount of the property, plant and equipment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 13.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

The right-of-use assets have been included in property, plant and equipment (see Note 12). The details are as follows:

| Group and Company  Office  premises  $'000  Cost:  At 1 July 2020  76  Additions  91  Termination  (76)  At 30 June 2021 and 2022  91  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 July 2020  47  Depreciation for the year  44  Termination  (76)  At 30 June 2021  15  Depreciation for the year  45  At 30 June 2022  60  Carrying value:  At 1 July 2020  29  At 30 June 2021  76  At 30 June 2022  31   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other information relating to the right-of-use assets are as follows:

| Office  premises  Number of right-to-use assets  1  Remaining term  7 months   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

85

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 14.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Land use  rights  Operating  rights  Total  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 July 2020  7,622  112,143  119,765  Foreign exchange adjustments  435  -  435  At 30 June 2021  8,057  112,143  120,200  Foreign exchange adjustments  (73)  -  (73)  At 30 June 2022  7,984  112,143  120,127  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 July 2020  555  6,669  7,224  Foreign exchange adjustments  208  2,233  2,441  Amortisation for the year  36  -  36  At 30 June 2021  799  8,902  9,701  Amortisation for the year  214  2,097  2,311  Foreign exchange adjustments  (12)  (10)  (22)  At 30 June 2022  1,001  10,989  11,990  Accumulated impairment:  At 1 July 2020  -  881  881  Impairment for the year  -  6,300  6,300  At 30 June 2021  -  7,181  7,181  Impairment for the year  -  93,973  93,973  At 30 June 2022  -  101,154  101,154  Net book value:  At 1 July 2020  7,067  104,593  111,660  At 30 June 2021  7,258  96,060  103,318  At 30 June 2022  6,983  -  6,983   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 14.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS (cont'd)

Detail of the Group's land use rights:

| Address  Land Area  (Sq m)  Date of grant  Lease expiry date  Ronghe Village, Feicheng Town, Fei County, Linyi City  27,681  29 December 2017  28 December 2057  Gai Jia Dong Village, Feicheng Town, Fei County, Linyi City  13,409  29 December 2017  28 December 2057  Feixian Town, Ronghe Village office area, Fei County, Linyi City  24,158  31 October 2012  31 October 2052   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amortisation charges is included under depreciation and amortisation expenses.

Actual outcomes could vary from these estimates and the management has identified that a reasonably possible change in following key assumptions could cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount as shown in sensitivity test below.

## Impairment testing of land use rights:

During the reporting year, the recoverable amount of the land use rights was determined based on the direct market comparison approach, as determined by an independent professional valuer with recognised and relevant professional qualifications and experience within the local market and the category of assets to be valued. The determination of fair values include use of unobservable inputs.

The fair value less cost of disposal of land use rights (Level 2 fair value hierarchy) was based on the direct market comparison method where the assets are valued using recent market prices of assets with similar used conditions adjusted for differences in location, tenure, size and condition of the assets. The fair value less cost of disposal estimation could vary from the actual realisation value. If the actual realisation value had been 10% less favourable than the estimated fair value less cost of disposal at the end of the reporting year, the recoverable amount will not be lower than the carrying amount of the land use rights.

## Impairment testing of operating rights:

An impairment loss is the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell or its value-in-use (' VIU ').

On 22 June 2022, the Group entered into an agreement with a state-owned enterprise representing the local government of Fei County in the People's Republic of China to withdraw the operating rights of the Wonder Stone Park. Accordingly, the Group has made an impairment allowance of $93,973,000 (2021: $6,300,000) to fully write down the carrying value of operating rights associated with the Wonder Stone Park cash-generating unit (' CGU ') to its recoverable value of nil as at 30 June 2022.

As at 30 June 2021, the intangible assets were tested for impairment. An impairment loss is the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. The details are available from the audited financial statements for last reporting year.

The intangible assets comprise mainly the operating rights acquired from the acquisition of a subsidiary, Global Entertainment Media Pte Ltd (' GEM ') in the financial year ended 30 June 2018. The rights granted the group to operate the Wonder Stone Park for 50 years, commencing from year 2017 to 2067.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Carrying value comprising  Unquoted equity shares at cost  55,960  55,960  Quasi-equity loans receivable  6,317  6,294  Allowance for impairment  (56,271)  (24,146)  6,006  38,108  Movement during the year, at carrying value  At beginning of the year  38,108  45,132  Quasi-equity loans  23  49  Impairment allowance  (32,125)  (7,073)  At end of the year  6,006  38,108  Movements in allowance for impairment  At beginning of the year  24,146  17,073  Impairment allowance charged to profit or loss  32,125  7,073  At end of the year  56,271  24,146   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The quasi-equity loans are interest-free loans to subsidiaries for which there are no significant settlements planned or likely to occur in the foreseeable future. They are, in substance, part of the Company's net investment in the subsidiaries.

The Company has made an impairment allowance of $30,013,000 (2021: $6,900,000) to write down the carrying value of investment in Global Media Entertainment Pte Ltd based on the recoverable amount determined using the assumptions and conditions in Notes 12 and 14.

Following are the carrying value denominated in non-functional currencies:

| Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Chinese RMB  -  2,089   |
|------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (cont'd)

Details of the Company's subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries, country of incorporation,  place of operations and principal activities  Effective percentage of  equity held by the Group  Cost of investment  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $'000  $'000  Held by the Company  ICL Land Sdn Bhd  (1)  100  100  *  *  Malaysia  Dormant  Development West Pty Ltd ('  Development West  ')  (2)  100  100  2,450  2,450  Australia  Investment holding  WS Global Asset Management Pte Ltd  (3)  100  100  10  10  Singapore  Dormant  Global Entertainment Media Pte Ltd ('  GEM  ')  (3)  60  60  53,500  53,500  Singapore  Investment holding  55,960  55,960  Held by GEM  Linyi Yin Sheng Wen Hua Chuan Mei Co., Ltd ('  Linyi Yin Sheng  ')  临沂银升文化传媒有限公司  (4)  60  60  12,000  12,000  People's Republic of China  Investment holding  Held by Linyi Yin Sheng  Fei County Wonder Stone Characteristics T own Development  Co., Ltd ('  Wonder Stone  ')  费县奇石特色小镇发展有限公司  (4)  54  54  12,070  12,070  People's Republic of China  Tourism development and tourism management services  Held by Wonder Stone  Fei County Yinsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd ('  Yinsheng Real Estate  ')  费县银升置业有限公司  (4) (5)  54  54  -  -  People's Republic of China  Real estate development  Fei County Inzone Wonder Stone Cultural Hotel Co., Ltd  ('  Inzone Wonder Stone Cultural Hotel  ')  费县银座佳悦奇石文化酒店有限公司  (4)  54  54  291  291  People's Republic of China  Hotel management services   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (cont'd)

Notes:

* Amount less than $1,000.
- (1) Not audited as the subsidiary is in the midst of liquidation.
- (2)   Not audited as this subsidiary is not significant. However, compilation report prepared by CrossCorp Accounting Pty Ltd, a registered accounting firm in Australia was used for consolidation.
- (3)     Audited by RSM Chio Lim LLP, Singapore.
- (4)   For the purpose of preparing the Group's consolidated financial statements, these financial statements as at reporting year end were audited by Zhongxinghua Certified Public Accountant LLP, a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an approved firm by the China Securities Regulatory Commission.

As is required by Rule 716 of the Listing Manual of The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited the audit committee and the board of directors of the Company have satisfied themselves that the appointment of different auditors for its overseas subsidiaries would not compromise the standard and effectiveness of the audit of the Group.

- (5) Fei County Yinsheng Real Estate Co., Ltd was incorporated on 30 May 2018 with registered share capital of RMB30 million (equivalent to $6 million). However, no capital has been injected as at 30 June 2022.

## 15A.  Material subsidiaries with non-controlling interests

There are subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests that are considered material to the reporting entity and additional disclosures on them (amounts before inter-company eliminations) are presented below.

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  GEM and its subsidiaries:  The loss allocated to NCI of the subsidiaries during the reporting year  (34,772)  (5,156)  Accumulated NCI of the subsidiaries at the end of the reporting year  1,667  36,439   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The summarised financial information of the subsidiary (not adjusted for the percentage ownership held by the group and amounts before inter-company eliminations) is as follows:

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current assets  1,171  1,640  Non-current assets  21,103  122,077  Current liabilities  (15,164)  (21,720)  Non-current liabilities  (3,111)  (5,394)  Revenues  1,854  2,429  Loss for the reporting year  (75,594)  (3,247)  Total comprehensive income  (75,556)  (2,857)  Operating cash flows, increase / (decrease)  2,129  (2,129)  Net cash flows, decrease  (44)  (62)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 16.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade receivables  Related parties  60  162  -  -  Outside parties  219  217  -  -  Allowance for impairment  (226)  (131)  -  -  Net trade receivables - subtotal  53  248  -  -  Other receivables  Loan receivable from a subsidiary  -  -  3,111  3,311  Deposits  259  259  10  10  Prepayments  684  731  12  12  Outside parties  167  349  4  4  Net other receivables - subtotal  1,110  1,339  3,137  3,337  Total trade and other receivables  1,163  1,587  3,137  3,337  Presented as:  Current portion  1,163  1,587  26  26  Non-current portion  -  -  3,111  3,311  1,163  1,587  3,137  3,337  Movements in above allowance on trade receivables:  At beginning of the year  (131)  (26)  -  -  Charge for trade receivables to profit or loss included in  other operating expenses  (95)  (118)  -  -  Foreign exchange adjustment  -  13  -  -  At end of the year  (226)  (131)  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16A.  Trade receivables

The expected credit losses (' ECL ') on the above trade receivables are based on the simplified approach to measuring ECL which uses a lifetime ECL allowance approach for all trade receivables recognised from initial recognition of these assets. These assets are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due for measuring the ECL. The allowance matrix is based on the historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables and is  adjusted for forward-looking estimates including the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.  At every reporting date the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed. A loss allowance balance of $226,000 (2021: $131,000) for the Group is recognised.

91

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 16.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (cont'd)

## 16B.  Other receivables

Included  in  other  receivables  is  a  loan  receivable  from  a  subsidiary  amounted  to  $3,111,000  (2021:  $3,311,000). The movement in loan receivables from a subsidiary is as follows:

| Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Movements during the year:  At beginning of the year  3,311  3,911  Repayment from subsidiary  (200)  (600)  At end of the year  3,111  3,311   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loan receivable from a subsidiary was interest-free and is repayable in March 2028.

The loan is carried at amortised cost at estimated current lending rate of 4.90% (2021: 4.90%) per annum. The carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value (Level 3).

Significant increase or (decrease) in the interest rate in isolation would result in lower or (higher) fair value measurement.

The other receivables shown above are material.

## 17.  OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

| Group  Level  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Investment in a trust  3  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The subsidiary, Development West, owns approximately 27% of the interest in a trust known as Richardson Trust (the ' Trust '), established under a trust deed and administered by Richardson 1 Pty Ltd, a company incorporated in Australia, acting as trustee (the ' Trustee '). The Trust, through the Trustee, is the developer of a mix property development project in Western Australia. However, the project has been suspended.

Management  has  assessed  the  Group's  investment  in  the  Trust,  including  the  extent  of  its  voting  stakeholding,  the relationship between the Group and the Trust, the Trustee and the other stakeholders, the arrangements for the Trust and its Trustee, amongst others. In addition, the Group's maximum exposure to loss is limited to the original investment contributed by Development West in the Trust. Based on these factors, management has determined that this investment in the Trust is to be accounted for as a financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.

The fair value of the Trust as at end of the reporting year is determined to be $Nil (2021: $Nil).

The management does not have access to the recent financial information of the Trust to-date and the management adopted the assumption that the financial position of the Trust has not changed from the last available financial information as at 30 June 2017 as the development project has been suspended since the previous reporting year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 18.  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Cash at bank and on hand  405  321  337  208   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The interest bearing balances are not significant.

## 18A.  Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

| 2021  $'000  Cash flows  $'000  Non-cash  changes  $'000  2022  $'000  Lease liabilities (Note 23)  77  (49)  3  (b)  31  Total liabilities from financing activities  77  (49)  93  31  2020  $'000  Cash flows  $'000  Non-cash  changes  $'000  2021  $'000  Lease liabilities (Note 23)  32  (48)  91  (a)  77  2  (b)  Total liabilities from financing activities  32  (48)  93  77   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Recognition of Right-of-use asset (Note 13)

(b) Accretion of interest

## 19.  SHARE CAPITAL AND TREASURY SHARES

## 19A.  Share capital

| Company  Number  of shares  issued  Share  capital  '000  $'000  Ordinary shares  Balance at beginning and end of the reporting year 30 June 2021 and 2022  790,000  84,190   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ordinary shares carry no right to fixed income and are fully paid and with one vote per share.

In order to maintain its listing on the Singapore Exchange, the Company has to have share capital with at least a free float of 10% of the shares. The Company met the capital requirement on its initial listing and the rules limiting treasury shares purchases mean it will  automatically  continue  to  satisfy  that  requirement,  as  it  did  throughout  the year.  Management received a report from the registrars frequently on substantial share interests showing the non-free float and it demonstrated continuing compliance with the 10% limit throughout the year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 19.  SHARE CAPITAL AND TREASURY SHARES (cont'd)

## 19B.  Treasury shares

| Company  Number  of shares  issued  Treasury  shares  '000  $'000  Balance at beginning and end of the reporting year 30 June 2021 and 2022  1,000  58   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Treasury shares relate to ordinary shares purchased and held by the Company.

## Capital management

The objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for owners and benefits for other stakeholders, and to provide an adequate return to owners by pricing the sales commensurately with the level of risk. Management sets the amount of capital to meet its requirements and the risk taken. There were no changes in the approach to capital management during the reporting year. Management manages the capital structure and makes adjustments to it where necessary or possible in the light of changes in  conditions  and  the  risk  characteristics  of  the  underlying  assets.  In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure, management may adjust the amount of dividends paid to owners, return capital to owners, issue new shares, or sell assets to reduce debt. Adjusted capital comprises all components of equity (that is, share capital and reserves). Also see Note 3E.

As of the reporting year end, there are no significant external borrowings. The debt-to-adjusted capital ratio does not provide a meaningful indicator of the risk of borrowings.

## 20.  SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

## 20A.  Share options

The Company has share option agreements dated 26 February 2018 with Mr Sun Bowen and Mr Wee Henry (together, the ' Option Subscribers '), which was approved and adopted by its members at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 29 March 2018. Pursuant to the share option agreements, the Company shall issue to the Option Subscribers an aggregate of 600,000,000 share options (the ' Options '), with each Option carrying the right to subscribe for one new ordinary share in the Company at the exercise price of $0.085 (the ' Exercise Price ') for each new share on the terms and conditions of the Option Agreements (the ' Grant of Options ').

These options are exercisable between 26 February 2018 and 25 February 2023. The options granted were vested upon granting of options.

## 20B.  Activities under the share options scheme

The number of outstanding options at the end of the reporting year was:

| Exercise Price  Date of grant of options  Exercise period  Number of options at  30.06.2022  30.06.2021  '000  '000  $0.085  29 March 2018  From 26 February 2018  to 25 February 2023  600,000  600,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 20.  SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (cont'd)

## 20B.  Activities under the share options scheme (cont'd)

The following table summarises information about share options outstanding at the end of the reporting year:

| Participants  Options  granted for  reporting year  ended  30 June 2022  '000  Aggregate  options  granted since  commencement  to 30 June 2022  '000  Aggregate  options  exercised since  commencement  to 30 June 2022  '000  Aggregate  options  outstandings  as at  30 June 2022  '000  Mr Sun Bowen  (Director of the Company)  -  300,000  -  300,000  Mr Wee Henry  (Controlling shareholder of the Company)  -  300,000  -  300,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aside from the share option agreements with the Option Subscribers, the Company has not granted any other options to any other persons and does not have any existing share option schemes. Accordingly, no person has received 5% or more of options of the Company, save for the Option Subscribers.

## 20C.  Share options reserve

| Group and Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning and end of the year  4,598  4,598   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of the share option issued has been measured based on a binomial lattice model.

The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values at grant date were as follows:

| At grant date on  29 March 2018  Share price (cents)  6.70  Exercise price (cents)  8.50  Historical and expected volatility  52.43%  Dividend yield  0.00%  Risk-free interest rate  2.00%  Time to expiration  5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected  volatility  was  determined  taking  into  consideration  the  Company's  historical  weekly  share  price  volatility  from 2 March 2017 (date of announcement of new acquisition) to 26 February 2018.

The granting of options to Mr Sun Bowen, the Executive Chairman of the Company have been accounted for as an equity transaction that falls within the scope of SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment and the fair value of the Share Options had been estimated at $4,598,000 by an independent professional valuer.

No share options were exercised during the reporting year (2021: Nil).

96

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 21.  OTHER RESERVES

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Foreign currency translation reserve (Note 21A)  (1,835)  (1,873)  -  -  Share options reserve (Note 20C)  4,598  4,598  4,598  4,598  2,763  2,725  4,598  4,598   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21A.  Foreign currency translation reserve

Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  comprises  foreign  exchange  differences  arising  from  translation  of  the  financial statements of foreign operations where the functional currencies are different from the functional currency of the Company.

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  (1,873)  (2,258)  Foreign exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  38  391  Attributable to non-controlling interest  -  (6)  At end of the year  (1,835)  (1,873)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade payables  Outside parties  2,353  3,262  79  15  Related parties  674  580  -  -  Total trade payables  3,027  3,842  79  15  Other payables  Amount owing to other related parties (Note 3)  12,110  13,741  -  -  Advance from shareholder (Note 3)  490  -  490  -  Directors fee payable (Note 3)  240  80  240  80  Directors remuneration payable (Note 3)  677  360  677  360  Accrued expenses  113  125  105  110  Total other payables  13,630  14,306  1,512  558  Total trade and other payables  16,657  18,148  1,591  573   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amount owing to other related parties are interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 23.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| Group and Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Lease liabilities, non-current  -  32  Lease liabilities, current  31  45  31  77   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in lease liabilities are as follows:

| Group and Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  At beginning of the year  77  32  Additions  -  91  Accretion of interest  3  2  Repayments  (49)  (48)  At end of the year  31  77   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reporting entity has a lease relating to the office space. Other information about the leasing activities are summarised as follows: the lease prohibits the lessee from selling or pledging the underlying leased asset as security unless permitted by the owner; with remaining term of 7 months; there are no variable payments linked to an index; there is option to extend the lease for a further term.

A summary of the maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 26E. Total cash outflows from leases are shown in the statement of cash flows. The related right-of-use-assets are disclosed in Note 13.

The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities recognised was 5.25% (2021: 5.25%) per annum.

Subsequent to initial measurement, the liability will be reduced for payments made and increased for interest. It is remeasured to reflect any reassessment or modification, or if there are changes to in-substance fixed payments.  When the lease liability is re-measured, the corresponding adjustment is reflected in the right-of-use asset, or profit and loss if the right-of-use asset is already reduced to zero.

At reporting year date there were no commitments on leases which had not yet commenced.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 24.  LOSS PER SHARE

The following table illustrates the numerators and denominators used to calculate basic and diluted loss per share:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Numerator:  Loss attributable owners of the Company  Total basic and diluted earnings  (41,903)  (5,397)  '000  '000  Denominator:  Weighted average number of equity shares  Basic and diluted  789,000  789,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has granted 600,000,000 share options at exercise price of $0.085 to Mr Sun Bowen and Mr Wee Henry. There is no dilutive effect from the share options as they are anti-dilutive because their conversion to ordinary shares would increase earnings per share or decrease loss per share from continuing operations.

## 25.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

Estimated amounts committed at the end of the financial year for future capital expenditure but not recognised in the financial statements are as follows:

| Group  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Commitment to take up shares in Linyi Yin Sheng through GEM  8,000  8,000  Commitment to take up shares in Wonder Stone through Linyi Yin Sheng  6,397  6,415  Commitment to take up shares in Yinsheng Real Estate through Wonder Stone  5,601  5,616  Commitment to develop Project Wonder Stone Park located in Shandong Province of the  People's Republic of China  -  110,000  19,998  130,031   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 26.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## 26A.  Categories of financial assets and liabilities

The following table categorises the carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities recorded at the end of the reporting year:

| Group  Company  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at amortised cost  1,568  1,908  3,474  3,545  1,568  1,908  3,474  3,545  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  16,688  18,225  1,622  650  16,688  18,225  1,622  650   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further quantitative disclosures are included throughout these financial statements.

There are no significant fair value measurements recognised in the statements of financial position.

## 26B.  Financial risk management

The main purpose for holding or issuing financial instruments is to raise and manage the finances for the entity's operating, investing and financing activities. There are exposures to the financial risks on the financial instruments such as credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk comprising interest rate, currency risk and price risk exposures. Management has certain practices for the management of financial risks and actions to be taken in order to manage the financial risks. However these are not documented in formal written form. The guidelines include the following:

- (i) Minimise interest rate, currency, credit and market risks for all kinds of transactions.
- (ii) Maximise the use of 'natural hedge': favouring as much as possible the natural off-setting of sales and costs and payables and receivables denominated in the same currency and therefore put in place hedging strategies only for the excess balance. The same strategy is pursued with regard to interest rate risk.
- (iii) All financial risk management activities are carried out and monitored by senior staff.
- (iv) All financial risk management activities are carried out following acceptable market practices.

There have been no changes to the exposures to risk; the objectives, policies and processes for managing the risk and the methods used to measure the risk.

## 26C.  Fair value measurement of financial instruments

The analyses of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 are disclosed in the relevant notes to the financial statements. These include the significant financial instruments stated at amortised cost and at fair value in the statement of financial position. The carrying values of current financial instruments approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of these instruments and the disclosures of fair value are not made when the carrying amount of current financial instruments is a reasonable approximation of the fair value.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 26.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont'd)

## 26D. Credit risk on financial assets

Financial assets that are potentially subject to concentrations of credit risk and failures by counterparties to discharge their  obligations  in  full  or  in  a  timely  manner. These  arise  principally  from  cash  balances with  banks,  cash  equivalents, receivables and other financial assets.  The maximum exposure to credit risk is the total of the fair value of the financial assets at the end of the reporting year.  Credit risk on cash balances with banks and any other financial instruments is limited because the counter-parties are entities with acceptable credit ratings.  For expected credit losses (ECL) on financial assets, the three-stage approach in the financial reporting standard on financial instruments is used to measure the impairment allowance.  Under this approach the financial assets move through the three stages as their credit quality changes. However, a simplified approach is permitted by the financial reporting standards on financial instruments for financial assets that do not have a significant financing component, such as trade receivables. On initial recognition, a day-1 loss is recorded equal to the 12 month ECL (or lifetime ECL for trade receivables), unless the assets are considered credit impaired. For credit risk on trade receivables an ongoing credit evaluation is performed on the financial condition of the debtors and an impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.  Reviews and assessments of credit exposures in excess of designated limits are made. Renewals and reviews of credits limits are subject to the same review process.

Note 18 discloses the maturity of the cash and cash equivalents balances. Cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of the standard on financial instruments. There was no identified impairment loss.

Other receivables are normally with no fixed terms and therefore there is no maturity.

## 26E.  Liquidity risk - financial liabilities maturity analysis

The liquidity risk refers to the difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. It is expected that all the liabilities will be settled at their contractual maturity. There are no liabilities contracted to fall due after twelve months at the end of the reporting year. The average credit period taken to settle trade payables is about 60 days (2021: 60 days). The other payables are with short-term durations. The classification of the financial assets is shown in the statement of financial position as they may be available to meet liquidity needs and no further analysis is deemed necessary.

| Less than  1 year  Less than  1 year  More than  1 year  More than  1 year  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Group  Trade and other payables  16,657  18,148  -  -  Gross finance lease obligations  31  48  -  32  At end of the year  16,688  18,196  -  32  Company  Trade and other payables  1,591  573  -  -  Gross finance lease obligations  31  48  -  32  At end of the year  1,622  621  -  32   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26F.  Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk arises on interest-bearing financial instruments recognised in the statement of financial position and on some financial instruments not recognised in the statement of financial position. The interest from financial assets including cash balances is not significant.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 26.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cont'd)

## 26G. Foreign currency risks

Analysis of amounts denominated in non-functional currencies is as follows:

| USD  $'000  Group  2022:  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  14  Net financial assets at end of the year  14  2021:  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  14  Net financial assets at end of the year  14  Company  2022:  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  14  Net financial assets at end of the year  14  2021:  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  14  Net financial assets at end of the year  14   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There is exposure to foreign currency risk as part of its normal business.

Sensitivity analysis: The effect on pre-tax profit is not significant.

## 27.  EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING YEAR

- (i) On 19 August 2022, the Group acquired 51% of the share capital in Winco Construct &amp; Decor Pte. Ltd. (incorporated in Singapore) for a consideration of $51,000.  The investee's principal activities are that of providing interior design services and renovation contractors. The objective of the acquisition is to allow the Group to expand the opportunities in real estate sector. The transaction will be accounted for by the acquisition method of accounting. The net assets of the investee as at the date of acquisition is $48,000. This acquisition is not considered material to the Group.
- (ii) On 28 and 29 November 2022, the Group entered into two separate agreements, namely; Land Use Rights Reacquisition Agreement and Asset Transfer Agreement with the local government of Fei County in PRC and its related entity to dispose the Group's hotel and land use rights. The total disposal consideration agreed is RMB 116 million (about S$23 million). These transactions are subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company.

101

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Year Ended 30 June 2022

## 28.  CHANGES AND ADOPTION OF FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

For  the  current  reporting  year  new  or  revised  financial  reporting  standards  were  issued  by  the  Singapore Accounting Standards Council. These applicable new or revised standards did not require any significant modification of the measurement methods or the presentation in the financial statements.

## 29.  NEW OR AMENDED STANDARDS IN ISSUE BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE

For the future reporting years certain new or revised financial reporting standards were issued by the Singapore Accounting Standards Council and these will only be effective for future reporting years. Those applicable to the reporting entity for future reporting years are listed below. The transfer to the applicable new or revised standards from the effective dates is not expected to result in any significant modification of the measurement methods or the presentation in the financial statements for the following year from the known or reasonably estimable information relevant to assessing the possible impact that application of the new or revised standards may have on the entity's financial statements in the period of initial application.

| SFRS (I)  No.  Title  Effective date for periods  beginning on or after  SFRS (I) 1-1  Presentation of Financial Statements - Amendment relating to  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  SFRS (I) 1-8  Definition of Accounting Estimates - Amendments to  1 January 2023  Various  Amendments to SFRS (I) 1-1 and SFRS (I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Various  Annual Improvements to FRSs 2018-2020  1 January 2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 2 December 2022

| Class of equity securities :  Ordinary Shares  Number of issued shares  :  790,000,000  Number of issued shares excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings :  789,000,000  Voting rights :  One vote per share  ## Treasury shares and subsidiary holdings  Number of treasury shares :  1,000,000  Number of subsidiary holdings :  -  Percentage of the aggregate number of treasury shares and subsidiary holdings against  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  excluding  treasury  shares  and subsidiary holdings  :  0.13%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| Size of Shareholdings  Number of  Shareholders  %  Number of  Shares (excluding  treasury shares  and subsidiary  holdings)  %  1 - 99  0  0.00  0  0.00  100  - 1,000  34  5.89  16,775  0.00  1,001 - 10,000  59  10.23  316,500  0.04  10,001 - 1,000,000  429  74.35  82,602,200  10.47  1,000,001 and above  55  9.53  706,064,525  89.49  Total:  577  100.00  789,000,000  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

(As recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders)

| Name of Substantial Shareholders  Direct  Interest  %  Deemed  Interest  %  Wee Henry  205,643,225  26.06  -  -  Li Shanhua  100,000,000  12.67  -  -  Sun Xiaohui  80,000,000  10.14  -  -  Sino Achieve Enterprises Limited  60,000,000  7.60  -  -  Wong Koon Lup  (1)  -  -  60,000,000  7.60   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

(1) Mr Wong Koon Lup is the legal and beneficial owner of Sino and is deemed to have an interest in the 60,000,000 shares held by Sino Achieve Enterprises Limited.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 2 December 2022

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| No.  Name of Shareholders  Number of Shares  %  1.  Normura Singapore Limited  104,761,900  13.28  2.  HSBC (Singapore) Nominees Pte Ltd  102,925,925  13.05  3.  Li Shanhua  100,000,000  12.67  4.  Sun Xiaohui  80,000,000  10.14  5.  Yap Beo Giap  38,486,300  4.88  6.  OCBC Securities Private Limited  31,752,100  4.02  7.  Bong Yew Keng (Huang Youqing)  20,563,300  2.61  8.  Quek Chek Lan  18,217,900  2.31  9.  Citibank Nominees Singapore Pte Ltd  14,475,000  1.83  10.  Ho Beng Siang  14,000,000  1.77  11.  CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  13,305,000  1.69  12.  Lim Hung  13,000,000  1.65  13.  Raffles Nominees (Pte.) Limited  12,439,200  1.58  14.  David Yeo Yong Herng (Yang Yongxin)  11,250,000  1.43  15.  Phillip Securities Pte Ltd  10,758,300  1.36  16.  Ng Khim Guan @Ngadimin  9,000,000  1.14  17.  DBS Nominees (Private) Limited  8,928,400  1.13  18.  Wang Zhaoping  8,000,000  1.01  19.  Tan Kay Cheng  6,550,100  0.83  20.  Maybank Securities Pte. Ltd.  6,163,300  0.78  Total:  624,576,725  79.16   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDING IN PUBLIC'S HANDS

43.52% of the Company's shares is held in the hands of public.  Accordingly, the Company has complied with Rule 723 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN that  the  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM '  or  the  ' Meeting ')  of  Imperium  Crown  Limited (the ' Company ') will be held at Singapore Polytechnic Graduates Guild, Grand Ballroom, Level 3, 1010 Dover Road, Singapore 139658 on Friday, 30 December 2022, at 10.00 a.m. for the following purposes:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon.

(Resolution 1)

2. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the revised and re-issued Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 together with the Auditors' Report thereon.

[See Explanatory Note (i)]

6. To transact any other ordinary business which may properly be transacted at an AGM.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as Ordinary Resolution, with or without any modifications:

## 7. Authority to allot and issue new shares

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act ') and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ') of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- (a) (i) issue shares in the Company (' Shares ') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ') that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other Instruments convertible into shares,

at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

(Resolution 2)

3. To re-elect the following Directors of the Company retiring pursuant to Article 117 of the Constitution of the Company:

Mr Sun Bowen Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck

(Resolution 3) (Resolution 4)

Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as a member of the Audit, Nominating and Remuneration Committees, and will be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

Key information on Mr Sun Bowen and Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck can be found on pages 29 to 33 respectively of the Company's annual report for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (the ' Annual Report 2022 ').

4. To approve the payment of Directors' fees of S$160,000 for the financial year ending 30 June 2023, payable quarterly in arrears (for the financial year ending 30 June 2022: S$160,000).

(Resolution 5)

5. To re-appoint Messrs RSM Chio Lim LLP as the Auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix their remuneration.

(Resolution 6)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of Shares (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this  Resolution)  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  this  Resolution  shall  not  exceed  one  hundred  per  centum (100%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders of the Company shall not exceed fifty per centum (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject  to  such  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  the  SGX-ST)  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the  aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
4. (b) new Shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards, provided the options or awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares;

Adjustments in accordance with (a) and (b) are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of the resolution approving the mandate.

- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules  for  the  time  being  in  force  (unless  such  compliance  has  been  waived  by  the  SGX-ST),  all  applicable  legal requirements under the Companies Act, and otherwise, the Constitution of the Company; and
- (4) unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a  general  meeting,  such  authority  shall  continue  in  force  until  the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

By Order of the Board

## Kiar Lee Noi

Secretary Singapore, 15 December 2022

(Resolution 7)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) As  announced  by  the  Company  on  30  March  2022,  the  Company  had  revised  the  audited  financial  statements  of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 to remediate the final findings of Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (' ACRA ') in relation to the relevant financials pursuant to Section 202A of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act ')  and the Companies (Revision of Defective Financial Statements or Consolidated Financial Statements or Balance-Sheet) Regulations 2018. The revision of the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 was prompted by the ACRA's Financial Reporting Surveillance Programme in compliance with the accounting standards under Section 201(5) of the Companies Act. The revised audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news, and will also be available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
- (ii) The Ordinary Resolution 7 in item 7 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into shares and to issue shares pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, one hundred per centum (100%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which up to fifty per centum (50%) may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders.

For determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) will be calculated based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Ordinary Resolution is passed after adjusting for new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time when this Ordinary Resolution is passed and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares.

## Notes:

1. The AGM will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Singapore Polytechnic Graduates Guild, Grand ballroom, Level 3, 1010 Dover Road, Singapore 139658 on Friday, 30 December 2022, at 10.00 a.m. pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business T rusts, Unit T rusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. There will be no option for members of the Company (the ' Members ') to participate virtually . A printed copy of this Notice of AGM will not be sent to the Members. Instead, this Notice of AGM will be sent to the Members by electronic means via publication on the Company's corporate website at the URL  https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news. This Notice of AGM will also be made available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
2. Arrangements relating to:
3. (a) attendance at the AGM;
4. (b) submission  of  questions  in  advance  of,  or  at,  the AGM,  and  addressing  of  substantial  and  relevant  questions  in advance of, or at, the AGM, in relation to any resolutions set out in this Notice of AGM; and
5. (c) voting at the AGM by the Member or through his / her / its duly appointed proxy(ies),

are set out in the accompanying Company's announcement dated 15 December 2022. This announcement may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news, and will also be made available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

3. Each of the resolutions to be put to the vote of Members at the AGM (and at any adjournment thereof) will be voted on by way of a poll.
4. (a) A Member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies. Where such Member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (b) A Member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such Member. Where such Member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument.

'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.

5. A proxy need not be a Member of the Company.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
3. (a) if submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 1 Commonwealth Lane, #06-20 One Commonwealth, Singapore 149544; or
4. (b) if submitted electronically, be sent via email to the Company, at agm2022@imperium-crown.com,

in either case, not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM.

The proxy form may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news and SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/companyannouncements. A Member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

7. Completion and return of the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) by a Member will not prevent him / her from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM if he / she so wishes. The appointment of the proxy(ies) for the AGM will be deemed to be revoked if the Member attends the AGM in person and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the relevant instrument appointing a proxy(ies) to the AGM.
8. Central Provident Fund (' CPF ')  or  Supplemental Retirement Scheme (' SRS ')  investors who hold the Company's shares through CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators:
3. (a) may vote  at  the AGM  if  they  are  appointed  as  proxies  by  their  respective  CPF Agent  Banks  or  SRS  Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
4. (b) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach  their  respective  CPF  Agent  Banks  or  SRS  Operators  to  submit  their  votes by  5.00  p.m.  on  Monday, 19 December 2022 .
9. The  Company's  Annual  Report  2022  and  the  Directors'  Statement  and  the  revised  and  re-issued  Audited  Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news and will also be made available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

## Personal data privacy:

By submitting (a) an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM of the Company and/or any adjournment thereof, or (b) questions in advance of, or at the AGM, in relation to any resolution set out in the Notice of AGM, a Member of the Company:

- (1) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the Member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the following purposes (collectively, the ' Purposes '):

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (a) processing and administration and analysis by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the appointment of a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the AGM of the Company (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes (including questions and answers) and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof);
- (b) processing of the registration for purpose of granting access to the Members (or their corporate representatives in the case of the Members which are legal entities) to observe the proceedings of the AGM of the Company and providing them with any technical assistance where necessary;
- (c) addressing all substantial and relevant questions received from the Members relating to the resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM to be tabled for approval at the AGM prior to, or at, the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant Members in relation to such questions; and
- (d) enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, take-over rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities.
- (2) warrants that where the Member discloses the personal data of the Member's proxy(ies) to the Company (or its agents or service providers), the Member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) for the Purposes and agrees that the Member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the Member's breach of warranty.

This page has been intentionally left blank.

## IMPERIUM CROWN LIMITED

(Company Registration No.: 199505053Z) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## IMPORTANT:

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ' or the ' Meeting ') of Imperium Crown Limited (the ' Company ') will be held, in a wholly physical format, at Singapore Polytechnic Graduates Guild, Grand Ballroom, Level 3, 1010 Dover Road, Singapore 139658 on Friday, 30 December 2022, at 10.00 a.m., pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. There will be no option for member of the Company (the 'Members') to participate virtually . Printed copies of the Notice of AGM dated 15 December 2022 and this Proxy Form will not be sent to the Members. Instead, the Notice of AGM and this Proxy Form will be sent to the Members by electronic means via publication on the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news. The Notice of AGM and this Proxy Form will also be made available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
2. Arrangements relating to:
3. (a)  attendance at the AGM;
4. (b)  submission of questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, and addressing of substantial and relevant questions in advance of, or at, the AGM, in relation to any resolutions set out in the Notice of AGM; and
5. (c) voting at the AGM by the Member or through his / her / its duly appointed proxy(ies),

are set out in the accompanying Company's announcement dated 15 December 2022. This announcement may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news, and will also be made available on the SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/companyannouncements.

3. This Proxy Form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by Central Provident Fund (' CPF ')  or Supplemental Retirement Scheme (' SRS ') investors who hold the Company's shares through CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators. CPF and SRS investors:
2. (a)  may vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
3. (b)  may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on Monday, 19 December 2022 .
4. By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies), the Member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 15 December 2022.
5. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia , the appointment of a proxy(ies) at the AGM.

*I / We, of

being a Member / Members of the Company, hereby appoint

Name and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

NRIC / Passport No.

NRIC / Passport No.

Address

Address

(Name)

(NRIC / Passport / Company Registration Number)

(Address)

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

or failing the person, or either or both of the persons, referred to above, the Chairman of the Meeting as my / our* proxy to vote for me / us* on my / our* behalf, at the AGM of the Company to be convened and held, in a wholly physical format, at Singapore Polytechnic Graduates Guild, Grand Ballroom, Level 3, 1010 Dover Road, Singapore 139658 on Friday, 30 December 2022, at 10.00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. I / We* direct my / our proxy / proxies* to vote for or against the Resolutions proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder.

* Delete where inapplicable

| No.  Resolutions relating to:  Number of Shares**  For**  Against**  Abstain**  1  Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 30 June  2022 together with the Auditors' Report  2  Directors'  Statement  and  revised  and  re-issued  Audited  Financial  Statements  for  the  financial year ended 30 June 2020 together with the Auditors' Report  3  Re-election of Mr Sun Bowen as a Director  4  Re-election of Dr Danny Oh Beng Teck as a Director  5  Approval of Directors' fees amounting to S$160,000 (FY2022: S$160,000)  6  Re-appointment of Messrs RSM Chio Lim LLP as Auditors  7  Authority to allot and issue shares   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

**   Note: Voting will be conducted by poll for all resolutions. If you wish your proxy to cast all your votes ' For ' or ' Against ' a resolution, please tick ' ✓ ' in the ' For ' or ' Against ' box provided in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes ' For ' or ' Against ' in the ' For ' or ' Against ' box provided in respect of that resolution. If you wish your proxy to abstain from voting on a resolution, please indicate with a tick ' ✓ ' in the ' Abstain ' box provided in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares that your proxy is directed to abstain from voting in the ' Abstain ' box provided in respect of that resolution. In any other case, the proxy / proxies may vote or abstain as the proxy / proxies deem(s) fit on any of the above resolutions if no voting instruction is specified, and on any other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof.

Dated this

Signature of Shareholder(s)

or, Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder day of December 2022

Total number of Shares in:

CDP Register

Register of Members

No. of Shares

## PROXY FORM

## Annual General Meeting

## Notes:

1. Each of the resolutions to be put to the vote of the Members at the AGM (and at any adjournment thereof) will be voted on by way of a poll.
2. A Member of the Company should insert the total number of shares held. If the Member has shares entered against his / her / its name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001), he / she / it should insert that number of shares.  If the Member has shares registered in his / her / its name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), he / she / it should insert that number of shares. If the Member has shares entered against his / her / its name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his / her / its name in the Register of Members, he / she / it should insert the aggregate number of shares entered against his / her / its name in the Depository Register and registered in his / her / its name in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by the Member of the Company.
3. (a) A Member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.
4. (b) A Member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such Member. Where such Member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument.

'Relevant intermediary' means:

- (i) a  banking  corporation  licensed  under  the  Banking  Act  1970  or  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  such  a  banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity;
- (ii) a person holding a capital markets services license to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (iii) the  Central  Provident  Fund  Board  established  by  the  Central  Provident  Fund  Act  1953,  in  respect  of  shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that Act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of Members of the Central Provident Fund, if the Central Provident Fund Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.
4. Completion and return of this instrument appointing a proxy shall not preclude a Member from attending and voting at the AGM. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to be revoked if a Member attends the AGM in person, and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the instrument of proxy to the AGM.
5. A proxy need not be a Member of the Company.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:
- (a) if submitted by post, be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 1 Commonwealth Lane, #06-20 One Commonwealth, Singapore 149544; or
- (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to the Company, at agm2022@imperium-crown.com,

in either case, not less than seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM.

The proxy form may be accessed at the Company's corporate website at the URL https:/ /www.imperium-crown.com/news and SGX's website at the URL https:/ /www.sgx.com/securities/companyannouncements. A Member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

7. The instrument appointing a proxy(ies) must be under the hand of the appointor or of his / her / its attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy(ies) is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which; the instrument may be treated as invalid.
8. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing or treated as appointing a proxy(ies) if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointer are not ascertainable from the instructions of  the  appointer  specified  in  the  instrument  appointing  or  treated  as  appointing  a  proxy(ies)  (including  any  related attachment). In addition, in the case of Members whose shares are entered against their names in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing or treated as appointing a proxy(ies) lodged if such Members, being the appointer, are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the Depository Register as at seventy-two (72)  hours  before  the  time  appointed  for  holding  the AGM,  as  certified  by The  Central  Depository  (Pte)  Limited  to the Company.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies), the Member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 15 December 2022.

<!-- image -->

## I MPERIUM CROWN LIMITED

1 Commonwealth Lane, #06-20 One Commonwealth, Singapore 149544 Tel: +65 6250 0925   Fax: +65 6250 0903   Email: inquiry@imperium-crown.com www.imperium-crown.com