<!-- image -->

## HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Chairman's Statement  2  Corporate Data  4  Directors' and Senior Management Profile  5  Corporate Governance Report  7  Corporate Structure  25  Financial Statistics &amp; Charts  26  Directors' Statement  27  Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Hotel Grand Central Limited  30  Balance Sheets  34  Consolidated Income Statement  36  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  37  Statements of Changes in Equity  38  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  40  Notes to the Financial Statements  42  Owned Hotels/Investment Properties  103  Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  104  Statistics of Shareholdings  110  Notice of Annual General Meeting  112  Proxy Form  119   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## INTRODUCTION

On behalf of the Board of Directors of Hotel Grand Central Limited, I would like to present the Annual Report and Financial  Statements  of  the  Group  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  the  Balance  Sheet  and Statement of Changes in Equity of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

## OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## GROUP REVENUE

The Group's revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 increased 17% to $143.5 million (2021: $123.1 million)  compared to the preceding financial year. The increase was mainly due to higher turnover at the Group's hotels. Majority of hotels in the Group recorded growth.

Rental income from investment properties reduced during the year due to the sale of the Flinders Street Building in the first quarter of 2022.

## Increase in Singapore Revenue

Singapore which had closed its borders to all arrivals since April 2020 began to relax border restrictions in the 4th quarter of 2021. One of the Singapore hotel that had operated as a Government Quarantine Facility reopened for business to the public on 4 March 2022. Both hotels' occupancy and rates picked up which resulted in an increase in turnover compared to 2021.

## Increase in New Zealand Revenue

Compared to Singapore and Australia, the New Zealand government took a longer time to relax its COVID-19 policies. The country which had closed its borders since March 2020 only fully reopened its borders on 1 August 2022. As a result, New Zealand hotels' revenue recovered strongly only in the 2nd half of 2022.

The investment properties in New Zealand however, provided a stable base of income.

## Increase in Australia Revenue

The Australia hotels performed better compared to last year due largely to improved domestic travel and to a smaller extent international travelling. The border which was closed since April 2020 fully reopened on 21 February 2022, but access for international flights were limited. The two hotels in Australia, namely Brisbane and Adelaide which had participated as quarantine hotels reopened for business to the public in January 2022.

Revenue from investment property was recorded only for the first two months of 2022 as it was contracted for sale with a completion date of 25 February 2022.

## Decrease in China Revenue

The China revenue decreased during the year due to weak market conditions as it suffered from the effects of the country's Zero Covid policy in 2022. Restrictions remained in place for both domestic and international travelers right up to February 2023.

## Increase in Malaysia Revenue

The Malaysia revenue increased marginally during the year mainly due to the lifting of the lockdown in Malaysia. However, the weak ringgit vis-à-vis Singapore dollars, resulted in an overall lower increase in revenue.

## GROUP EARNINGS

Although  the  Group  reported  17%  higher  revenue  in  2022  compared  to  2021,  the  profit  net  of  tax  unfortunately decreased to $0.8 million (2021: $14.0 million).

The decreased profit was mainly due to non cash adjustments as follow:

1. Net fair value loss on investment properties of $10.3 million ( 2021: loss of $1.5 million) largely due to the increased capitalization rates used in the valuation computations.
2. Revaluation deficit of $1.6 million relating to the Townsville hotel
3. Foreign exchange loss of $7.1 million (2021: loss of $3.3 million)

Profit drop was also affected by increased staff and operating costs due to inflation and staff shortages and increase in taxation.

Overall, the earnings per share of the Group was 0.11 cents compared to 1.91 cents in 2021.

## FINANCIAL POSITION

The Group's financial position remained stable as at 31 December 2022 with minimal liabilities.

In FY2022, the Group's net cash flows generated from operations alone was $43.3 million (2021: $37.4 million), an increase of 16%.

It generated another $79.2 million from sale proceeds on disposal of investment property. As at 31 December 2022, cash and cash equivalents stood at $246.1 million which was 41% higher compared to 2021. (2021: $175.0 million)

Its total assets at year-end amounted to $1.55 billion (2021: $1.50 billion) and net gearing ratio was effectively Nil as at year-end (2021: Nil).

The Group's net asset per share as at 31 December 2022 was $1.83 compared with $1.79 as at 31 December 2021.

## DIVIDENDS

Your Board recommends for your approval, a final one-tier ordinary dividend of 2.0 cent per ordinary share, in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## OTHER MATTERS

## DISPOSAL OF FLINDERS STREET BUILDING

The disposal of the Flinders Street Building for A$80.8 million was completed on 25 February 2022.

## UPDATE ON CONSTRUCTION OF AUCKLAND HOTEL

The construction of the new Auckland Hotel is unfortunately delayed due to the strict COVID-19 measures in New Zealand. Site works were entirely disallowed during the height of infections. Thereafter, there were restrictions on the number of onsite workers per area basis as well as loss of man days due to workers calling in sick and taking the mandatory 7 days leave once being tested positive for COVID-19. Completion is now expected to be in the third quarter of 2023.

## PROSPECT AND COVID-19

Many countries have relaxed border closures and travel restrictions gradually in 2022. China followed and opened up in the 1st quarter of 2023. The hotel industry is cautiously optimistic of a recovery in 2023. The strength of its recovery is largely dependent upon the post pandemic recovery of the global economies, sustained resumption of global businesses and pent up travelling demands. In addition, the hotel industry faces new operational challenges such as inflationary cost pressures, labour shortages and increasing interest rates environment.

Whilst there are signs of a recovery in travelling in 2023, the world economic outlook remains uncertain. The growth is threatened by global inflation and ongoing geopolitical conflicts. The relative strength of the Singapore Dollar vis a vis the Australia and New Zealand Dollar in 2023 will continue to undermine the Group's performance subjecting it to translation loss as a result of foreign exchange differences. The valuation of the Group's portfolio of hotel assets and investment properties is not only determined by capitalisation rates which are influenced by interest rates levels in 2023 but also foreign exchange exposure.

## CONCLUSION

In conclusion, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank our valued customers, shareholders and all business associates for their continuing support. I would also like to express my sincere thanks to our management and staff for their dedication and hard work especially in these challenging times.

Tan Eng Teong Chairman

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE DATA

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Tan Eng Teong (Executive Chairman/Managing Director) Tan Teck Lin (Executive Director) Tan Hwa Lian (Executive Director) Tan Eng How (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director) Tan Kok Aun (Lead Independent Non-Executive Director) Fang Swee Peng (Independent Non-Executive Director) Lim Thian Loong (Independent Non-Executive Director) Hui Chiu Fung (Independent Non-Executive Director)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Tan Kok Aun (Chairman) Fang Swee Peng Lim Thian Loong

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Fang Swee Peng (Chairman) Tan Teck Lin Tan Kok Aun

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Lim Thian Loong (Chairman) Fang Swee Peng Tan Kok Aun Hui Chiu Fung

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Yoo Loo Ping, ACIS

## REGISTERED OFFICE

22 Cavenagh Road Singapore 229617 Tel: 65 6737 9944 Fax: 65 6737 3175 Email: chairman@grandcentral.com.sg

Company No: 196800243H

## BANKERS

Agricultural Bank of China Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited Bank of New Zealand Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited United Overseas Bank Limited The Development Bank of Singapore Limited Westpac Banking Corporation

## SHARE REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER OFFICE

Boardroom Corporate &amp; Advisory Services Pte. Ltd. 1 Harbourfront Avenue Keppel Bay Tower #14-07 Singapore 098632

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young LLP One Raffles Quay North Tower, Level 18 Singapore 048583

Partner in charge: Low Yen Mei (since financial year ended 31 December 2020)

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Tan Eng Teong is  the  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  of  the  Company.  He  has  been  with  the  Group  since  the inception of the Company. Mr. Tan has, over the years, accumulated vast experience in the hotel and travel, property development and investment and manufacturing industries. He is currently the Executive Chairman of Grand Central Enterprises Bhd, a company listed on the Malaysia Securities Exchange Berhad. He is also a Director of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd., and the subsidiaries and associates companies of the Company.

Tan  Teck  Lin is  an  Executive  Director  of  the  Company.  He  has  been  with  the  Group  since  the  inception  of  the Company. Mr. Tan is involved in the day to day operations of the Group's Australia and New Zealand companies and the property development business in Malaysia. He is currently the Deputy Executive Chairman and Managing Director of Grand Central Enterprises Bhd. He is also a Director of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd. ('TCHS'), and various subsidiaries and associates companies of the Company and TCHS.

Tan Hwa Lian is an Executive Director of the Company. She joined the Board on 26 August 2003. After graduating from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) degree, she joined the banking &amp; finance sector. Working initially in corporate banking in a local bank, she later joined a large financial institution where she was responsible for real estate lending and long term treasury investments. In total, she gathered 15 years of  experience before leaving the sector in 2000. Ms Tan is also a Director of various subsidiaries and associates companies of the Company and Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd.

Tan Eng How has been with the Group since the inception of the Company. He is an Executive Director of Grand Central Enterprises Bhd. Mr. Tan is a member of the Hotel Catering and Institutional Management Association, United Kingdom and obtained a post graduate diploma in hotel and catering administration from the Council for National Academic Awards, United Kingdom. He is also a Director of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd. ('TCHS'), and various subsidiaries and associates companies of the Company and TCHS.

Fang Swee Peng is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He was appointed as a director of the Company on 28 April 2000. Mr. Fang is a professional electrical engineer and a fellow of the Singapore Institution of Engineers. He is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.

Tan Kok Aun is  the  Lead  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company.  He  was  appointed  as  a  director of  the  Company on 10 November 2011. Mr Tan is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and is a member of the Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr Tan has more than 25 years of experience as a corporate secretary and taxation practitioner in private practice in Malaysia. Mr. Tan is currently a director of PCA Corporate Advisory PLT, PCATAX Global PLT, Harmonique Union PLT, Systems Associates Sdn. Bhd. and Julung Prestasi Sdn. Bhd. He is a member of the Malaysian Association of Company Secretaries and holds a MBA from the Southern Cross University, Australia.

Lim Thian Loong is  an  Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He was appointed as a director of the Company on 26 September 2017. Mr Lim is the Chairman of Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr Lim has more than 13 years of experience in accounts, audit and tax. He is a member of The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA), Chartered Global Management Accountants (CGMA), Malaysian Institute of Accountants (MIA) and Chartered Tax Institute of Malaysia (CTIM). Mr. Lim is currently the  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  Grand  Central  Enterprise  Berhad  and  Iconic  Worldwide  Berhad,  both companies listed on the Malaysia Securities Exchange Berhad.

Hui Chiu Fung , was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 11 March 2019. Mr Hui is also a member of the Remuneration Committee. He graduated with a Bachelor Degree in Building and is a member of the Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers and the Singapore Institute of Arbitrators. For the past 10 years, Mr Hui works and practises as a Consulting Quantity Surveyor and is a director of CC Yeo QS Consultants Pte Ltd. He is also a director of Manta Equipment (S) Pte Ltd and Manta Services (S) Pte Ltd, both subsidiaries of Eagle Legend Asia Limited, a corporation listed in Hong Kong.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILE

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PROFILE

## MANAGEMENT

Tan Hwa Lam, Hellen is the Financial Controller of the Group. She has more than 35 years of experience in finance and accounting in the hotel industry. She has a MBA from the University of Leeds, United Kingdom. She also holds a Bachelor's degree in Management Studies from the University of Hull, United Kingdom, a diploma in Management Accounting from the then National Productivity Board and a London Chamber Commerce and Industry Higher Diploma in Accounting.

Tan Hwa Imm, Michelle is the Financial Controller of the Group's operations in Malaysia. She worked in an international accounting firm in London for 5 years and later as a Financial Controller of a commercial company. She graduated from the London School of Economics with a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Sciences (Second Upper Honours) and is also a fellowship member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. Ms. Tan is an Executive Director of Grand Central Enterprises Bhd.

Poh Teik Heng, Anthony is the Group Accountant (Finance &amp; Investments) of the Group. He has more than 25 years of experience in finance, accounting and auditing including more than 25 years in the hotel and property industries. He has a MBA from the University of Hull, United Kingdom and is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. His responsibilities include the overseeing of the Group's accounting and finance functions primarily in Australia and New Zealand and other corporate matters of the Group.

Wayne Woods joined as our Group General Manager of Australia &amp; New Zealand on 19 April 2022. He graduated from the Christ University with a Bachelor's Degree in Hospitality Management. Mr. Woods has over 25 years' experience in the hotel and property industry in Australia, New Zealand, Asia and UAE. His current responsibilities include overseeing the Group Operations in Australian and New Zealand.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

The Board of Directors (the ' Board ') and management (' Management ') of Hotel Grand Central Limited (the ' Company ' and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') firmly believe that a genuine commitment to good corporate governance is essential to the sustainability of the Company's business and performance, and supports long-term shareholder value. The Company also believes that the Directors must at all times act objectively in the best interest of the Company.

This corporate governance report (' Report ') sets out an overview of the Group's corporate governance practices and adheres to the principles of the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') with references to the accompanying practice guidance for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ').

The Board is responsible for the Company's corporate governance standards and policies, underscoring their importance to the Group and in ensuring that they are practiced throughout the Group as a fundamental part of discharging its responsibilities to protect and enhance shareholder value and the financial performance of the Group. Where there are deviations from any of the guidelines of the Code, an explanation has been provided within this Report. The Board has reviewed its best practices and ensured continued transparency and accountability in line with the principles of the Code.

## BOARD MATTERS

## THE BOARD'S CONDUCT OF AFFAIRS

## Principle 1:

The Company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

## Role and Responsibility

The principal functions of the Board are to:

1. provide entrepreneurial leadership and decide on matters in relation to the Group activities which are of a significant nature, including decisions on strategic directions and guidelines and the approval of periodic plans and major investments and divestments;
2. oversee the business and affairs of the Company, establish, with Management, the strategies and financial objectives to be implemented by Management (including appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability), monitor the performance of Management and ensure that the Company has the necessary resources to meet its strategic objectives;
3. set  the  Company's values, standards (including ethical standards), appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and put in place policies, structures and mechanism to ensure such values, standards and culture are complied with;
4. constructively challenge Management and hold them accountable for performance and ensure proper accountability within the Group;
5. oversee processes for evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls, risk management, financial reporting and compliance, and satisfy itself as to the adequacy and effectiveness of such processes;
6. be  responsible  for  the  governance  of  risk  and  ensure  that  Management  maintains  a  sound  system  of  risk management and internal controls, to effectively monitor and manage risks so as to safeguard the interests of the Company and its stakeholders, and achieve an appropriate balance between risks and company performance;
7. assume responsibility for corporate governance and ensure transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups; and
8. review the succession plans and remuneration policies for the Board and key management personnel.

## Independent Judgement

All Directors are expected to exercise independent judgement in the best interests of the Company. This is one of the performance criteria for the annual assessment of the Directors, as a full board. Based on the result of the annual assessment carried out by the Nominating Committee (' NC ') for FY2022, all Directors have discharged this duty well.

## Conflicts of Interest

Every  Director  is  required  to  promptly  disclose  any  conflict  of  interest,  whether  direct  or  indirect,  in  relation  to  a transaction or proposed transaction with the Company as soon as is practicable after the relevant facts have come to  his/her  knowledge,  and  recuse  himself/herself  when  the  conflict-related  matter  is  discussed,  and  abstain  from voting in relation to conflict-related matters.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## Directors' Induction and Training

All Directors appointed to the Board are provided with a formal letter of appointment which sets out the Director's role and key responsibilities. The NC ensures that new Directors are made aware of their duties and obligations. In particular, new Directors receive comprehensive induction on joining the Board. They are provided with information on the corporate background, key personnel, core businesses, group structure, financial statements of the Group and their scope of duties and responsibilities. They are also briefed on the Group's businesses and operations. Site visits are conducted as necessary to familiarise them with the Group's properties. Guidance is also given to all Directors on regulatory requirements concerning disclosure of interests and restrictions on dealings in securities.

At the Company's cost, training is made available to Directors on the Company's business and governance practices, and updates/developments in the regulatory framework affecting the Company. Directors are provided with opportunities to attend courses and talks on board matters organised by professional and reputable organisations including the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ')  and  the  Singapore  Institute  of  Directors.  This  aims  to give Directors a better understanding of the corporate governance matters relating to the Group and allows them to integrate into their roles and duties.

The briefings, updates and/or trainings attended by the Directors collectively for FY2022 include the following:

- the Company's external auditor updated the Audit Committee (' AC ') members on developments and/or changes on the accounting standards;
- the Directors are updated on the business activities and strategic directions of the Group;
- the Directors are updated on changes to the listing rules, corporate governance and other regulatory requirements, on a regular basis;
- all Directors attended Environmental, Social and Governance Essentials related training; and
- relevant training courses organised by the institutes and/ or group associations of specific interests.

From time to  time,  the  Company  keeps  the  Directors  apprised  of  any  new  laws,  regulations,  any  latest  changes to the SGX-ST listing requirements or changes to legislation which may impact the Group's business or business outlook, or may change the risks affecting the Group. The external auditor also brief and update AC Members on developments in accounting and governance standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements. The Directors are also kept updated on the outlook and trends in the property and hospitality markets during the Board meetings. A new Director appointed who has no prior experience as a Director of an issuer listed on SGX-ST (' first-time director ') will undergo mandatory training in his roles and responsibilities as prescribed by the SGX-ST, unless the NC is of the view that training is not required because he has other relevant experience. There is no new director appointed in FY2022.

## Board Matters

Each Board member has equal responsibility to oversee the business and affairs of the Company. Management on the other hand, is responsible for the day-to-day operation and administration of the Company in accordance with the policies and strategy set by the Board.

The Company has adopted internal guidelines setting forth matters that require Board approval. Material items that require Board approval include strategic directions, annual budget, financial results and dividend declaration, major funding proposals, investments, acquisitions and divestment proposals.

## Board Committees

To assist the Board in the discharge of its oversight function, various board committees, namely the Audit Committee (' AC '), Nominating Committee (' NC ') and Remuneration Committee (' RC ') (collectively the ' Board Committees ') with clear written terms of references. All the Board Committees are actively engaged and play an important role in ensuring good corporate governance in the Company and within the Group, and the Board is kept updated on discussions  of  the  committees  via  circulation  of  minutes  and  regular  updates  by  the  respective  chairmen  of  the committees at Board meetings. The terms of reference are reviewed periodically to ensure continued relevance. The composition and terms of reference of the respective Board Committees setting out their responsibilities and authority can be found in subsequent sections of this Report.

## Board and Board Committees Meetings

The Board conducts regularly scheduled meetings on a half-yearly basis to coincide with the announcement of the Group's half-year and full-year financial results and to keep the Board updated on business activities and the overall business environment in which the Group operates. Additional meetings are convened as and when circumstances dictate. The number of Board and Board Committees meetings held in FY2022 and the attendance of each Director are set out below:

| Board  AC  NC  RC  No. of meetings held in FY2022  2  3  1  1  Name of Directors  Designation  No. of Meetings attended in FY2022  Tan Eng Teong  Executive Chairman/Managing Director  2  N.A.  N. A.  N.A.  Tan Teck Lin  Executive Director  2  N.A.  1  N.A.  Tan Hwa Lian  Executive Director  2  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Fang Swee Peng  Independent Non-Executive Director  2  3  1  1  Tan Kok Aun  Lead Independent Non-Executive  Director  2  3  1  1  Lim Thian Loong  Independent Non-Executive Director  1  2  N.A.  -  Hui Chiu Fung  Independent Non-Executive Director  2  N.A.  N.A.  1  Tan Eng How  Non-Independent Non-Executive  Director  2  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In FY2022, all Directors attended and actively participated in the meetings of the Board and Board Committees of the Company. A Director who is absent from any meeting(s) of the Board and/or Board Committees had provided his view, if any, before the meeting, and had received updates and minutes of the meeting discussion. All Directors, including Directors with multiple board representations had ensured sufficient time and attention were given to the affairs of each company. Other than the formal meetings of the Board and Board Committees, the Board also discussed the Company's affairs regularly through email and/or informal meetings as and when deemed necessary.

## Objectives and Benefits

The board assessment exercise provides an opportunity to obtain constructive feedback from each Director on whether the Board's procedures and processes allowed him/her to discharge his/her duties effectively and the changes which should  be  made  to  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  and/or  Board  Committees.  The  assessment  exercise also helped the Directors to focus on their key responsibilities. It also assisted the NC in determining whether to re-nominate Directors who are due for retirement at the next annual general meeting, and in determining whether Directors with multiple board representations were nevertheless able to and had adequately discharged their duties as Directors of the Company.

Based on feedback from the Directors, the Board and Board Committees continued to perform and fulfil its duties and responsibilities.

## Access to Information

Prior to each Board meeting and when the need arises, the Board is provided with complete and adequate information in  a  timely  manner,  thus  allowing  them  to  deliberate  on  issues  which  require  consideration.  Management  reports comparing actual performance with budget and previous corresponding periods and highlighting key performance indicators, as well as accounts and reports on the financial performance of the Group, are provided to Directors. Relevant  Management  staff  make  the  appropriate  presentations  and  answer  queries  from  Directors  at  the  Board meetings. Directors who require additional information may approach Management staff directly and independently and the required information is provided in a timely manner. Directors also have separate and independent access to the Company Secretary, and where necessary, obtain independent professional advice at the Company's expense. Such access to information is intended to enable the Directors to make informed decisions to discharge their duties and responsibilities.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Company Secretary

The Company Secretary administers, attends and prepares minutes of Board proceedings. The Company Secretary assist the Chairman to ensure that Board procedures (including but not limited to assisting the Chairman to ensure timely and good information flow to the Board and Board Committees, and between senior management and the NEDs, and facilitating orientation and assisting in the professional development of the Directors) are followed and regularly  reviewed  to  ensure  effective  functioning  of  the  Board,  and  that  the  Constitution  and  relevant  rules  and regulations, including requirements of the Companies Act, Securities &amp; Futures Act and Listing Manual of the SGXST are complied with. The Company Secretary also assist the Chairman and the Board to implement and strengthen corporate governance practices and processes with a view to enhancing long-term shareholder value. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary rests with the Board as a whole.

## BOARD COMPOSITION AND GUIDANCE

## Principle 2:

The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the Company.

The Board currently comprises three (3) Executive Directors, four (4) Independent Non-Executive Directors and one (1) Non-Independent Non-Executive Director. The composition of the Board is summarised in the table below:

| Name of Directors  Designation  Date of  Appointment  Last Date of  Re-election  Tan Eng Teong  Executive Chairman/Managing Director  10 July 1968  29 April 2022  Tan Teck Lin  Executive Director  10 July 1968  25 June 2020  Tan Hwa Lian  Executive Director  26 August 2003  25 June 2020  Fang Swee Peng  Independent Non-Executive Director  28 April 2000  30 April 2021  Tan Kok Aun  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director  10 November 2011  30 April 2021  Lim Thian Loong  Independent Non-Executive Director  26 September 2017  30 April 2021  Hui Chiu Fung  Independent Non-Executive Director  11 March 2019  29 April 2022  Tan Eng How  Non-Independent Non-Executive Director  10 July 1968  30 April 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  NC  conducted  an  assessment  in  February  2023  and  is  satisfied  that  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees comprise Directors who as a group provide an appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience and other aspects of diversity. The NC is also satisfied that the Directors, as a group, possess core competencies required for the Board and the Board Committees to be effective, taking into account the Company's strategy and business.

Out of the eight members, four are Independent Directors and one is a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director. Despite the variation from Provision 2.2 of the Code which Independent Directors do not make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent, the Company considers the current Board size of eight members is appropriate. As a whole, there are five Non-Executive Directors which make up a majority of the Board, of whom four  are  Independent  Directors  which  make  up  half  of  the  Board,  which  had  continued  to  make  up  a  strong  and independent element of the Board whereby the views of the Management and Executive Chairman and his team were constructively challenged, from time to time, at Board meetings.

With  a  half  of  the  Board  comprising  Independent  Directors  and  such  Independent  Directors  having  the  requisite experience, expertise and standing, the Board is able to exercise objective judgement independently from its substantial Shareholders and Management, and no individual or small group of individuals dominate the Board's decision-making process. Where necessary, Non-Executive Directors, led by the Lead Independent Non-Executive Director, Mr Tan Kok Aun, formally or informally meet without the presence of Management, and provide feedback to the Board and/ or the Chairman after such meetings, as appropriate.

Taking note of provision 2.2 of the Code, the NC would continue to evaluate the composition of the Board.

## Board Independence

The  Board  considers  an  Independent  Director  as  one  who  has  no  relationship  with  the  Company,  its  related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Directors' independent business judgment of the Company's affairs with a view to the best interests of the Company.

The NC determines on an annual basis whether or not a Director is independent. The NC carried out the review on the independence of each Director based on the respective Directors' confirmation of independence and their actual performance on the Board and Board Committees, taking into account the listing rules on the circumstances in which a Director will not be deemed independent and guidance in the Code and Rule 210(5)(d) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST as to the circumstances in which a Director should not be deemed independent, including whether a Director is independent in conduct, character and judgment and whether there are relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect or could appear to affect the Director's judgment.

For FY2022, based on the declarations of independence provided by the Non-Executive Independent Directors and the guidance in the Code and taken into account the assessment of the NC, the Board has determined that Messrs Fang Swee Peng, Tan Kok Aun, Lim Thian Loong and Hui Chiu Fung continue to be independent. Each member of  the  NC  and  Board  had  recused  himself  from  the  NC's  and  the  Board's  deliberations  respectively  on  his  own independence.

There are two Directors, Messrs Fang Swee Peng and Tan Kok Aun (' Nine Years Directors '), who have been a Director for an aggregate period of more than nine years, had been approved at the Extraordinary General Meeting (' EGM ') of the Company held on 31 December 2021 under the Two-Tiered Voting, to continue as Independent Director of the Company. The Company noted the new rule set out in the Listing Manual where a director who has served on a board for an aggregate period of nine years will no longer be eligible to be designated as an independent director of the Company, with a transition period up to the conclusion of the Company's AGM for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 (' FY2023 ') for the application of the said new listing rule. Accordingly, both Nine Years Directors who confirmed their independence in accordance to Rule 210(5)(d)(i) and 210(5)(d)(ii) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, can remain as independent directors until the conclusion of the Company's AGM for FY2023. The NC and the Board will be undertaking a board renewal process in view that the Nine Years Directors will no longer be independent after the Company's AGM for FY2023.

## Board Diversity

The Company recognises that diversity in relation to composition of the Board provides a range of perspectives and insights needed to support good decision-making for the benefit of the Group, and is committed to ensuring that the Board comprises Directors who, as a group, provide an appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity (such as gender and age) so as to promote the inclusion of different perspectives and ideas, mitigate against groupthink and ensure that the Company has the opportunity to benefit from all available talent. In identifying suitable candidates for new appointments to the Board, the NC would ensure that female candidates were included for consideration. The final decision on the appointment of Directors would be based on and driven by merits against the objective criteria set by the Board from time to time on the recommendation of the NC, after having regards to the benefits of diversity and the needs of the Board.

The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy. The NC is responsible for setting and maintaining the Board Diversity Policy, including setting of its targets, plans and timelines. The NC and the Board regularly reviews the size and composition of the Board, as well as succession planning, gender diversity and refreshment of the Board based on the current guidelines set under the Board Diversity Policy.

The annual assessment is led by the NC as part of the process for appointment of new Directors and board succession planning. To help the NC identify gaps (if any) in skills, knowledge, experience and other aspects of diversity in the board composition in any given year of assessment, each member of the Board is required to complete a Board evaluation form. The returns from the board members are then consolidated into a single Board Diversity summary to highlight the Board's current mix of skills, knowledge, experience and other aspects of diversity. The NC, review and agree annually the qualitative factors for achieving diversity on the Board.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

In FY2022, the NC had reviewed the Board composition. The Board, in concurrence with the NC, was of the view that a Board size of eight Directors, and composition of the Board comprises the requisite mix of experience and expertise, including experience and expertise in the relevant hospitality and property industries, accounting and tax, and quantity survey, which allows for a productive exchange of ideas and views within the Board for the Group's current operations and focus, to facilitate effective decision-making, taking into account the nature and scope of the operations of the Company, the requirements of the Company's business and the need to avoid undue disruptions from changes to the composition of the Board and Board Committees. No individual or small group of individuals dominate the Board's decision-making.

As at the date of publication, there are two independent directors who had served on the Board for more than nine years, and will no longer be considered independent following the conclusion of the Company's AGM for FY2023. The NC will continue to review and consider the size and composition of the Board for the proposed renewal process to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of core skills and experience commensurate with the nature, size and complexity of the Group's business, its operating environment, and its current and future targets and focus.

Full details of targets, plans and timelines will be set and be disclosed when they become available.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER/MANAGING DIRECTOR

## Principle 3:

There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

Mr. Tan Eng Teong is the Executive Chairman of the Board and Managing Director of the Company. As Chairman of the Company, Mr. Tan Eng Teong plays a pivotal role in steering the strategic direction and growth of the Group's business, sets the agenda for each Board meeting and ensures information flow between Management and the Board. As the Managing Director, Mr. Tan Eng Teong oversees the day to day running of the business in Singapore, Malaysia, China, Australia and New Zealand. In carrying out his responsibilities as the Managing Director, Mr. Tan Eng Teong works closely with Mr. Tan Teck Lin, the Executive Director, Mr. Tan Eng How, the Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, and Ms. Tan Hwa Lian, the Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Tan Teck Lin is involved in the day to day running of the business in Australia, New Zealand and Malaysia and makes all major operational decisions with the concurrence of Mr. Tan Eng Teong. Mr. Tan Eng Teong is kept informed of all significant operational decisions in Malaysia by Mr. Tan Teck Lin. Ms. Tan Hwa Lian is involved in the operations of the hotel business in Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and China.

Currently, the Company adopts a single leadership structure whereby the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Managing Director are assumed by the same person such that the decision-making process of the Company would not be unnecessarily hindered.

Although this deviates from the recommendations set out in the Code, the Board believes that vesting the roles of both Chairman and Managing Director on the same person who is knowledgeable in the business of the Group provides the Group with a strong and consistent leadership and allows for more effective planning and execution of long-term business strategies. The Board is mindful of the desirability of separating the two functional positions. However, it believes that vulnerability of the dual roles, if any, is considerably lessened by the checks and balances energetically exercised by the Board. The balance of power and authority is also provided by three committees, namely AC, NC and RC which are all chaired by the Independent Directors.

The Chairman, with the assistance of the Company Secretary, schedules meetings and prepares meeting agenda to enable the Board to perform its duties responsibly, having regard to the flow of the Company's operations. He sets guidelines on and monitors the flow of information from Management to the Board to ensure that all material information is provided in a timely manner to the Board to make good decisions. He also encourages constructive relations between the Board and Management, and between the executive and non-executive Directors. At Board meetings, the Chairman encourages a full and frank exchange of views, drawing out contributions from all Directors so that the debate benefits from the full diversity of views, in a robust yet collegiate setting. At annual general meetings and other shareholders' meetings, the Chairman ensures constructive dialogue between shareholders, the Board and Management. The Chairman sets the right ethical and behavioural tone and takes a leading role in the Company's drive to achieve and maintain a high standard of corporate governance with the full support of the Directors, Company Secretary and Management.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

The Chairman and Managing Director, assisted by the Management team, makes strategic proposals to the Board and after robust and constructive board discussion, executes the agreed strategy, manages and develops the Group's businesses and implements the Board's decisions.

## Lead Independent Director

As the Chairman is not an independent Director, the Company has appointed Mr. Tan Kok Aun as the Lead Independent Non-Executive  Director  to  serve  in  a  lead  capacity  to  coordinate  the  activities  of  the  non-executive  Directors  in circumstances where it would be inappropriate for the Executive Chairman to serve in such capacity. He also assists the Executive Chairman and the Board to ensure effective corporate governance in managing the affairs of the Board and the Company.

The role of the Lead Independent Director includes meeting with the Non-Executive Directors without the presence of the Executive Chairman/Managing Director and Executive Directors at least once annually and on such other occasions as are deemed appropriate. He will also be available to shareholders if they have concerns relating to matters that contact through the Chairman has failed to resolve, or where such contact is inappropriate or inadequate.

## BOARD MEMBERSHIP

## Principle 4:

The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of Directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## Nominating Committee

The NC comprises three Directors, the majority of whom, including the NC Chairman are Independent Directors. The Lead Independent Director is a member of the NC.

The NC Members are:

- Mr. Fang Swee Peng (Chairman), Independent Non-Executive Director
- Mr. Tan Kok Aun (Member), Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
- Mr. Tan Teck Lin (Member), Executive Director

Based on its written terms of reference which set out clearly its authority and duties, the NC will make its recommendations to the Board on all board appointments and re-appointments, the process and criteria for evaluating the performance of the Board, the Board Committees and the Directors, review the adequacy of the training and professional development programmes for the Board and the Directors, and review the succession plans for Directors, in particular for  the Chairman, the Managing Director and the other key management personnel.

## Process for appointment of new Directors

- a. The NC reviews annually the balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, and the size of the Board which would facilitate decision-making. In this review, the NC would also take into account the needs of the Group, the collective skills and competencies of the Board and service tenure spread of the Directors.
- b. In  the  light  of  such  review  and  in  consultation  with  Management,  the  NC  assesses  if  there  is  any  inadequate representation in respect of any of those attributes and if so, determines the role and the desirable competencies for a particular appointment.
- c. The NC will in all cases, take into consideration the following objective criteria identified as necessary for the Board and Board Committees to be effective:
- i. Integrity
- ii. Independent mindedness
- iii. Ability to commit time and effort to carry out duties and responsibilities effectively
- iv. Track record of making good decisions
- v. Experience in high-performing companies
- vi. Financial literacy

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

- d. External help (for example, Singapore Institute of Directors and search consultants) may be used to source for potential candidates if need be. Directors and Management may also make recommendations.
- e. The NC meets with the short-listed candidate(s) to assess suitability and to ensure that the candidate(s) is/are aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required
- f. The NC makes recommendations to the Board for approval.

## Alternate Directors

The Company does not have any alternate Directors appointed to the Board.

## Board Succession Planning

The  Board  believes  that  orderly  succession  and  renewal  are  achieved  as  a  result  of  careful  planning,  where  the appropriate composition of the Board is continually under review. In this process for the renewal of the Board and the selection of new Directors, the experience of longer serving Directors can be drawn upon while tapping into the new external perspectives and insights which more recent appointees bring to the Board's deliberation.

The NC leads the process and makes recommendations to the Board on the appointment of new directors and renomination of Directors.

## Process for re-nomination of retiring Directors

The Constitution requires one-third of the Directors, or the number nearest to (but not greater than) one-third, to retire from office by rotation at every Annual General Meeting (' AGM '). The Directors to retire in the relevant year by rotation shall be those who have been longest in office since their last re-election or appointment and as between persons who became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day, those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. All Directors also must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every three years pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Listing Manual of SGX-ST. A Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an additional Director may only hold office until the next AGM and will be eligible for re-election at such AGM.

The NC is responsible for re-appointment of Directors. In its deliberations on the re-appointment of existing Directors:

- a. The  NC  reviews  each  Director's  eligibility,  contribution  and  performance  (such  as  attendance,  preparedness, participation  and  candour), with reference to the results of the assessment of the performance of board as a whole.
- b. NC makes recommendations to the Board for approval.

Messrs Tan Teck Lin and Tan Hwa Lian who are retiring at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Regulation 120 of the Company's Constitution, has offered themselves for re-election. The Board has accepted the NC's recommendation and recommended that Messrs Tan Teck Lin and Tan Hwa Lian, who retire by rotation pursuant to the Constitution, be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

The detailed information as required under Rule 720(6) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual on Directors seeking re-election are disclosed in the 'Information of Directors seeking re-election' section of the Annual Report.

## Annual Review of Directors' Commitments

The NC assesses annually whether a Director with other listed company board representations and/or other principal commitments is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director of the Company. Instead of  fixing  a  maximum number of listed company board representations and/or other principal commitments that a Director may have, the NC assesses holistically whether a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director of the Company, taking into account the results of the assessment of the effectiveness of the individual Director, the level of commitment required of the Director's listed company board representations and/or other principal commitments, and the Director's actual conduct and participation on the Board and board committees, including availability and attendance at regular scheduled meetings and adhoc meetings. The NC is of the view that such an assessment is sufficiently robust to detect and address, on a timely basis, any time commitment issues that may hinder the effectiveness of the Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

The NC conducted an assessment in February 2023 and is of the view that each Director has given sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company and has been able to discharge his/her duties as Director effectively. The NC noted that based on the attendance of Board and Board Committee meetings during the year, the Directors were able to participate in at least a substantial number of such meetings to carry out their duties. The NC also noted that, based on the report on the Directors' assessment for FY2022, all the Directors performed well. The NC was therefore satisfied  that  in  FY2022,  where  a  Director  had  other  listed  company  board  representations  and/or  other  principal commitments, the Director was able and had been adequately carrying out his/ her duties as Director of the Company.

## Key Information on Directors

Key information on each Director, including his academic qualifications and principal commitments, are set out in the 'Directors' and Senior Management Profile' section of the Annual Report. In addition, information on shareholdings in the Company held by each Director is set out in the 'Directors' Statement' section of the Annual Report.

Information  relating  to  Directors  who  are  nominated  for  re-appointment  or  re-election,  including  any  relationships between such Directors, and the other Directors, the Company, its related corporations, substantial Shareholders or officers respectively, are set out in the 'Information of Directors Seeking Re-election' section of the Annual Report.

## BOARD PERFORMANCE

## Principle 5:

The  Board  undertakes  a  formal  annual  assessment  of  its  effectiveness  as  a  whole,  and  that  of  each  of  its  board committees and individual Directors.

The  Board  has  implemented  formal  processes  for  assessing  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole  to  the effectiveness of the Board.

Through the NC, the Board has implemented an annual evaluation process to assess the effectiveness of the Board as a whole. The evaluation process is undertaken as an internal exercise and involves Board members completing a questionnaire covering areas relating to:

- Board composition
- Information to the Board
- Board procedures
- Board accountability
- Communication and evaluation with the CEO and Top Management
- Standards of conduct by the Board

The evaluation process takes into account the views of each Board member and provides an opportunity for Directors to provide constructive feedback on the workings of the Board including its procedures and processes and whether these may be improved upon.

A collective evaluation exercise was carried out by the NC and the Board in the financial year under review. Led by the NC Chairman, this collective assessment was conducted by means of a confidential questionnaire completed by each Director which is collated, analysed and discussed with the NC and the Board against comparatives from the previous year. Recommendations to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board are implemented, as appropriate. The Chairman shall act on the results of the performance evaluation and in consultation with the NC, propose, where appropriate, new members to be appointed to the Board or seek the resignation of Directors.

The evaluation determined that all Directors had contributed effectively and had demonstrated full commitment to their roles.

Given the current size of the Board, the NC was of the view that the performance evaluation of the Board as a whole would suffice and that performance evaluation of the AC, NC and RC and individual performance evaluation of each Director is not necessary at this juncture. The NC would consider carrying out the aforesaid performance evaluation in the future, should the need arise.

For FY2022, the Board has not engaged any external consultant to conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of the Board and the contribution by each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board. Where relevant, the NC will consider such an engagement.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## PROCEDURES FOR DEVELOPING REMUNERATION POLICIES

## Principle 6:

The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on Director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual Directors and key management personnel. No Director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## RC Composition and Role

The RC comprises four Directors, all of whom (including the RC Chairman) are independent.

## The RC Members are:

- Lim Thian Loong (Chairman), Independent Non-Executive Director
- Fang Swee Peng (Member), Independent Non-Executive Director
- Tan Kok Aun (Member), Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
- Hui Chiu Fung (Member), Independent Non-Executive Director

The RC's written terms of reference set out the role and responsibilities of the RC, which include reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on:

- a framework of remuneration for the Board and the key management personnel. The framework takes into account the specific role and circumstances of each Director and key management personnel to ensure an appropriate remuneration level and mix that recognises the performance, potential and responsibilities of these individuals; and
- the remuneration package for each Director and key management personnel which covers all aspects of remuneration, including Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, benefits-in-kind and termination payments.

The RC considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, and aims to be fair and avoids rewarding poor performance.

None of the RC Members is involved in the deliberation on any remuneration, compensation or form of benefit to be granted to himself.

## RC's Access to External Expert Advice

The RC Members are familiar with executive remuneration/compensation matters as they manage their own businesses and/or are serving on the boards of other listed companies. The RC has access to appropriate expert advice where necessary and did not consider it necessary to engage a remuneration consultant for FY2022.

## LEVEL AND MIX OF REMUNERATION

## Principle 7:

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the Company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the Company.

## Remuneration Framework

The remuneration policy of the Company seeks to align the interests of the Directors and the key management personnel with those of the Company, as well as to ensure that remuneration is commercially attractive to attract, retain and motivate Directors to provide good stewardship of the Company and key management personnel to successfully manage the Company and enhance value creation for the long term. In determining remuneration packages, the RC takes into consideration industry practices, norms in compensation and the strategic objectives of the Company, as well as the need for remuneration to be linked with the long-term interest, risk policies, sustained performance and value creation of the Company.

## Remuneration of Executive Directors

There  are  appropriate  measures  in  place  to  assess  the  performance  of  the  Executive  Director  and  the  other  key management personnel. The performance-linked elements of their remuneration packages are designed to align their interests with shareholders, other stakeholders and the long-term success of the Company and take into account the risk policies of the Company.

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

For  Non-Executive  Directors,  their  remuneration  is  appropriate  to  their  level  of  contribution,  taking  into  account factors such as effort and time spent as well as their respective responsibilities. The Board recommends the fees to be paid to Non-Executive Directors for Shareholders' approval annually. The fees consist of a basic fee for service on the Board and additional fees for service as member or chairman of Board Committees. The fees are pro-rated based on a Director's length of service in the year under review. Non-Executive Directors do not receive any variable remuneration such as options or bonuses.

The RC reviews and makes recommendations to the Board in relation to Non-Executive Directors' fees and allowances. RC Members abstain from deliberations in respect of their remuneration.

## DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION

## Principle 8:

The Company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

The remuneration policy of the Company seeks to align the interests of the employees with the Company's shortterm and long-term business objectives, as well as to ensure that the Company remains attractive as a prospective employer, and a fair employer to retain and motivate the existing staff. The entire remuneration package of all employees comprises of salaries, short-term and long-term incentives, as well as benefits-in-kind. Short term incentives include bonuses for staff to drive business performance, and long-term incentives to reward value creation. As part of the Company's performance management system, the Company sets and reviews the key performance indicators (' KPIs ') of each employee on an annual basis and the rewards package of each employee is dependent on achieving these annual targets.

The KPIs of each employee take into consideration the Company's, respective departments' and each individual's performance in accordance with his/her designation and responsibilities within the Group. The KPIs are communicated to each employee at the beginning of each year so as to align the employee's performance to the performance of the Company. The entire remuneration package and policy is reviewed periodically to ensure market competitiveness.

The remuneration of each individual Director and the key management personnel of the Group is disclosed below. The report covers the total remuneration as well as the breakdown of remuneration in FY2022.

## Remuneration of Directors

The level of each Director's remuneration for FY2022 are shown below:

| Fee  S$'000  Salary  S$'000  Bonus  S$'000  Benefit  S$'000  Total  S$'000  Mr. Tan Eng Teong  56.0  240.0  140.0  -  436.0  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  49.4  180.2  14.2  -  243.8  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  53.8  -  -  -  53.8  Mr. Tan Eng How  49.4  -  -  -  49.4  Mr. Fang Swee Peng  48.7  -  -  -  48.7  Mr. Tan Kok Aun  43.2  -  -  -  43.2  Mr. Lim Thian Loong  25.0  -  -  -  25.0  Mr. Hui Chiu Fung  25.0  -  -  -  25.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

## Remuneration of Key Management Personnel

For FY2022, the Company has only four (4) key management personnel who are not directors or the CEO of the Company, who are Ms. Tan Hwa Lam, Hellen (Financial Controller), Mr. Poh Teik Heng, Anthony (Group Accountant (Finance  &amp;  Investments)),  Mr.  Wayne  Elmo  Woods  (Group  General  Manager  (Australia  &amp;  New  Zealand))(appointed with effect from 19 April 2022), and Mr. Frank Delli Cicchi (Group General Manager)(Resigned on 8 April 2022). Each of  these  key  executive's  remuneration  falls  below  the  S$250,000  band.  The  aggregate  total  remuneration  paid  to the four (4) KMP key executives (who are not Directors or the CEO of the Company) was approximately S$531,828.

Remuneration of Employees who are Substantial Shareholder, or immediate family members of the Directors, the Managing Director or Substantial Shareholder of the Company

For FY2022, the following are the two immediate family members of the Directors and Chairman of the Company whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 for FY2022:

| Remuneration bands  Name of employees  Employee's relationship  $100,000 - $150,000  Tan Hwa Lam, Hellen  Daughter of Tan Eng Teong and sister of Tan Hwa Lian  Tan Hwa Kok  Son of Tan Eng Teong and brother of Tan Hwa Lian   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not have any share option scheme.

For FY2022, there were no termination, retirement and post-employment benefits granted to Directors and the top five key executives other than the contractual notice period termination payment in lieu of services in respect of the executive.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

## Principle 9:

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.

## Risk Governance

The Board has overall responsibility for the governance of risk. To pursue a sustainable long-term growth path, the Board recognises the importance of, and is responsible for, ensuring that Management designs, implements and monitors a sound system of risk management and internal controls as part of good governance. The AC assists the Board in carrying out the Board's responsibilities of overseeing the Group's risk profile, and the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework and policies, as well as the internal control system. The AC reviews and the Board endorses the Group's risk appetite and risk policies, which determine the nature and extent of significant risks that the Group is willing to take to achieve its strategic and business objectives. The Board also reviews annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems.

At the Management level, the Internal Auditor reports to the AC on a half-yearly basis or more frequently as needed. The Internal Auditor highlights significant risk issues, both existing and emerging, for discussion with the AC and the Board, taking into account the immediate operating environment and the next half year prospects.

## Enterprise Risk Management Framework

The Group has established an Enterprise Risk Management (' ERM ')  framework  and  is  continuously  reinforcing  it across all levels of the Group's businesses and operations. The ERM framework aims to increase the confidence in the Group's strategies, businesses and operations, through assurance that key risks are properly and systematically addressed. The ERM framework enables Management to have a formal structure to:

1. define the risk appetite of the Group;
2. identify and assess the key risks which the Group faces and the current controls and strategies for the Group to respond to these risks;
3. evaluate the effectiveness of the current controls and strategies and determine if further risk treatment plans are

needed;

4. set  up  key  risk  indicators  to  monitor  risks  that  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's  businesses  and operations as and when they arise and take mitigating steps as necessary; and
5. report and review the Group's overall risk profile.

The system of risk management and internal controls, including information technology risk controls are reviewed and, where appropriate, refined regularly by Management, the AC and the Board. Where relevant, reference is made to  the  best  practices  and  guidance  in  the  Risk  Governance  Guidance  for  Listed  Boards  issued  by  the  Corporate Governance Council.

Management sets the appropriate tone at the top and is continuously reinforcing the 'risk-aware' culture within the Group. With the belief that risk management is every employee's responsibility, Management works towards embedding risk management principles in the day-to-day decision-making and business processes. To promote risk awareness and enhance risk management knowledge, senior management staff in both the property and hospitality businesses actively participate in regular ERM discussions, training and workshops to acquire and maintain an adequate understanding of ERM concepts, methodologies and tools to enable them to manage risks in their respective areas of work.

To demonstrate ownership and accountability, senior management staff who are key risk and control owners review and provide assurances by way of sign-offs to the Financial Controller, Group Accountant and the other key management personnel in respect of the risks and controls under their charge or purview. In turn, based on these assurances, the Chairman and Managing Director and other key management personnel provide an annual written statement to the Board.

For FY2022, the Board has received assurances from:

- (a) the Chairman and Managing Director and the Group Accountant (Finance &amp; Investments) that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and
- (b)  the Chairman and Managing Director and the other key management personnel who are responsible, that the Group's risk management and internal control systems were adequate and effective to address the risks (including financial,  operational,  compliance and information technology risks) which the Group considers material to its current business environment.

Based  on  the  internal  controls  currently  in  place,  the  work  undertaken  by  the  internal  and  external  auditor,  the assurances from the Chairman and Managing Director, the Group Accountant (Finance &amp; Investments) and the other key management personnel as well as reviews by the AC and the Board, the Board, with the concurrence of the AC, has commented that the Group's risk management and internal control systems (including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls) are adequate and effective for FY2022. In commenting on the risk management and internal control systems, the Board has noted the ERM framework and processes as set out in the preceding paragraphs under 'Enterprise Risk Management Framework'.

The  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  provide  reasonable  but  not  absolute  assurance  that the Group will not be adversely affected by the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision-making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities or other events arising from the business environment which the Group operates in.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

## Principle 10:

The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## AC Composition and Role

The AC comprises three members who have recent and relevant accounting and financial management expertise and experience. All the AC Members are (including the AC Chairman) are independent. None of the AC Members were former partners or directors of of, or had any financial interest in, the Company's external auditor, Ernst &amp; Young LLP (' EY '), within the past 24 months. Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the AC members are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## The AC Members are:

- Tan Kok Aun (Chairman), Lead Independent Non-Executive Director
- Fang Swee Peng (Member), Independent Non-Executive Director
- Lim Thian Loong (Member), Independent Non-Executive Director

The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance and the offering of a high standard of accountability to the shareholders. The AC is authorised by the Board to investigate all matters within its term of reference. The AC has full  access  to,  and  the  co-operation  of  Management,  as  well  as  full  discretion  to  invite  any  Director  and key management personnel to attend its meetings, and is provided with reasonable resources for it to discharge its functions properly.

The AC carries out the functions set out in the Code and the Companies Act. The AC's written terms of reference include:

- -reviewing and reporting to the Board on the significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements and any announcements relating to the Company's financial performance;
- -reviewing and reporting to the Board on the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external  audit  and  internal  audit  function  at  least  annually,  including  reviewing  the  internal  and  external  audit plans and audit reports, the internal auditor's evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls, the scope and results of the internal audit procedures, the cost-effectiveness, independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- -considering and recommending to the Board the appointment/re-appointment of the external auditor, the audit fee and matters relating to the resignation or dismissal of the auditors;
- -reviewing and reporting to the Board on interested person transactions in compliance with the SGX-ST Listing Manual;
- -reviewing and reporting to the Board the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and risk management systems at least annually;
- -reviewing  the  assurances  from  the  Chairman  and  Managing  Director  and  the  Group  Accountant  (Finance  &amp; Investments) on the financial records and financial statements; and
- -reviewing the procedures for detecting fraud and for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, and ensuring that these arrangements allow proportionate and independent investigation of such matters and are appropriately followed up on.

In performing the functions, the AC has reviewed the Group's audited consolidated financial statements and discussed with Management and the external auditor the significant matters which involved judgement by the Management. The AC reviewed, amongst other matters, the key audit matters as reported by the external auditor for FY2022, including (i) carrying value of hotel assets; and (ii) valuation of investment properties.

## Significant matters

How the AC reviewed these matters

## Carrying value of hotel assets and valuation of investment properties

The AC reviewed the outcomes of the valuation process with Management, focusing on the methodologies and key underlying assumptions applied to the valuation models in assessing the fair values of the hotel assets and investment properties of the Group. The AC had reviewed the KAMs and concurred with the external auditor and Management on their assessment, judgements and estimates on the significant matters reported by the external auditor as set out under the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 30 to 33 of this Annual Report.

The AC also considered the findings of the independent external valuers and external auditor and was satisfied that the valuation approaches were appropriate.

During FY2022, the AC reviewed the half-year and full-year financial statements prior to submission to the Board for approval; the annual audit plan of the external auditor and the internal auditor and the results of the audit performed by them; interested person transactions; effectiveness and adequacy of the Company's risk management and internal controls systems; audit and non-audit services rendered by the external auditor and the re-appointment of external auditor and their remuneration.

The AC members had been briefed by the Management and external auditor, EY on any changes to accounting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements as part of their audit. A record of the AC members' attendance at the AC meetings during FY2022 is set out on page 9 of this Annual Report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

In accordance with Rule 1207(6) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual, details of the aggregate amount of fees paid to EY and the breakdown of fees payable in respect of audit and non-audit services can be found under Note 21(b) of the Notes to the Financial Statements. Further to the above, the Company has also complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

The AC has reviewed and is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditor and has approved the remuneration and terms of engagement of EY. In its review, the AC has considered the non-audit services provided by the external auditor and is of the opinion that these services do not affect the auditor's independence. The AC has reviewed the Audit Quality Indicators and the performance of EY and has recommended to the Board the nomination EY for re-appointment by the Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM for FY2022.

## Whistle-Blowing Policy

The Company is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct and adopts a zero tolerance approach to fraud. The Company undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud in an objective manner, and has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which provides employees and any other person with well-defined and accessible channels, including direct access to the Chairman of the AC, to raise concerns about possible irregularities in matters of financial reporting or other matters in confidence relating to any misconduct or wrongdoing relating to the issuer and its officers (the ' Whistle-Blowing Policy ').

The Whistle-Blowing Policy which aims to encourage and provide a channel to employees and any other persons to  report,  in  good  faith  and  in  confidence,  concerns  about  possible  fraud,  improprieties  in  financial  reporting  or other matters. The objective of such an arrangement is to ensure independent investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up action. Employees and any other persons may report their concerns to the Chairman of the AC by post or through the online feedback form, details of which are disclosed in the handbook. Provided that an employee makes a disclosure in good faith and it does not matter if staff are mistaken, the Company will protect the personal interests of the employee, and will not tolerate any harassment or victimisation of anyone raising a concern. The identity of the person raising the matter will be kept confidential, if so requested.

The Chairman of the AC is responsible for investigating any concerns raised and he reports his findings to the AC independent  of  Management.  The  AC  is  able  to  act  independently  to  take  such  action  as  may  be  necessary  to address the concerns raised and has the authority to instruct any senior management staff to assist or co-operate in such action, and to set up a special internal independent investigation or reference to external authority for further investigation. The AC reports significant matters raised to the Board.

## Internal Audit

The Group's internal audit function in FY2022 is outsourced to BDO Wellington Limited (' BDO NZ '). BDO NZ is part of the BDO global network of leading accountancy and business advisory organisations extending over 167 countries and territories.  BDO  NZ  is  staffed  with  professionals  with  relevant  qualifications  and  experience  in  areas  such  as internal audits, risk management services and advisory services in the region. The Internal Auditor reports directly to the Chairman of the AC on audit matters and the Executive Management on administrative matters. The AC approves the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the head of the internal audit function or the accounting/auditing firm  or  corporation  to  which  the  internal  audit  function  is  outsourced.  BDO  NZ  has  unfettered  access  to  all  the Company's documents, records, properties and personnel, including access to the ARC.

The AC, on an annual basis, assesses the effectiveness of the internal audit by examining the scope of the internal audit work and results of the areas reviewed, getting the appropriate confirmation that there was no observable material weakness during their internal audit review, the Internal Auditor's reports and recommendations, and Management's implementation of such recommendations.

Based on the above, the ARC is satisfied that the internal audit function by BDO NZ is adequately resourced and staffed with persons with the relevant qualifications and experience. Accordingly, the AC believes that the Group's internal audit function is independent, effective and adequately resourced.

The AC met with the internal auditors and external auditor without the presence of Management in respect of FY2022 audit to review matters that might be raised privately and also review the independence of the external auditor annually.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

## Principle 11:

The Company treats all Shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise Shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the Company. The Company gives Shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

In  line  with  its  continuous  disclosure  obligations,  the  Group  is  committed  to  maintaining  regular  and  proactive communication with shareholders. It is the Board's policy that shareholders are informed of all major developments that impact the Group, on a timely basis.

Information is communicated to shareholders on a timely basis and is made through:

- (a) annual reports that are prepared and issued to all shareholders;
- (b)  financial  statements  containing  a  summary  of  the  financial  information  and  affairs  of  the  Group  for  the  year published through the SGXNet;
- (c)  notices of and explanatory memoranda for annual and extraordinary general meetings;
- (d)  announcement on major developments of the Group; and
- (e)  the Company's website which provides, inter alia, corporate announcements, annual reports and profile of the Group at http://www.ghihotels.com.

The Company's Constitution allows all shareholders to appoint proxies to attend general meetings and vote on their behalf. Subject to the Companies Act and any other relevant act in force from time to time, and the Listing Manual, the Company's Constitution allows the Directors, at their sole discretion, approve and implement, subject to such security  measures  as  may  be  deemed  necessary  or  expedient,  such  voting  methods  to  allow  members  who  are unable to vote in person at any general meeting the option to vote in absentia, including but not limited to voting by mail, electronic mail or facsimile.

At  the  AGM or other general meetings, separate resolutions will be set out as distinct issues for approval by the shareholders. All resolutions will be put to vote by way of a poll, and the detailed results will be announced via SGXNet after the conclusion of the meeting.

The  Company  records  the  minutes  of  general  meetings  that  include  relevant  and  substantial  comments  from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meetings and responses from management. Such minutes will be available to shareholders upon their request.

The Company's forthcoming AGM will be held on 28 April 2023, notice of which is set out on pages 112 to 116 of this annual report. The Company encourages active participation from the Shareholders at its AGMs. At the AGM, shareholders will be given the opportunity to voice their views and seek clarifications. Further, all resolutions will be put to vote by way of a poll, and the detailed results will be announced via SGXNet after the conclusion of the meeting.

To facilitate voting by the Shareholders, the Constitution allow the Shareholders to appoint up to two proxies to attend and vote in the shareholders' place at the general meetings of the shareholders. Pursuant to the introduction of the multiple  proxies  regime  under  the  Singapore  Companies  (Amendment)  Act  2014,  indirect  investors  who  hold  the Company's shares through a nominee company or custodian bank or through a Central Provident Fund agent bank may attend and vote at general meetings. Proxy forms can be sent to the Company by mail. Each distinct issue will be tabled for shareholders' approval via separate resolutions of AGMs.

The Chairmen of the Board Committees as well as the external auditor will be present and available to assist the Board in addressing any queries from the Shareholders. In addition, the minutes of the AGM, including substantial questions addressed during the meeting will be published within one month after the general meeting.

Shareholders are given opportunities to ask the Board and Management questions regarding the operations of the Group and in relation to the meeting agenda prior to the respective meetings, and the Company is to answer any relevant questions prior or during the general meetings pursuant to the Alternate Meeting Arrangement Order and the relevant guideline issued by the SGX.

## Separate Resolutions at General Meetings

At the AGM or other general meetings, separate resolutions will be set out as distinct issues for approval by shareholders. All  resolutions tabled at general meetings are put to vote by poll, and their detailed results will be announced via SGXNET after the conclusion of the general meeting. In the event that there are resolutions which are interdependent and linked, the Board will explain the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.

## Minutes and Results of General Meetings

The Company prepares minutes of general meetings which includes key comments and queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the meetings, and responses from the Board and Management. Pursuant to the Alternate Meeting  Arrangement  Order,  the  Company's  minutes  of  general  meetings  will  be  published  in  the  SGXNet  and Company's  website  within  one  (1)  month  of  the  AGM.  Results  of  the  general  meetings  are  also  released  as  an announcement via SGXNet.

## Dividend Policy

The Company does not have a fixed dividend policy. The Board will consider various factors, such as the Company's and/or Group's earnings, general financial position, capital expenditure requirements, cash flow, general business environment, development plans and other factors that may be deemed appropriate, to determine whether dividends would be paid for the financial year.

For FY2022, the Board has recommended a first and final dividend of 2 cents per share. The dividend payment is subject to shareholders' approval at the upcoming AGM to be held on 28 April 2023.

## ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

## Principle 12:

The Company communicates regularly with its Shareholders and facilitates the participation of Shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow Shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the Company.

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## Principle 13:

The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the Company are served.

The  Group  engages  in  regular,  effective  and  fair  communication  with  its  Shareholders  through  the  release  of  the Group's periodic and annual results, the timely release of material information through SGXNET and the publication of  the  Annual Report. Announcements of the Group's results are released, and Annual Reports and Sustainability Reports are issued within the periods prescribed under the SGX-ST Listing Manual. The Company also makes timely disclosures  to  Shareholders  via  SGXNET  in  accordance  with  the  SGX-ST  listing  requirements  on  any  changes  in the Company or its business which would likely materially affect the price or value of the Company's shares. Where appropriate, the Company also discloses such information on the 'Investors and Media' section of its website. In line with maintaining communication with Shareholders, as and when briefings on the Company's performance and financial results are conducted for analysts and the media, the Company will disclose the presentation materials on SGXNET.

The  Group's  website  (http://www.ghihotels.com)  has  a  dedicated  'Investors  Relations'  section  that  contains  key information for Shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders, including announcements, financial summary, financial results, annual reports, letters to Shareholders, information on AGMs, shareholding statistics, upcoming events and analyst coverage. The website is updated regularly with the Company's latest news and information.

## Investor relations policy

The Company currently does not have an investor relations policy but considers advice from its professionals on appropriate disclosure requirements before announcing material information to shareholders. Should the need arise, the Company will consider the appointment of a professional investor relations officer to manage the function.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

For the flnancial year ended 31 December 2022

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

## DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

The Company has devised and adopted a Securities Transactions Code for securities dealing for the Group's officers and employees which applies the best practice recommendations in the SGX-ST Listing Manual. To this end, the Company has  issued  guidelines  to  its  Directors  and  employees  in  the  Group  which  set  out  prohibitions  against dealings in the Company's securities (i) while in possession of material unpublished price-sensitive information, (ii) during the two weeks immediately preceding, and up to the time of the announcement of the Company's financial statements for each of the first three quarters of the financial year (if any) and, (iii) during the one month immediately preceding, and up to the time of the announcement of the Company's financial statements for the half or full financial year, whichever applicable. Prior to the commencement of each relevant period, an email would be sent out to all Directors and employees of the Group to inform them of the duration of the period.

Directors  and  officers  are  also  reminded  that  they  should  not  deal  in  the  Company's  securities  on  short-term considerations. The Company emphasises that the law on insider trading is always applicable notwithstanding the window periods for dealing in the shares. The Securities Transactions Code also enables the Company to monitor such share transactions by requiring employees to report to the Company whenever they deal in the Company's shares.

The Directors are required to notify the Company of any dealings in the Company's securities within two business days of the transactions.

The Board is satisfied with the Group's commitment in compliance with the Code.

## INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The Company has established procedures to ensure that all interested person transactions (' IPTs ')  are  submitted in a timely manner to the AC for review on the rationale and the terms of the Group's IPTs to ensure that they are conducted at arm's length basis and will not be prejudicial to the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders.

There were no transactions with interested person falling within the definition of Chapter 9 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

The Group does not have a general mandate from shareholders for IPTs pursuant to Rule 920 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

## MATERIAL CONTRACTS

No material contracts, not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, had been entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries involving the interest of any Executive Director, Non-Executive Director or controlling shareholder of the Company during FY2022.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT SUMMARY

The Group believes that the management of environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') factors is crucial in ensuring the sustainability and growth of the business in the long run.

The Group intends to publish its standalone FY2022 Sustainability Report on or before 30 April 2023. The Sustainability Report comprises information relating to the Group's sustainability approach and governance, material ESG factors that are relevant to our business and stakeholders, the policies and processes in place to monitor these factors as well as the performance against each factor.

The Sustainability Report will be prepared with reference to the SGX-ST Listing Manual (Rules 711A and 711B), which incorporates guidelines from the SGX-ST Sustainability Reporting Guide set out in Practice Note 7.6. In line with SGX's enhanced requirements introduced in December 2021, the Group will also be preparing its climate-related disclosures consistent with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (' TCFD '), in a phased approach starting with SGX's recommendations for Year 1 reporters. The Sustainability Report is also prepared with reference to the internationally recognized framework, the Global Reporting Initiatives (' GRI ') Universal Standards. The Sustainability Report will be publicly accessible on SGXNet as well as the Group's website.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard Pte Ltd

<!-- image -->

Grand Central International Management (S) Pte Ltd

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Management (S) Pte Ltd

100%

100%

<!-- image -->

SUBSIDIARIES

<!-- image -->

ASSOCIATES

<!-- image -->

MALAYSIA

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Enterprises (Penang) Sdn Bhd

<!-- image -->

Shianke Lee La Sdn Bhd

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Properties (M) Sdn Bhd

100%

100%

Grand Central Development Sdn Bhd

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Enterprises Bhd

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Grand Central (NZ) Limited

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Management (NZ) Ltd

<!-- image -->

James Cook Hotel Limited

<!-- image -->

James Cook Properties Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Auckland) Limited

<!-- image -->

HGC (Auckland City) Limited

100%

100%

Grand Hotels International Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Christchurch) Limited

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Grand Central (Australia) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Management (Australia) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Melbourne) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Brisbane) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Gainspan Pty Limited

100%

100%

|

50%

|

50%-Hotel Grand Chancellor (Hobart) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Launceston) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Chancellor Inn (Tasmania) Pty Limited

100%

100%

The Chancellor (Adelaide) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Adelaide) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Surfers Paradise) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Grand Central (Flinders St) Pty Ltd

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Palm Cove) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor (Townsville) Pty Limited

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Central (Sihui) Co. Ltd

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL STATISTICS &amp; CHARTS

<!-- image -->

NET ASSETS PER SHARE ($)

<!-- image -->

PROFIT BEFORE TAX ($ MILLION)

<!-- image -->

NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (CENTS)

<!-- image -->

| Profit &amp; Loss ($ Million)  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Turnover  162.0  154.7  93.1  123.1  143.5  Profit Before Tax  40.4  38.3  38.2  19.8  13.0  Profit After Tax  26.1  26.5  37.3  14.0  0.8  Balance Sheet ($ Million)  Total Assets  1,619.4  1,581.4  1,530.1  1,497.6  1,551.2  Paid Up Capital  502.5  502.5  502.5  515.0  515.0  Share Capital &amp; Reserve  1,380.0  1,350.0  1,334.5  1,320.8  1,350.0  Selected Ratios  Net Earnings Per Share (Cents)  3.70  3.64  5.14  1.91  0.11  Ordinary Dividends Per Share (Cents)  4.00  4.00  2.00  1.00  2.00  Net Assets Per Share ($)  1.90  1.86  1.84  1.79  1.83   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

The directors are pleased to present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of Hotel Grand Central Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the directors,

- (i) the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date, and
- (ii) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Tan Eng Teong

(Chairman/Managing Director)

Tan Teck Lin

(Executive Director)

Tan Hwa Lian

(Executive Director)

Tan Eng How

Fang Swee Peng

Tan Kok Aun

Lim Thian Loong

Hui Chiu Fung

In accordance with Regulation 120 of the Company's Constitution, Tan Teck Lin and Tan Hwa Lian retire, and being eligible, offer themselves re-election.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES

The following directors, who held office at the end of the financial year, had, according to the register of directors' shareholdings required to be kept under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, an interest in shares of the Company as stated below:

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  At the  beginning of  financial year  At the  end of  financial year  At  21 January  2023  At the  beginning of  financial year  At the  end of  financial year  At  21 January  2023  The Company  Ordinary shares  Tan Eng Teong  43,139  43,139  43,139  480,858,038  480,858,038  480,858,038  Tan Teck Lin  -  -  -  456,732,253  456,732,253  456,732,253  Tan Hwa Lian  6,661  6,661  6,661  -  -  -  Tan Eng How  1,259,742  1,259,742  1,259,742  433,085,962  433,085,962  433,085,962  Fang Swee Peng  673,396  673,396  673,396  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES (CONT'D)

By virtue of Section 7 of the Companies Act 1967, Tan Eng Teong, Tan Teck Lin and Tan Eng How are deemed to have an interest in the shares held by the Company in all its subsidiaries.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, share options, warrants or debentures of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year, or at the end of the financial year.

## SHARE OPTIONS

No share options have been granted by the Company since its incorporation.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee ('AC') comprises three board members, all of whom are non-executive and independent directors. The members of the AC, during the financial year and at the date of this report, are:

Tan Kok Aun (Chairman) Fang Swee Peng Lim Thian Loong

The AC carried out its functions in accordance with section 201B (5) of the Singapore Companies Act, 1967, including the following:

- Reviewed the audit plans of the internal and external auditors of the Group and the Company, and reviewed the internal auditor's evaluation of the adequacy of the Company's system of internal accounting controls and the assistance given by the Group and the Company's management to the external and internal auditors;
- Reviewed  the  semi-annual  and  annual  financial  statements  and  the  auditors'  report  on  the  annual  financial statements of the Group and the Company before their submission to the board of directors;
- Reviewed effectiveness of the Group and the Company's material internal controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management via reviews carried out by the internal auditor;
- Met with the external auditors, other committees, and management in separate executive sessions to discuss any matters that these groups believe should be discussed privately with the AC;
- Reviewed  legal  and  regulatory  matters  that  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the  financial  statements,  related compliance policies and programmes and any reports received from regulators;
- Reviewed the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- Reviewed the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors;
- Recommended to the board of directors the external auditors to be nominated, approved the compensation of the external auditors, and reviewed the scope and results of the audit;
- Reported actions and minutes of the AC to the Board of Directors with such recommendations as the AC considered appropriate; and
- Reviewed interested person transactions in accordance with the requirements of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited's ('SGX-ST') Listing Manual.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE (CONT'D)

The AC, having reviewed all non-audit services provided by the external auditors to the Group, is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services would not affect the independence of the external auditors. The AC has also conducted a review of interested person transactions.

The AC convened two meetings during the year with full attendance from all members. The AC has also met with internal and external auditors, without the presence of the Company's management, at least once a year.

Further details regarding the AC are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report.

## AUDITORS

Ernst &amp; Young LLP have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment as auditors.

On behalf of the board of directors,

Tan Eng Teong Director

Tan Teck Lin Director

Singapore 13 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  financial  statements  of  Hotel  Grand  Central  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group'), which comprise the balance sheets of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2022,  the  statements  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  and  the  consolidated  statement  of comprehensive income and consolidated cash flow statement of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group, and the balance sheet and the statement  of  changes  in  equity  of  the  Company  are  properly  drawn  up  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled our responsibilities described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters.  Accordingly,  our  audit  included  the  performance  of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements.

## (a) Carrying value of hotel assets

The Group is the owner of several hotels in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, China and Malaysia. The total carrying amount of the hotel assets subject to periodic revaluation comprised 79% of the total non-current assets as at 31 December 2022, and are disclosed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. The Group's policy is to carry these hotel assets at revalued cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses, with an asset re-valuation exercise carried out once every three years to ensure the carrying amount does not differ materially from the fair value of the hotel assets at the end of the reporting period. The latest valuation exercise was carried out for financial year ended 31 December 2022 in view of the changes in market and economic conditions since the date of last external valuation.

## Key Audit Matters (cont'd)

## (a) Carrying value of hotel assets (cont'd)

Management reviews the carrying value of the hotel assets and assesses if there is any indication of impairment in its hotel assets by considering individual hotel asset's operating performance and evaluating if the hotel's performance is in  line  with  the  assumptions  applied  in  the  most  recent  hotel  valuation  cycle.  The  carrying value of the hotel assets is significant to our audit due to their magnitude, significant judgement required and sensitivity of the assumptions used by the external professional valuers and management. Such assumptions focus  predominantly  on  future  hotel  operating  performance,  which  is,  amongst  others,  dependent  on  the expected occupancy rates, revenue growth rates and the competitive landscape in local markets, and the discount rates and capitalisation rates applied to arrive at the carrying value of the hotel assets. Management assesses, on an annual basis, whether there are triggering events indicating potential impairment. Management then applies its judgement in the assessment of the recoverability of the amounts invested in the hotel assets.

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, an evaluation of the Group's policies and procedures to identify triggering events for potential impairment and any material changes in the carrying value of hotel assets. We validated management's main cash flow assumptions and corroborated them by comparing them to internal forecasts and long term and strategic plans as well as historic trend analyses. We considered the objectivity, independence and expertise of the external professional valuers, and assessing the appropriateness of the valuation models and assumptions used by the external professional valuers for the selected hotel assets. In addition, we involved our internal real estate valuation specialists to assist us in validating the appropriateness of the valuation models and assumptions used by management by considering the valuation methodologies adopted for similar property types, and with reference to historical information, recent actual financial performance of the properties, recent transacted prices of comparable properties and industry data (where available). We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures to Note 6 and 28 to the financial statements relating to the assumptions, given the estimation uncertainty and sensitivity of the valuations.

## (b) Valuation of investment properties

Investment properties represent 13% of non-current assets as at 31 December 2022. The carrying amount of  the  Group's  investment  properties  are  disclosed  in  Note  7  to  the  financial  statements.  The  valuation  of these assets is significant to our audit due to their magnitude, their complexity and dependence on a range of estimates (amongst others, rental value, occupancy rates, discount rates, capitalisation rates and terminal yield rates) made by management as well as the external professional valuers.

Management uses external professional valuers to support its determination of the individual fair value of the investment  properties  annually.  Our  audit  procedures  included  amongst  others,  considering  the  objectivity, independence and expertise of the external professional valuers, and assessing the appropriateness of the valuation  models  and  assumptions  used  by  the  external  professional  valuers.  In  addition,  we  involved  our internal real estate valuation specialists to assist us in validating the appropriateness of the valuation models and assumptions used by management by considering the valuation methodologies adopted for similar property types, and with reference to historical information, recent actual financial performance of the properties, recent transacted prices of comparable properties and industry data (where available). We also assessed the adequacy of the disclosures to Note 7 and 28 to the financial statements relating to the assumptions, given the estimation uncertainty and sensitivity of the valuations.

## Other Information

Management is responsible for other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## Other Information (cont'd)

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I), and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient  to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going  concern  basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (cont'd)

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In  our  opinion,  the  accounting  and  other  records  required  by  the  Act  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  and  by  those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Low Yen Mei.

Ernst &amp; Young LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 13 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## BALANCE SHEETS

As at 31 December 2022

| Note  Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  4  515,009  515,009  Reserves  5  835,000  805,773  Total equity  1,350,009  1,320,782  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  6  1,060,655  971,923  Investment properties  7  157,310  156,356  Goodwill  626  674  Investments in associates  9  5,451  6,159  Investment securities  11  20,657  19,889  1,244,699  1,155,001  Current assets  Prepaid operating expenses  1,984  1,856  Inventories  12  889  803  Trade and other receivables  13  6,104  10,997  Cash and short-term deposits  14  297,524  230,874  Assets held for sale  7  -  98,056  306,501  342,586  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  15  16,461  12,203  Accrued operating expenses  2,920  2,336  Lease liabilities  16  66  118  Loans and borrowings  17  21,670  14,770  Deferred income  517  931  Income tax payable  5,053  4,684  46,687  35,042  Net current assets  259,814  307,544  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  10  145,218  137,198  Lease liabilities  16  9,286  4,565  154,504  141,763  Net assets  1,350,009  1,320,782   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## BALANCE SHEETS

As at 31 December 2022

| Note  Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Share capital  4  515,009  515,009  Reserves  5  212,521  200,377  Total equity  727,530  715,386  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  6  259,611  242,874  Investments in subsidiaries  8  356,366  344,736  Investments in associates  9  7,888  7,888  Investment securities  11  20,657  19,889  644,522  615,387  Current assets  Prepaid operating expenses  155  146  Inventories  12  12  15  Trade and other receivables  13  1,349  848  Cash and short-term deposits  14  99,584  112,940  101,100  113,949  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  15  5,134  4,271  Accrued operating expenses  1,100  972  Lease liabilities  16  18  39  Income tax payable  775  37  7,027  5,319  Net current assets  94,073  108,630  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  10  11,051  8,619  Lease liabilities  16  14  12  11,065  8,641  Net assets  727,530  715,386   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  Hotel operations  18  130,365  105,629  Rental income from investment properties  18  13,145  17,434  Total revenue  143,510  123,063  Other income  19  1,026  3,116  144,536  126,179  Costs and expenses  Staff costs  20  (44,276)  (35,495)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  6  (20,552)  (21,103)  Operating costs and expenses  21  (51,260)  (44,491)  Reversal of/(impairment loss) on investment in an associated company  19  499  (516)  Profit from operating activities before revaluation and  fair value adjustment  28,947  24,574  Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment  (1,633)  -  Fair value loss on investment properties  7  (10,330)  (1,535)  Profit from operating activities  16,984  23,039  Finance costs  22  (404)  (579)  Interest income from fixed deposits  3,755  837  Foreign exchange loss  (7,110)  (3,341)  Share of results of associates  (226)  (153)  Profit before tax  12,999  19,803  Income tax expense  23  (12,154)  (5,851)  Profit net of tax and attributable to owners of the Company  845  13,952  Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company  (cents per share)  Basic  24  0.11  1.91  Diluted  24  0.11  1.91   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit net of tax  845  13,952  Other comprehensive income:  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  Net gain/(deficit) on revaluation of hotel assets, net of tax  84,172  (5,904)  Net gain on fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value  through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI')  1,121  2,305  85,293  (3,599)  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Foreign currency translation  (49,517)  (22,038)  (49,517)  (22,038)  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  35,776  (25,637)  Total comprehensive income for the year and attributable to owners  of the Company  36,621  (11,685)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  Note  Share  capital  Retained  earnings  Asset  revaluation  reserve  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Other  reserve  Total  equity  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January 2022  515,009  297,614  616,418  3,348  (113,039)  1,432  1,320,782  Profit net of tax  -  845  -  -  -  -  845  Other comprehensive income for the year  Net gain on revaluation of hotel assets,  net of tax  -  -  84,172  -  -  -  84,172  Net gain on fair value changes of equity  instruments at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  1,121  -  -  1,121  Foreign currency translation  -  -  -  -  (49,517)  -  (49,517)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  845  84,172  1,121  (49,517)  -  36,621  Distributions to owners  Cash dividends  25  -  (7,394)  -  -  -  -  (7,394)  Others  Transfer upon disposal of equity instruments  at FVOCI  -  (224)  -  224  -  -  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  515,009  290,841  700,590  4,693  (162,556)  1,432  1,350,009  Group  Balance at 1 January 2021  502,537  297,739  622,777  1,043  (91,001)  1,432  1,334,527  Profit net of tax  -  13,952  -  -  -  -  13,952  Other comprehensive income for the year  Net deficit on revaluation of hotel assets,  net of tax  -  -  (5,904)  -  -  -  (5,904)  Net gain on fair value changes of equity  instruments at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  2,305  -  -  2,305  Foreign currency translation  -  -  -  -  (22,038)  -  (22,038)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  13,952  (5,904)  2,305  (22,038)  -  (11,685)  Distributions to owners  Cash dividends  25  -  (2,060)  -  -  -  -  (2,060)  Scrip dividends  25  12,472  (12,472)  -  -  -  -  -  12,472  (14,532)  -  -  -  -  (2,060)  Others  Transfer from asset revaluation reserve to  retained earnings  -  455  (455)  -  -  -  -  Balance at 31 December 2021  515,009  297,614  616,418  3,348  (113,039)  1,432  1,320,782   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Note  Share  capital  Retained  earnings  Asset  revaluation  reserve  Fair value  adjustment  reserve  Total  equity  Company  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance at 1 January 2022  515,009  15,166  181,863  3,348  715,386  Profit net of tax  -  529  -  -  529  Other comprehensive income for the year  Net surplus on revaluation of hotel assets,  net of tax  -  -  17,888  -  17,888  Net gain on fair value changes of equity  instruments at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  1,121  1,121  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  529  17,888  1,121  19,538  Distributions to owners  Cash dividends  25  -  (7,394)  -  -  (7,394)  Others  Transfer upon disposal of equity  instruments at FVOCI  -  (224)  -  224  -  Balance at 31 December 2022  515,009  8,077  199,751  4,693  727,530  Company  Balance at 1 January 2021  502,537  31,302  186,442  1,043  721,324  Loss net of tax  -  (1,604)  -  -  (1,604)  Other comprehensive income for the year  Net deficit on revaluation of hotel assets,  net of tax  -  -  (4,579)  -  (4,579)  Net loss on fair value changes of equity  instruments at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  2,305  2,305  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  (1,604)  (4,579)  2,305  (3,878)  Distributions to owners  Cash dividends  25  -  (2,060)  -  -  (2,060)  Scrip dividends  25  12,472  (12,472)  -  -  -  12,472  (14,532)  -  -  (2,060)  Balance at 31 December 2021  515,009  15,166  181,863  3,348  715,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Operating activities  Profit before tax  12,999  19,803  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  20,552  21,103  Fair value loss on investment properties  10,330  1,535  Dividend income from investment securities  (951)  (700)  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  (1,763)  (Reversal of)/impairment loss on investment in an associate  (499)  516  Impairment of goodwill  -  82  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  42  -  Revaluation deficit on property, plant and equipment  1,633  -  Finance costs  404  579  Interest income from fixed deposits  (3,755)  (837)  Foreign exchange loss  7,110  3,341  Share of results of associates  226  153  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  48,091  43,812  Increase in inventories  (132)  (169)  Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables  4,522  (2,054)  (Increase)/decrease in prepaid operating expenses  (252)  747  Increase in trade and other payables  4,716  282  Increase in accrued operating expenses  679  370  Cash flows from operations  57,624  42,988  Interest received  3,755  837  Interest paid  (133)  (400)  Income taxes paid  (17,919)  (6,001)  Net cash flows generated from operating activities  43,327  37,424  Investing activities  Dividend income from investment securities  951  700  Proceeds from disposal of investment securities  517  -  Proceeds from disposal of investment properties  79,224  -  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  17  10,709  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (35,085)  (23,366)  Purchase of investment securities  (164)  (244)  Additions to investment properties  (1,044)  (1,690)  Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities  44,416  (13,891)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Financing activities  Cash dividends paid on ordinary shares  (7,394)  (2,060)  Repayments of loans and borrowings  (11,046)  (14,769)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (378)  (302)  Proceeds from term loan  19,121  2,769  Placement of restricted cash - fixed deposits pledged for bank loan  and credit facility  -  (55,848)  Net cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities  303  (70,210)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  88,046  (46,677)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (16,958)  (7,257)  Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January  174,962  228,896  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  246,050  174,962  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year comprise:  Cash at bank and on hand  35,642  51,659  Short-term deposits  261,882  179,215  Cash and cash equivalents per balance sheets  297,524  230,874  Less: Fixed deposits pledged  (51,474)  (55,912)  Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December  246,050  174,962   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 1. CORPORATION INFORMATION

Hotel  Grand  Central  Limited  (the  'Company')  is  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Singapore and is listed on the Singapore Exchange.

The  registered  office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  is  located  at  22  Cavenagh  Road, Singapore 229617.

The principal activities of the Company consist of owning, operating and managing hotels. The principal activities of the subsidiaries and associates are disclosed in Note 8 and Note 9 respectively to the financial statements.

There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the financial year.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the balance sheet and statement of changes in equity of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS (I)').

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars ('SGD' or '$') and all values in are rounded to the nearest thousand ('$'000'), except when otherwise indicated.

## 2.2 Adoption of new and amended standards and interpretations

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except that in the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and amended standards which are relevant to the Group and are effective for annual financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. The adoption of these standards did not have a material effect on the financial performance or position of the Group and the Company.

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective

The Group has not adopted the following standards applicable to the Group that have been issued but not yet effective:

| Description  Effective for annual  periods beginning  on or after  SFRS(I) 17  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I)17:  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of  Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2024   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective (cont'd)

| ## Description  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1: Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  1 January 2024  Amendments to SFRS(I) 16: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback  1 January 2024  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28: Sales or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  Date to be determined   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors expect that the adoption of the standards above will have no material impact on the financial statements in the year of initial application.

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  comprise  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  used in  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All  intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intragroup transactions and dividends are eliminated in full.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

## (b) Business combinations and goodwill

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a deficit balance.

Business  combinations  are  accounted  for  by  applying  the  acquisition  method.  Identifiable  assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is an asset or liability, will be recognised in profit or loss.

Non-controlling interest in the acquiree, that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the acquire are recognised on the acquisition date at either fair value, or the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.

Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. In instances where the latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations (cont'd)

## (b) Business combinations and goodwill (cont'd)

Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to the Group's cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

The cash-generating units to which goodwill have been allocated is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that the cash-generating unit may be impaired. Impairment is determined for  goodwill  by  assessing  the  recoverable  amount  of  each  cash-generating  unit  (or  group  of  cashgenerating units) to which the goodwill relates.

Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that cash-generating unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is measured based on the relative fair values of the operations disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## 2.5 Foreign currency

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars ('SGD'), which is also the Company's functional currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## (a) Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and  its  subsidiaries  and  are  recorded  on  initial  recognition  in  the  functional  currencies  at  exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in  foreign  currencies are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss.

Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net investment in foreign operations are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and accumulated under foreign currency translation reserve in equity. The foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to profit or loss of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation.

## (b) Consolidated financial statements

For consolidation purpose, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into SGD at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period and their profit or loss are translated at the exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognised in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.6 Property, plant and equipment

All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, property, plant  and  equipment  other  than  freehold  land,  leasehold  land  and  hotel  buildings  and  improvements  are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Cost includes the cost of replacing part of the property, plant and equipment and borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying property, plant and equipment. The accounting policy for borrowing costs is set out in Note 2.17. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised as an asset if, and only if, it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.

When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced in intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciation, respectively. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Freehold land, leasehold land, and hotel buildings and improvements are measured at fair value less accumulated depreciation on leasehold land and hotel buildings and improvements and impairment losses recognised after the date of the revaluation. Valuations are performed at least once every three years to ensure that the carrying amount does not differ materially from the fair value of the freehold land, leasehold land and hotel buildings and improvements at the end of the reporting period.

Any revaluation surplus is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the asset revaluation reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss, in which case the increase is recognised in profit or loss. A revaluation deficit is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it offsets an existing surplus on the same asset carried in the asset revaluation reserve.

Any accumulated depreciation as at the revaluation date is eliminated against the gross carrying amount of the asset and the net amount is restated to the revalued amount of the asset. The revaluation surplus included in the asset revaluation reserve in respect of an asset is transferred directly to retained earnings on retirement or disposal of the asset.

Freehold land has an unlimited useful life and therefore is not depreciated.

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

Leasehold land

- 35 to 99 years

Hotel buildings and improvements

- 50 years

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment

- 2 to 13 years

Property, equipment and electrical fittings - 10 years

Kitchen and room equipment

- 4 years

Motor vehicles

- 5 to 10 years

Assets under construction included in plant and equipment are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use.

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each financial year-end, and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

An item of property, plant and equipment is de-recognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on de-recognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is de-recognised.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.7 Investment properties

Investment properties are properties that are either owned by the Group or leased under a finance lease that are held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation, or both, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, or in the ordinary course of business. Investment properties comprise completed investment properties. Properties held under operating leases are classified as investment properties when the definition of an investment property is met.

Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including transaction costs.

Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value. Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

Investment  properties  are  de-recognised  when  either  they  have  been  disposed  of  or  when  the  investment property is permanently withdrawn from use and no future economic benefit is expected from its disposal. Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of retirement or disposal.

Transfers are made to or from investment property only when there is a change in use. For a transfer from investment property to owner-occupied property, the deemed cost for subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. For a transfer from owner-occupied property to investment property, the property is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy for property, plant and equipment set out in Note 2.6 up to the date of change in use.

## 2.8 Intangible assets

Intangible  assets  acquired  separately  are  measured  initially  at  cost.  Following  initial  acquisition,  intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding capitalised development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is reflected in profit or loss in the year in which the expenditure is incurred.

The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either finite or indefinite.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortised over the estimated useful lives and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method are reviewed at least at each financial year-end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the asset is accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if the events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.

Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is de-recognised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when an annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

Impairment losses of continuing operations are recognised in profit or loss, except for assets that are previously revalued where the revaluation was taken to other comprehensive income. In this case, the impairment is also recognised in other comprehensive income up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

A previously recognised impairment loss for an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount. That increase cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss unless the asset is measured at revalued amount, in which case the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase.

An impairment loss on goodwill is recognised as an expense and is not reversed in a subsequent period.

## 2.10 Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.

In  the  Company's separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment losses.

## 2.11 Associates

An associate is an entity over which the Group has the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but does not have control or joint control of those policies.

The  Group  accounts  for  its  investments  in  associates  using  the  equity  method  from  the  date  on  which  it becomes an associate.

On acquisition of the investment, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the investee's identifiable assets and liabilities represents goodwill and is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the associate's identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the Group's share of associate's profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

Under the equity method, the investments in associates are carried in the balance sheet at cost plus postacquisition changes in the Group's share of net assets of the associates. The profit or loss reflects the share of  results  of  the  operations  of  the  associates.  Distributions  received  from  associates  reduce  the  carrying amount of the investment. Where there has been a change recognised in other comprehensive income by the associates, the Group recognises its share of such changes in other comprehensive income. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associates.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.11 Associates (cont'd)

When the Group's share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an additional impairment loss on the Group's investment in its associates. The Group determines at the end of each reporting period whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount in profit or loss.

The financial statements of the associates are prepared as of the same reporting date as the Company. Where necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.

Upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures any retained interest at its fair value. Any difference between the fair value of the aggregate of the retained interest and proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the investment at the date the equity method was discontinued is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.12 Financial instruments

## (a) Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

Trade receivables are measured at the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third party, if the trade receivables do not contain a significant financing component at initial recognition.

## Subsequent measurement

## Investments in debt instruments

Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group's business model for managing the asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset. The three measurement categories for classification of debt instruments are amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income and fair value through profit or loss. The Group only has debt instruments at amortised cost.

Financial assets that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the assets are de-recognised or impaired, and through amortisation process.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.12 Financial instruments (cont'd)

## (a) Financial assets (cont'd)

## Investments in equity instruments

On initial recognition of an investment in equity instrument that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably  elect  to  present  subsequent  changes  in  fair  value  in  other  comprehensive  income  (OCI). Dividends from such investments are to be recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right to receive payments is established.  For  investments  in  equity  instruments  which  the  Group  has  not  elected  to present subsequent changes in fair value in OCI, changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss.

## De-recognition

A financial asset is de-recognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired. On de-recognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income for debt instruments is recognised in profit or loss.

## (b) Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus in the case of financial liabilities not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

After  initial  recognition,  financial  liabilities  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are de-recognised, and through the amortisation process.

## De-recognition

A financial liability is de-recognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires. On de-recognition, the difference between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.13 Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss and financial guarantee contracts. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to  receive,  discounted  at  an  approximation  of  the  original  effective  interest  rate.  The  expected  cash  flows will  include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12-months (a 12 month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition,  a  loss  allowance  is  recognised  for  credit  losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.13 Impairment of financial assets (cont'd)

For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in  certain  cases,  the  Group  may  also  consider  a  financial  asset  to  be  in  default  when  internal  or  external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

## 2.14 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  at  bank  and  on  hand  and  short-term  deposits  that  are  readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.15 Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition is determined based on purchase costs on a first-in first-out basis. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## 2.16 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Provisions are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and adjusted to reflect the current best estimate. If it is no longer probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

## 2.17 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs are capitalised as part of the cost of a qualifying asset if they are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of that asset. Capitalisation of borrowing costs commences when the activities to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress and the expenditures and borrowing costs are incurred. Borrowing costs are capitalised until the assets are substantially completed for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.18 Employee benefits

## (a) Defined contribution plans

The  Group  participates  in  the  national  pension  schemes  as  defined  by  the  laws  of  the  countries  in which it has operations. In particular, the Group make contributions to the defined contribution pension schemes, including Central Provident Fund scheme in Singapore, Superannuation in Australia and New Zealand Superannuation in New Zealand. Contributions to defined contribution pension schemes are recognised as an expense in the period in which the related service is performed.

## (b) Employee leave entitlement

Employee  entitlements  to  annual  leave  are  recognised  as  a  liability  when  they  are  accrued  to  the employees. The undiscounted liability  for  leave  expected  to  be  settled  wholly  before  twelve  months after the end of the reporting period is recognised for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## 2.19 Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## (a) As lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities representing the obligations to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying leased assets.

## Right-of-use assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of  right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:

Leasehold land

35 to 99 years

Furniture, fixtures and office equipment

2 to 5 years

Property, equipment and electrical fittings

6 years

Motor vehicles

5 years

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the  exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  depreciation  is  calculated  using  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the asset. The right-of-use assets are also subject to impairment. The accounting policy for impairment is disclosed in Note 2.9.

Right-of-use assets are presented within property, plant and equipment (Note 6).

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.19 Leases (cont'd)

## (a) As lessee (cont'd)

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of the lease, the Group recognises lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After  the  commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## (b) As lessor

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned. The accounting policy for rental income is set out in Note 2.21(b).

## 2.20 Customer loyalty programme

The Group operates two different loyalty programmes: the Chancellor Club (CC), which earns a member one point for each night booked per room; and GC Rewards (GC), which earns a member one point for each dollar spent per stay. The points can then be redeemed for free goods and accommodation, subject to a minimum number of points being obtained.

Consideration received is allocated between the associated revenue and the points issued based on the fair value of the points. Fair value of the points is determined by applying statistical analysis. The fair value of the points issued is deferred and recognised as revenue when the points are redeemed.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.21 Revenue

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## (a) Hotel operations

Room revenue from rental of hotel rooms is recognised when the services are rendered.

Food and beverage income is recognised when the goods are delivered to the customer.

Other hotel operations revenue comprises income from the operation of hotel and facilities therein and is recognised as and when goods and services are provided.

## (b) Rental income from investment properties

Rental income arising from operating leases on investment properties is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. The aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

## (c) Interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## (d) Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised when the Group's right to receive payment is established.

## 2.22 Taxes

## (a) Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period, in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.

Current income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## (b) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.22 Taxes (cont'd)

## (b) Deferred tax (cont'd)

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:

- -Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:

- -Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries  and associates, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period.

Deferred  tax  relating  to  items  recognised  outside  profit  or  loss  is  recognised  outside  profit  or  loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

## (c) Sales tax

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

- -Where the sales tax incurred in a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the balance sheet.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.23 Segment reporting

For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their products and services which are independently managed by the respective segment managers responsible for the performance of the respective segments under their charge. The segment managers report directly to the management of the Company who regularly review the segment results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the segment performance. Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 31, including the factors used to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

## 2.24 Share capital and share issuance expenses

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

## 2.25 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) It is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii) The amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised on the balance sheet of the Group, except for contingent liabilities  assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and which the fair values can be reliably determined.

## 2.26 Government grants

Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all  attaching conditions will be complied with. Government grants shall be recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the entity recognised as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate, and are deducted against the related expenses.

## 2.27 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations

The Group classifies non-current assets and disposal groups as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than continuing use. Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of an asset disposal group, excluding finance costs and income tax expense.

The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable, and the asset or disposal group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn. Management must be committed to the plan to sell the asset and the sale expected to be completed within one year from the date of classification.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.27 Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations (cont'd)

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are not depreciated or amortised once classified as held for sale.

Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately as current items in the balance sheets.

Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations in the statement of profit or loss.

Additional disclosures are provided in Note 7. All other notes to the financial statements include amounts for continuing operations, unless indicated otherwise,

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of the Group's consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the end of each reporting period. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future periods. Management is of the opinion that there is no significant judgement made in applying accounting policies that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial period.

## 3.1 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at  the  end  of the  reporting  period  are  discussed  below.  The  Group  based  its  assumptions  and  estimates  on  parameters available when the financial statement was prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstances arising beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.

## (a) Carrying value of hotel assets

The Group and Company carries its hotel assets at revalued cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses, with an asset re-valuation exercise carried out once every three years to ensure the carrying amount does not differ materially from the fair value of the hotel assets at the end of the reporting period. The latest valuation exercise was carried out for financial year ended 31 December 2022 in view of the changes in market and economic conditions since the date of last external valuation. Management reviews the carrying value of the hotel assets and assesses if there is any indication of impairment in its hotel assets by considering individual hotel asset's operating performance and evaluating if the hotel's performance is in line with the assumptions applied in the most recent hotel valuation cycle. Management assesses, on an annual basis, whether there are triggering events indicating potential impairment. Management then applies its judgement in the assessment of the recoverability of the amounts invested in the hotel assets.

The fair values of hotel assets are determined by external professional valuers using recognised valuation techniques. These techniques comprise the Discounted Cash Flow Method, the Capitalisation Method and the Direct Comparison Method.

The determination of the fair values of the hotel assets require the use of judgement, predominantly focusing on future hotel operating performance, which is, amongst others, dependent on the expected occupancy rates, revenue growth rates and the discount rates and capitalisation rates applied to arrive at the valuation of the hotel assets. These estimates are based on local market conditions existing at the end of each reporting date.

The carrying amount of the Group's hotel properties at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in Note 6 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONT'D)

## 3.1 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

## (b) Valuation of investment properties

The Group carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair values being recognised in profit or loss. The fair values of investment properties are determined by external professional valuers using  recognised  valuation  techniques.  These  techniques  comprise  both  the  Discounted  Cash  Flow Method and the Capitalisation Method.

The determination of the fair values of the investment properties require the use of estimates (amongst others, rental value, occupancy rates, discount rates, capitalisation rates and terminal yield rates). These estimates are based on local market conditions existing at the end of each reporting date.

The carrying amount and key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the investment properties are further explained in Note 7.

## 4. SHARE CAPITAL

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of  shares  No. of  shares  '000  $'000  '000  $'000  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares  At 1 January  739,426  515,009  726,535  502,537  Scrip dividend (Note 25)  -  -  12,891  12,472  At 31 December  739,426  515,009  739,426  515,009   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary shares have no par value.

## 5. RESERVES

## (a) Asset revaluation reserve

The asset revaluation reserve represents increases in the fair value of freehold land, leasehold land and hotel buildings and improvements, net of related deferred tax, and decreases to the extent that such decrease relates to an increase in the same asset previously recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (b) Fair value adjustment reserve

Fair value adjustment reserve represents the cumulative fair value changes, net of tax, of investments in equity instruments designated at FVOCI until they are disposed of or impaired.

## (c) Foreign currency translation reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## (d) Other reserve

Other reserve comprises discount on acquisition of non-controlling interests.

Details of the above reserve accounts are disclosed in the statements of changes in equity.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| At valuation  At cost  Group  Freehold  land  Leasehold  land  Hotel  buildings and  improvements  Construction-  in-progress  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Property,  equipment  and  electrical  fittings  Kitchen  and room  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost or valuation  At 1 January 2021  323,516  321,241  303,051  12,310  97,466  28,488  3,329  1,022  1,090,423  Additions  -  -  904  20,353  2,021  22  69  -  23,369  Disposals  (4,706)  -  (3,062)  -  (6,235)  -  -  -  (14,003)  Reclassification  -  -  5,008  (9,372)  4,364  -  -  -  -  Revaluation (deficit)/surplus  (6,282)  (8,112)  6,736  -  -  -  -  -  (7,658)  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (4,959)  (9,151)  -  -  -  -  -  (14,110)  Exchange differences  (4,486)  70  (7,339)  (416)  (3,150)  (124)  (3)  (6)  (15,454)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  308,042  308,240  296,147  22,875  94,466  28,386  3,395  1,016  1,062,567  Additions  -  -  3,362  27,074  4,456  190  28  -  35,110  Disposals  -  -  (1)  (9)  (1,553)  (13)  -  -  (1,576)  Reclassification  -  -  817  (1,493)  676  -  -  -  -  Revaluation surplus  21,090  30,542  51,026  -  -  -  -  -  102,658  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (4,732)  (8,567)  -  -  -  -  -  (13,299)  Exchange differences  (8,558)  (138)  (16,965)  (1,815)  (6,175)  (326)  (12)  (18)  (34,007)  At 31 December 2022  320,574  333,912  325,819  46,632  91,870  28,237  3,411  998  1,151,453  Accumulated  depreciation and  impairment losses  1 January 2021  -  -  -  -  72,515  14,754  3,249  819  91,337  Charge for the year  -  4,934  9,239  -  4,997  1,810  55  68  21,103  Disposals  -  -  (24)  -  (5,027)  -  -  -  (5,051)  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (4,959)  (9,151)  -  -  -  -  -  (14,110)  Exchange differences  -  25  (64)  -  (2,523)  (66)  (3)  (4)  (2,635)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  -  -  -  -  69,962  16,498  3,301  883  90,644  Charge for the year  -  4,786  9,072  -  4,761  1,847  42  44  20,552  Disposals  -  -  -  -  (1,505)  (12)  -  -  (1,517)  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (4,732)  (8,567)  -  -  -  -  -  (13,299)  Exchange differences  -  (54)  (505)  -  (4,773)  (223)  (12)  (15)  (5,582)  At 31 December 2022  -  -  -  -  68,445  18,110  3,331  912  90,798  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  308,042  308,240  296,147  22,875  24,504  11,888  94  133  971,923  At 31 December 2022  320,574  333,912  325,819  46,632  23,425  10,127  80  86  1,060,655   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

| At valuation  At cost  Company  Freehold  land  Hotel  buildings and  improvements  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Property,  equipment  and  electrical  fittings  Kitchen  and room  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost or valuation  At 1 January 2021  199,000  40,980  3,662  11,797  1,057  789  257,285  Additions  -  -  2  -  22  -  24  Revaluation (deficit)/surplus  (7,000)  2,032  -  -  -  -  (4,968)  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (920)  -  -  -  -  (920)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  192,000  42,092  3,664  11,797  1,079  789  251,421  Additions  -  4  2  -  2  -  8  Revaluation surplus  12,000  6,850  -  -  -  -  18,850  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (1,000)  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  At 31 December 2022  204,000  47,946  3,666  11,797  1,081  789  269,279  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021  -  -  1,878  3,845  1,041  639  7,403  Charge for the year  -  920  346  715  26  57  2,064  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (920)  -  -  -  -  (920)  At 31 December 2021 and  1 January 2022  -  -  2,224  4,560  1,067  696  8,547  Charge for the year  -  1,000  338  742  7  34  2,121  Elimination of accumulated  depreciation on revaluation  -  (1,000)  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  At 31 December 2022  -  -  2,562  5,302  1,074  730  9,668  Net carrying amount  At 31 December 2021  192,000  42,092  1,440  7,237  12  93  242,874  At 31 December 2022  204,000  47,946  1,104  6,495  7  59  259,611   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

## Revaluation of land and buildings

Land  and  buildings  were  revalued  at  31  December  2022  based  on  valuations  performed  by  accredited independent valuers.

The specific risks in each of the hotel properties are taken into consideration in arriving at the property valuation. The valuation methods used in determining the fair value involve certain estimates including those relating to capitalisation rate, discount rate and terminal yield. In relying on the valuation reports, management has exercised its judgement and is satisfied that the valuation methods and estimates used are reflective of the market conditions. Details of valuation techniques and inputs used are disclosed in Note 28(c).

In  2022, external professional valuers were engaged to update the fair value of the Group's hotel assets in view of the changes in the market and economic conditions since the date of the last external valuation. The Group  recognised  a  net  valuation  surplus  of  $102,658,000  (2021:  net  valuation  decrement  of  $7,658,000) on the Group's hotel assets based on valuations performed by external professional valuers. There was an impairment on hotel assets of $1,633,000 recognised in profit or loss in relation to the valuation decrement of Hotel Grand Chancellor, Townsville.

If the freehold land, leasehold land and hotel buildings and improvements were measured using the cost model, the carrying amounts would be as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Freehold land at 31 December:  Cost and net carrying amount  44,322  47,641  2,749  2,749  Leasehold land at 31 December:  Cost  121,431  121,569  -  -  Accumulated depreciation  (19,225)  (17,369)  -  -  Net carrying amount  102,206  104,200  -  -  Hotel buildings and improvements at  31 December:  Cost  295,932  308,654  33,030  33,030  Accumulated depreciation  (88,641)  (88,360)  (4,860)  (4,199)  Net carrying amount  207,291  220,294  28,170  28,831   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash flows during the year

During  the  financial  year,  the  cash  outflow  on  acquisition  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  amounted  to $35,085,000 (2021: $23,366,000).

## Assets acquired under leasing arrangements

Right-of-use assets acquired under leasing arrangements are presented together with the owned assets of the same class. Details of such leased assets are disclosed in Note 16(a).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES/ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Investment properties  At 1 January  156,356  263,549  Additions  6,170  1,690  Lease incentive  (81)  (121)  Net loss from fair value adjustments recognised in profit or loss  (10,330)  (1,535)  Exchange differences  (12,141)  (9,171)  Completed investment properties  139,974  254,412  Less: Classified from/(to) assets held for sale  17,336  (98,056)  At 31 December  157,310  156,356  Assets held for sale  At 1 January  98,056  -  Classified (to)/from investment properties  (17,336)  98,056  Disposals  (79,224)  -  Exchange differences  (1,496)  -  At 31 December  -  98,056   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has no restrictions on the realisability of its investment properties and no contractual obligations to purchase, construct or develop investment property or for repairs, maintenance or enhancements.

Investment properties comprise commercial properties that are leased to third parties on operating leases.

Investment properties are stated at fair value which has been determined based on valuations performed at the end of the reporting periods. The valuations were performed by accredited independent valuers with recognised and relevant professional qualification and with recent experience in the location and category of properties being valued. The valuations are determined based on the capitalisation method and discounted cash flow method. Details of the valuation techniques and inputs used are disclosed in Note 28(c).

In relying on the valuation reports, management has exercised its judgement and is satisfied that the valuation methods and estimates are reflective of current market conditions.

The valuations were carried out by the following independent valuers:

| Country  2022 Valuers  2021 Valuers  New Zealand  CBRE Limited and  Savills (NZ) Limited  CBRE Limited   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The property rental income earned by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 from its investment properties, all of which are leased out under operating leases, amounted to $13,145,000 (2021: $17,434,000). Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance) arising on the rental-earning investment properties amounted to $4,345,000 (2021: $4,207,000).

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES/ASSETS HELD FOR SALE (CONT'D)

In the previous financial year, the Group classified two of its investment properties amounting to $98,056,000, which are Fonterra House, New Zealand and 300 Flinders Street, Melbourne Australia under assets held for sale and recorded at fair value less cost to sell. During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has sold its asset held for sale located at 300 Flinders Street, Australia for a consideration of $79,224,000 (Australian Dollar ('AUD') 80,800,000). Fonterra House, New Zealand was contracted for sale on 23 December 2021 but the sale was not completed as at year ended 31 December 2021 and subsequently the contract was lapsed as the vendor was unable to secure finance by the due date. The asset held for sale amounting to  $17,336,000 (New Zealand Dollar ('NZD') 20,400,000) was reclassified to investment property during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

In the previous financial year, an investment property amounting to $99,787,000 had been mortgaged to bank as securities for bank facilities. The loan was fully repaid on 14 June 2022 with its mortgage discharged during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## 8. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Shares, at cost  348,656  348,656  Addition  11,630  -  Impairment loss  (3,920)  (3,920)  356,366  344,736   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Company subscribed additional 13,000,000 ordinary shares (2021: Nil) at NZD1.00 each in Grand Central (NZ) Limited, equivalent to $11,630,000 (NZD13,000,000) (2021: Nil).

## (a) Subsidiary companies

| Name of subsidiary  Principal  activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity  held by the  Group  Cost of investment  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $'000  $'000  Held by the Company  (1)  Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard  Pte Ltd  Hotel  operations  Singapore  100  100  55,000  55,000  (1)  Grand Central International  Management (S) Pte Ltd  Dormant  Singapore  100  100  - *  - *  (1)  Grand Central Management  (S) Pte Ltd  Provision of  marketing  and support  services  Singapore  100  100  - *  - *  (3)  Grand Central Enterprises  (Penang) Sdn Bhd  Hotel  operations  Malaysia  100  100  18,246  18,246   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

## (a) Subsidiary companies (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiary  Principal  activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity  held by the  Group  Cost of investment  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $'000  $'000  Held by the Company (cont'd)  (5)  Grand Central Properties (M)  Sdn Bhd  Under  liquidation  Malaysia  100  100  1,085  1,085  (2)  Grand Central (Australia)  Pty Ltd  Hotel  operations  Australia  100  100  180,846  180,846  (2)  Grand Central (NZ) Ltd  Commercial  property  investment  New Zealand  100  100  88,257  76,627  (4)  Hotel Grand Central (Sihui)  Co. Ltd  Hotel  operations  People's  Republic of  China  100  100  12,932  12,932  356,366  344,736   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of subsidiary  Principal activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity  held by the  Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held through subsidiaries  (3)  Shianke Lee La Sdn Bhd  Hotel operations  Malaysia  100  100  (2)  Grand Central Management (NZ) Ltd  Provision of  management  services  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Christchurch) Ltd  Property Investment  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Auckland) Ltd  Hotel operations  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  James Cook Hotel Ltd  Hotel operations  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  James Cook Properties Ltd  Property investment  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  Grand Hotels International Ltd  Dormant  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Auckland City) Ltd  Hotel operations  New Zealand  100  100  (2)  Gainspan Pty Ltd  Investment holding  Australia  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 8. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

## (a) Subsidiary companies (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiary  Principal activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity  held by the  Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held through subsidiaries (cont'd)  (2)  Grand Central Management (Australia) Pty Ltd  Dormant  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Brisbane) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Hobart) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Melbourne) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Chancellor Inn (Tasmania) Pty Ltd  Dormant  Australia  100  100  (2)  The Chancellor (Adelaide) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Townsville) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Launceston)  Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Adelaide) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Surfers Paradise)  Pty Ltd  Dormant  Australia  100  100  (2)  Grand Central (Flinders St) Pty Ltd  Commercial property  investment  Australia  100  100  (2)  Hotel Grand Chancellor (Palm Cove) Pty Ltd  Hotel operations  Australia  100  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than $1,000.

(1) Audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP , Singapore.

(2) Audited by member firms of EY Global in the respective countries.

(3) Audited by Baker Tilly Monteiro Heng PLT, Penang.

(4) Audited by Guangdong Zhaoqing Zhongpeng Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd.

(5) The company commenced voluntary liquidation procedures on 12 February 2010.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

The Group's investments in associates comprised:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Grand Central Enterprises Bhd  4,163  4,809  5,058  5,058  Grand Central Development Sdn Bhd  1,288  1,350  2,830  2,830  5,451  6,159  7,888  7,888  Fair value of investment in an associate for which  there is a published price quotation  5,058  5,084   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the associates of the Group are set out below:

| Name of associate  Principal  activities  Country of  incorporation  Effective equity  held by the  Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held by the Company  (1)  Grand Central Enterprises Bhd  Hotel operations  Malaysia  23.8  23.8  (2)  Grand Central Development Sdn Bhd  Property  development  Malaysia  28.6  28.6   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by a member firm of Grant Thornton Malaysia PLT, Kuala Lumpur.

(2) Audited by W. K. Lee &amp; Company, Kuala Lumpur.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONT'D)

The  summarised  financial  information  of  the  associates,  based  on  their  IFRS  financial  statements  and  a reconciliation with the carrying amounts of the investments in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

## Summarised balance sheet

| Grand Central  Enterprises Bhd  Grand Central  Development Sdn Bhd  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets and liabilities:  Current assets  16,572  17,190  8,857  9,345  Non-current assets  48,507  53,164  3  4  Total assets  65,079  70,354  8,860  9,349  Current liabilities  1,110  921  159  173  Non-current liabilities  3,100  3,699  -  -  Total liabilities  4,210  4,620  159  173  Net assets  60,869  65,734  8,701  9,176  Attributable to:  - Non-controlling interests  419  472  4,198  4,457  - Associate's shareholders  60,450  65,262  4,503  4,719  Proportion of the Group's ownership  23.8%  23.8%  28.6%  28.6%  Group's share of net assets  14,387  15,532  1,288  1,350  Adjustments:  - Impairment loss  (10,224)  (10,723)  -  -  4,163  4,809  1,288  1,350  ## Summarised statement of comprehensive income  Revenue  5,414  5,836  -  -  (Loss)/profit net of tax, representing total  comprehensive income for the year  attributable to shareholders  (799)  (760)  75  98   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing of investment in an associated company

During the financial year, management performed an updated impairment assessment for the investment in Grand  Central  Enterprises  Bhd  ('GCE  Bhd').  Based  on  the  impairment  assessment  for  this  investment,  a reversal of impairment of $499,000 (2021: impairment loss of $516,000) had been recognised in the 'reversal of/(impairment  loss)  on  investment  in  an  associated  company'  line  item  of  the  profit  or  loss  to  reflect  the investment in this associated company at its recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount was determined as the higher of value in use or fair value less costs to sell of the investment. The value in use was calculated using cash flow projections from financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. A pre-tax discount rate of 8.71% (2021: 6.49%), a growth rate of 1.3% (2021: 0.7%) during the five-year period and a terminal growth rate of 0% (2021: 0%) was applied to the cash flow projections. The fair value less costs to sell was calculated using the open market trading price of GCE Bhd's shares on the Bursa Malaysia, less anticipated selling costs.

## 10. DEFERRED TAX

Deferred income tax at 31 December relates to the following:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Deferred tax liabilities  Differences in depreciation for tax purposes  (19,538)  (17,288)  (487)  (604)  Revaluations to fair value:  - Land, hotel buildings and improvements  (121,045)  (117,268)  (3,881)  (2,919)  Unremitted income  (6,683)  (5,253)  (6,683)  (5,253)  Other items  75  257  -  -  (147,191)  (139,552)  (11,051)  (8,776)  Less: Deferred tax assets  Provisions and other liabilities  1,273  1,102  -  -  Unabsorbed capital allowances  237  229  -  -  Unutilised tax losses  463  1,023  -  157  1,973  2,354  -  157  Net deferred tax liabilities  (145,218)  (137,198)  (11,051)  (8,619)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unutilised tax losses and unabsorbed capital allowances

The use of these tax losses and capital allowances is subject  to  the  agreement  of  the  tax  authorities  and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which the companies operate.

## Tax consequences of undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries

At the end of the reporting period, no deferred tax liability has been recognised for withholding tax that would be payable on certain undistributed earnings of the overseas subsidiaries as the Group has determined that undistributed earnings of these overseas subsidiaries will not be distributed in the foreseeable future. Such temporary differences for which no deferred tax has been recognised aggregate to approximately $85,677,000 (2021: $91,310,000) and the deferred tax liability is estimated at approximately $4,284,000 (2021: $4,565,000).

## Tax consequences of proposed dividends

There are no income tax consequences (2021: $Nil) attached to the dividends to the shareholders proposed by the Company but not recognised as a liability in the financial statements (Note 25).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. INVESTMENT SECURITIES

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  FVOCI  Equity shares (quoted), at fair value  20,657  19,889  Investments in equity instruments designated at FVOCI  Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At FVOCI  Equity shares (quoted), at fair value  - OCBC  18,920  17,709  - SingTel  450  406  - Singapore Press Holdings Limited  -  513  - Paragon REIT  200  -  - Others  1,087  1,261  20,657  19,889   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has elected to measure these equity securities at FVOCI due to the Group's intention to hold these equity instruments for long-term appreciation.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group disposed certain equity shares at FVOCI with fair value of $517,000 (2021: $ Nil) due to mandatory share buy back. The cumulative gain arising from disposal of these equity shares of $224,000 (2021: $ Nil) were transferred from fair value adjustment reserve to retained earnings (Note 5(b)).

The Group recognised dividends from the equity instruments of $951,000 (2021: $700,000) during the financial year.

## 12. INVENTORIES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Balance sheet:  Food and beverage  736  667  3  6  Sundry stores and consumables  153  136  9  9  889  803  12  15  Income statement:  Inventories recognised as an expense in stock  consumables (Note 21(a))  7,408  8,531   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 13. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade and other receivables:  Trade receivables  4,107  9,629  147  112  Amount due from subsidiaries  -  -  555  483  Deposits  198  209  42  47  Other receivables  1,799  1,159  605  206  Total trade and other receivables  6,104  10,997  1,349  848  Add: Cash and short-term deposits (Note 14)  297,524  230,874  99,584  112,940  Total financial assets carried at amortised costs  303,628  241,871  100,933  113,788   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade receivables

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 to 90 days' terms. They are recognised at their original invoiced amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

Trade receivables are denominated in the respective functional currencies of the entities in the Group.

## Related party balances

Amount due from subsidiaries are non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest bearing, repayable upon demand and are to be settled in cash.

## Expected credit losses

Information on the Group and Company's allowance for expected credit loss is disclosed in Note 29.

## 14. CASH AND SHORT-TERM DEPOSITS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cash at bank and on hand  35,642  51,659  6,008  3,944  Short-term deposits  261,882  179,215  93,576  108,996  Cash and cash equivalents per balance sheets  297,524  230,874  99,584  112,940  Restricted cash - fixed deposits pledged  (51,474)  (55,912)  (51,413)  (55,847)  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the  financial year  246,050  174,962  48,171  57,093   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year, the Group's restricted cash which comprises fixed deposit balances of $51,474,000 (2021: $55,912,000) were pledged to banks for bank loan and credit facility granted to subsidiaries. During the financial year, the Company's restricted cash which comprises fixed deposit balance of $51,413,000 (2021: $55,847,000) was pledged to a bank for bank loan granted to a fellow subsidiary.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. CASH AND SHORT-TERM DEPOSITS (CONT'D)

## Cash at bank

Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates ranging from 0.10% to 3.10% (2021: 0.05% to 0.10%) per annum.

## Short-term deposits

Short-term deposits of the Group and Company are placed with financial institutions, have an average maturity of up to 180 days (2021: 90 days) and effective interest rates ranging from 0.01% to 4.02% (2021: 0.01% to 2.75%) per annum.

Cash and short-term deposits denominated in foreign currencies are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  AUD  212,240  160,204  76,828  93,885  NZD  13,402  11,851  890  957  Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)  21,560  22,700  5,602  5,830  Renminbi (RMB)  10,002  10,535  7,756  8,324  257,204  205,290  91,076  108,996   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade and other payables:  Trade payables  8,874  4,490  567  30  Other payables  5,637  6,083  92  87  Rental deposits received  1,141  1,243  7  7  Amounts due to associates  27  25  27  25  Amounts due to subsidiaries  -  -  4,220  3,983  Goods and Services Tax ('GST') payables  782  362  221  139  Total trade and other payables  16,461  12,203  5,134  4,271  Less:  GST payables  (782)  (362)  (221)  (139)  Total trade and other payables  (exclude GST payables)  15,679  11,841  4,913  4,132  Add:  Accrued operating expenses  2,920  2,336  1,100  972  Lease liabilities (Note 16)  9,352  4,683  32  51  Loans and borrowings (Note 17)  21,670  14,770  -  -  Total financial liabilities carried  at amortised cost  49,621  33,630  6,045  5,155   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 15. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONT'D)

## Trade payables/other payables

Trade  payables/other  payables  are  non-interest  bearing  and  are  denominated  in  the  respective  functional currencies of the entities in the Group.

Trade payables are normally settled on 60-days' terms. Other payables have an average term of 90 days.

## Amounts due to associates

These amounts are trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash. Amounts due to associates are denominated in MYR.

## Amounts due to subsidiaries

These amounts are non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free, repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash. An amount of $1,157,000 (2021: $1,228,000) is denominated in MYR.

## 16. LEASES

## As lessee

The Group has lease contracts for land, property, equipment and motor vehicle. The Group's obligations under these  leases  are  secured  by  the  lessor's  title  to  the  leased  assets.  The  Group  is  restricted  from  assigning and subleasing the leased assets. There are lease contracts that include extension options which are further discussed below.

The Group also has certain leases of equipment with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of equipment with low value. The Group applies the 'short-term lease' and 'lease of low-value assets' recognition exemptions for these leases.

## (a) Carrying amounts of right-of-use assets classified within property, plant and equipment

| Group  Leasehold  land  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Property,  equipment and  electrical fittings  Motor  vehicles  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January 2021  321,241  205  44  95  321,585  Additions  -  3  -  -  3  Depreciation  (4,933)  (95)  (10)  (57)  (5,095)  Disposal  -  (6)  -  -  (6)  Revaluation deficit  (8,112)  -  -  -  (8,112)  Exchange differences  44  (3)  (1)  -  40  At 31 December 2021  and 1 January 2022  308,240  104  33  38  308,415  Additions  -  25  -  -  25  Depreciation  (4,786)  (66)  (9)  (19)  (4,880)  Revaluation surplus  30,542  -  -  -  30,542  Exchange differences  (84)  (4)  (2)  -  (90)  At 31 December 2022  333,912  59  22  19  334,012   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. LEASES (CONT'D)

## As lessee (cont'd)

## (a) Carrying amounts of right-of-use assets classified within property, plant and equipment (cont'd)

| Company  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 January 2021  28  95  123  Depreciation  (8)  (57)  (65)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  20  38  58  Depreciation  (8)  (19)  (27)  At 31 December 2022  12  19  31   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Carrying amounts of right-of-use assets classified within investment properties

| Group  Total  $'000  At 1 January 2021  4,687  Exchange difference  (158)  At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022  4,529  Additions  5,126  Exchange difference  (360)  At 31 December 2022  9,295   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Lease liabilities

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current  66  118  18  39  Non-current  9,286  4,565  14  12  9,352  4,683  32  51   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements of lease liabilities during the year are disclosed in Note 17 and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 29.

## 16. LEASES (CONT'D)

## As lessee (cont'd)

## (d) Amounts recognised in consolidated statement of comprehensive income

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  4,880  5,095  Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 22)  271  179  Lease expense not capitalised in lease liabilities:  Expenses relating to short-term leases (included in operating costs  and expenses)  -  264  Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (included in operating  costs and expenses)  45  32  Total amount recognised in consolidated statement of  comprehensive income  5,196  5,570   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e) Total cash outflow

The Group had total cash outflows for leases of $378,000 (2021: $302,000). The Group also had noncash additions and disposals to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of $5,151,000 (2021: $3,000) and $Nil (2021: $6,000) respectively during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## (f) Extension options

The Group's investment property JacksonStone House located at Wellington, New Zealand is situated on  leased  land  parcels  with  a  perpetual  renewal  option.  The  corresponding  leases  are  renewable  at 21 year intervals and has no escalation clauses. In recognising right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, the Group assumes that the leases will be renewed in perpetuity.

## As lessor

The  Group  has  entered  into  commercial  property  leases  and  property  leases  on  its  investment  properties (Note  7)  and  hotel  portfolio.  These  non-cancellable  leases  have  remaining  non-cancellable  lease  terms  of between one year and ten years (2021: one year and ten years) with renewal options for some contracts but no escalation clauses included in the contracts. There are no restrictions placed upon the Group by entering into these leases.

Rental income from investment properties is disclosed in Note 18.

Future minimum lease receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Less than one year  11,543  14,914  One to two years  8,783  10,970  Two to three years  6,041  7,674  Three to four years  5,647  7,269  Four to five years  5,398  7,115  More than five years  13,903  18,804  51,315  66,746   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. LOANS AND BORROWINGS

| Group  Maturity  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current:  Bank term loans - short term portion (Note 17(a)(i))  Within 1 year  -  12,000  Short term bank loan (Note 17(a)(ii))  Within 1 year  21,670  2,770  21,670  14,770   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Bank term loans and short term bank loans

Details of the bank term loans and short term bank loans are as follows:

## Subsidiaries

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  (i)  NZD loan 1 to subsidiary in New Zealand - Bank term loan  Current  -  12,000  -  12,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NZD loan that was granted to a subsidiary in New Zealand is secured by way of a legal mortgage over the land and building at 161 Cashel Street, Christchurch. The loan bore interest at 1.80% per annum above the bank bill rates and was refinanced on 11 November 2019. The effective  interest  rate  ranged  between  2.90%  to  3.65%  (2021:  2.30%  to  2.90%)  per  annum. Interest is repriced every 30, 60, 90, 120, 150 or 180 days. The loan is repayable in seven semiannual installments of NZ$1,500,000 each. The loan repayment commenced on 22 December 2019 with a final payment of NZ$13,000,000 on 14 June 2022. The loan has been fully repaid and the mortgage has been fully discharged during the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## (ii) NZD loan 2 to subsidiary in New Zealand - Short term bank loan

| Current  21,670  2,770  21,670  2,770   |
|-----------------------------------------|

The NZD short term revolving bank loan facility that was granted to a subsidiary in New Zealand was secured by a charge over certain fixed deposits of the Company (Note 14). The loan bears interest at 0.9% per annum above the bank's cost of funds. The effective interest rate ranged between 1.68% to 5.32% (2021: 1.68%) per annum. Interest is repriced at an interval of between one to three months.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 17. LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONT'D)

## (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:

| Non-cash items  2021  Cash flows  Accretion of  interests  Additions  Foreign  exchange  movement  2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Lease liabilities  4,683  (378)  271  5,151  (375)  9,352  Bank term loans  - Current  14,770  8,075  -  -  (1,175)  21,670  19,453  7,697  271  5,151  (1,550)  31,022   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Non-cash items  2020  Cash flows  Accretion of  interests  Additions  Disposals  Foreign  exchange  movement  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Lease liabilities  4,978  (302)  179  3  (6)  (169)  4,683  Bank term loans  - Current  27,704  (12,000)  -  -  -  (934)  14,770  32,682  (12,302)  179  3  (6)  (1,103)  19,453   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 18. REVENUE FROM HOTEL OPERATIONS AND RENTAL INCOME FROM INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue from contracts with customers:  - Hotel operations  130,365  105,629  Rental income from investment properties  13,145  17,434  143,510  123,063  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers  Segments  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Primary geographical markets  Singapore  30,358  22,543  Malaysia  218  56  Australia  83,852  69,777  New Zealand  15,125  12,202  China  812  1,051  130,365  105,629  Major product or service lines  Room revenue  98,498  70,023  Food and beverage income  25,596  27,008  Others  6,271  8,598  130,365  105,629  Timing of transfer of goods or services  Over time  104,769  78,621  At a point in time  25,596  27,008  130,365  105,629   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES

## (a) Other income

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Dividend income from investment securities at FVOCI  951  700  Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  1,763  Others  75  653  1,026  3,116   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Reversal of/(impairment loss) on investment in an associated company

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Reversal of/(impairment loss) on investment in an associate (Note 9)  499  (516)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. STAFF COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Wages, salaries and bonuses  36,654  32,672  CPF and pension contributions  3,256  2,722  Other benefits  4,458  3,711  Government grant income  (92)  (3,610)  44,276  35,495   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other  benefits  include  long  service  leave,  payroll  tax,  work  cover,  employee  meals,  fringe  benefit  tax  and annual leave.

Government grant income relates to temporary wage subsidy schemes introduced by the Governments to help enterprises retain employees in the respective countries the Group operates in, including the Jobs Support Scheme in Singapore, JobKeeper Scheme in Australia and Wage subsidy scheme in New Zealand. Government grant  income  from  the  temporary  wage  subsidy  schemes  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022 amounted to $92,000 (2021: $3,610,000).

Staff costs include directors' and executive officers' remuneration (Note 27(b)).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 21. OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES

## (a) Hotel marketing and operating costs

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Laundry expenses  4,938  2,420  Marketing expenses and commissions  8,620  4,132  Repair and maintenance expenses  7,620  7,730  Room daily supplies  1,135  1,786  Stock consumables (Note 12)  7,408  8,531  Utilities expenses  5,818  5,200  35,539  29,799   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Other operating expenses

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Audit fees payable to:  - Auditors of the Company  221  210  - Other auditors  389  408  Non-audit fees payable to:  - Auditors of the Company  70  146  - Other auditors  -  23  Corporate fee  405  426  Directors' fees payable to Directors of the Company  351  351  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  42  -  Insurance expenses  3,716  3,475  Impairment of goodwill  -  82  Printing, postage and stationery  281  244  Professional fees  844  780  Property and land taxes  4,802  4,891  Rental expense  624  296  Telecommunication  190  211  Travelling  170  69  Administrative and general expenses  3,616  3,080  15,721  14,692  Total operating costs and expenses  51,260  44,491   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 22. FINANCE COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Interest expense on:  - Bank loans  133  400  - Lease liabilities (Note16 (d))  271  179  404  579   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

## Major components of income tax expense

The major components of income tax expense for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Consolidated income statement:  Current income tax  - Current income taxation  19,466  7,721  - Over provision in respect of previous years  (276)  (1,602)  19,190  6,119  Deferred income tax  - Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (8,367)  (197)  - Under/(over) provision in respect of previous years  1,331  (71)  (7,036)  (268)  Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss  12,154  5,851  Statement of comprehensive income:  Deferred income tax related to other comprehensive income:  Reversal of deferred tax liability on net deficit on revaluation of hotel land  and buildings  -  (1,754)  Deferred tax liability on net surplus on revaluation of hotel land and buildings  20,042  -  20,042  (1,754)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 23. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONT'D)

## Relationship between tax expense and accounting profit

The reconciliation between the tax expense and the product of accounting profit multiplied by the applicable corporate tax rate for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit before tax  12,999  19,803  Tax at the domestic rates applicable to profits in the countries where the  Group operates  3,549  5,557  Adjustments:  Non-deductible expenses  6,248  3,859  Income not subject to taxation  (202)  (1,351)  Effect of partial tax exemption  (52)  (34)  Release of deferred tax liability on disposal of investment property  -  132  Under/(over) provision in respect of previous years  - Current income tax  (276)  (1,602)  - Deferred tax  1,331  (71)  Share of results of associates  38  26  Others  1,518  (665)  Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss  12,154  5,851   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above reconciliation is prepared by aggregating the separate tax reconciliation for each national jurisdiction.

Non-deductible expenses mainly comprised tax effects on fair value loss of investment properties, revaluation deficit of hotel assets, foreign currency loss and depreciation of non-qualifying assets.

## Unrecognised tax losses

The Group has deferred tax assets that have not been recognised due to uncertainty of their recoverability. The use of these balances is subject to the assessment of the relevant tax authorities and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which the companies in the Group operates, as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unutilised tax losses  171  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. EARNINGS PER SHARE

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing profit net of tax, attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

As there were no share options and warrants granted, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same.

The following table reflects the profit and share data used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the financial years ended 31 December:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit net of tax attributable to owners of the Company  845  13,952  No. of  shares  No. of  shares  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic and  diluted earnings per share computation  739,426  731,907   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. DIVIDENDS

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Declared and paid during the financial year  Dividends on ordinary shares:  Final exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2021: Ordinary: 1.0 cents  (2020: 2.0 cents) per share  7,394  14,532   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The final dividend was paid on 29 July 2022 (2021: 30 July 2021). $7,394,000 of dividend declared was settled by cash (2021: $2,060,000 was settled by cash and the remaining $12,472,000 was settled by scrips (Note 4)).

## Proposed but not recognised as a liability as at 31 December

| Group and Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Dividends on ordinary shares, subject to shareholders' approval  at the AGM:  Final exempt (one-tier) dividend for 2022 - Ordinary: 2.0 cents  (2021: 1.0 cents) per share  14,532  7,394   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. COMMITMENTS

## (a) Capital commitments

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had outstanding commitments of $50,714,000 (2021: $72,542,000) in respect of the construction and renovation of hotels in New Zealand.

## (b) Other commitments

The Company has agreed to provide continuing financial support to certain subsidiary companies to enable them to operate as going concerns at least through twelve months from the date of financial statements of the subsidiaries.

## 27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In  addition  to  the  related  party  information  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  financial  statements,  the  following significant transactions between the Group and related parties took place on terms agreed between the parties during the financial year:

## (a) Sale and purchase of goods and services

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Administrative and management fee charged to a related party  52  51  Rental charged from a related party  64  69   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Directors of the Company  Short-term employee benefits  574  552  Contribution to CPF and other defined contribution pension schemes  21  11  Directors' fees  351  351  946  914  Other key management personnel  Short-term employee benefits  2,163  2,225  Contribution to CPF and other defined contribution pension schemes  173  172  2,336  2,397   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

## (a) Fair value hierarchy

The Group categories fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs used as follows:

- Level 1 -   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 -   Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 -   Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value

The following table shows an analysis of each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period:

| Group  Fair value measurements at the end of the  period using  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  instruments  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  2022  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets measured at fair value  Financial assets:  Equity instruments at FVOCI  - Investment securities  20,657  -  -  20,657  Non-financial assets:  Investment properties  -  -  157,310  157,310  Hotel assets  - Freehold land  -  -  320,574  320,574  - Leasehold land  -  -  333,912  333,912  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  -  -  325,819  325,819  20,657  -  1,137,615  1,158,272   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (cont'd)

| Group  Fair value measurements at the end of the  period using  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  instruments  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  2021  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets measured at fair value  Financial assets:  Equity instruments at FVOCI  - Investment securities  19,889  -  -  19,889  Non-financial assets:  Investment properties  -  -  156,356  156,356  Hotel assets  - Freehold land  -  -  308,042  308,042  - Leasehold land  -  -  308,240  308,240  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  -  -  296,147  296,147  19,889  -  1,068,785  1,088,674   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Company  Fair value measurements at the end of the  period using  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  instruments  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  2022  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets measured at fair value  Financial assets:  Equity instruments at FVOCI  - Investment securities  20,657  -  -  20,657  Non-financial assets:  Hotel assets  - Freehold land  -  -  204,000  204,000  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  -  -  47,946  47,946  20,657  -  251,946  272,603   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (b) Assets and liabilities measured at fair value (cont'd)

| Company  Fair value measurements at the end of the  period using  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical  instruments  Significant  observable  inputs other  than quoted  prices  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  2021  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets measured at fair value  Financial assets:  Equity instruments at FVOCI  - Investment securities  19,889  -  -  19,889  Non-financial assets:  Hotel assets  - Freehold land  -  -  192,000  192,000  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  -  -  42,092  42,092  19,889  -  234,092  253,981   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Level 3 fair value measurements

## (i) Investment properties

The  following  table  shows  the  information  about  fair  value  measurements  using  significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):

## Group

| Description  Fair value  at 31 December  2022  Valuation  techniques  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship  between key  unobservable  inputs and  fair value  measurement  $'000  Recurring  fair value  measurements  Non-financial  assets:  -   Investment  properties  157,310  Capitalisation  method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.50% to 9.75%  per annum  The estimated  fair value varies  inversely against  the capitalisation  rate  Discounted cash  flow method  Discount rate  - 6.25% to 9.00%  per annum  The estimated  fair value varies  inversely against  the discount rate  and terminal yield  rate  Terminal yield rate  - 5.75% to 10.00%  per annum   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

- (c) Level 3 fair value measurements (cont'd)
- (i) Investment properties (cont'd)

## Group

| Description  Fair value  at 31 December  2021  Valuation  techniques  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship  between key  unobservable  inputs and  fair value  measurement  $'000  Recurring  fair value  measurements  Non-financial  assets:  -   Investment  properties  156,356  Capitalisation  method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.25% to 7.25%  per annum  The estimated  fair value varies  inversely against the  capitalisation rate  Discounted cash  flow method  Discount rate  - 6.00% to 8.00%  per annum  The estimated  fair value varies  inversely against the  discount rate and  terminal yield rate  Terminal yield rate  - 5.50% to 7.50%  per annum   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Key unobservable inputs correspond to:

- Capitalisation rate corresponds to a rate of return on a property based on the income that the property is expected to generate.
- Discount rate represents the required rate of return, adjusted for a risk premium that reflects the risks relevant to an asset.
- Terminal yield rate reflects an exit capitalisation rate applied to a projected terminal cash flow.

## Reconciliation of fair value for financial reporting purposes

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Market value as estimated by external valuer  148,015  151,827  Add: Lease liabilities recognised separately  9,295  4,529  Fair value for financial reporting purposes  157,310  156,356   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movements in Level 3 assets measured at fair value

The movements of non-financial assets and measured at fair value classified under Level 3, have been disclosed in Note 6 and Note 7.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Level 3 fair value measurements (cont'd)

## (i) Investment properties (cont'd)

## Valuation policies and procedures

The Group engages external independent and qualified valuers to determine the fair value of the Group's investment properties at the end of every financial year.

Management is responsible for selecting and engaging valuation experts that possess the relevant credentials  and  knowledge  of  valuation  of  commercial  investment  properties.  For  valuation performed  by  external  valuers,  management  reviews  the  appropriateness  of  the  valuation methodologies and assumptions adopted.

Significant changes in fair value measurements from period to period are evaluated by management for reasonableness. Key drivers of the changes are identified and assessed for reasonableness against relevant information from independent external sources. Significant valuation issues are reported to the Audit Committee.

## (ii) Hotel assets

The  following  table  shows  the  information  on  revaluation  measurements  performed  by  using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):

| Group  Fair value  2022  Valuation techniques  Significant  unobservable inputs  Description  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurements  Non-financial assets:  - Freehold land  320,574  Capitalisation method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.50% to 7.50%  per annum  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% to 9.50%  per annum  - Leasehold land  333,912  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum  Direct comparison  method  Selling price per  square metre  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  325,819  Capitalisation method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.50% to 7.50%  per annum  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% to 9.50%  per annum  Direct comparison  method  Selling price per  square metre   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

- (c) Level 3 fair value measurements (cont'd)
- (ii) Hotel assets (cont'd)

Group

| Fair value  2021  Valuation techniques  Significant  unobservable inputs  Description  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurements  Non-financial assets:  - Freehold land  308,042  Capitalisation method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.25% to 7.00%  per annum  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% to 9.00%  per annum  - Leasehold land  308,240  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum  Direct comparison  method  Selling price per  square metre  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  296,147  Capitalisation method  Capitalisation rate  - 5.25% to 7.00%  per annum  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% to 9.00%  per annum  Direct comparison  method  Selling price per  square metre  Company  Fair value  2022  Valuation techniques  Significant  unobservable inputs  Description  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurements  Non-financial assets:  - Freehold land  204,000  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  47,946  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Level 3 fair value measurements (cont'd)

## (ii) Hotel assets (cont'd)

Company

| Fair value  2021  Valuation techniques  Significant  unobservable inputs  Description  $'000  Recurring fair value  measurements  Non-financial assets:  - Freehold land  192,000  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum  -   Hotel buildings and  improvements  42,092  Discounted cash flow  method  Discount rate  - 6.00% per annum   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Valuation policies and procedures

The  valuation  policies  and  procedures  of  the  Group's  hotel  assets  are  similar  to  those  of  the Group's investment properties (Note 28(c)(i)).

For hotel assets valued under the discounted cash flow method, a significant increase/(decrease) in  discount rates based on valuer's assumptions would have resulted in a significantly (lower)/ higher fair value measurement.

## (d) Assets and liabilities not measured at fair value, for which fair value is disclosed

The following table shows an analysis of the Group's assets and liabilities not measured at fair value, for which fair value is disclosed:

| Group  Fair value measurements at the end of the period  using  Quoted prices  in active  markets for  identical assets  Significant  observable  inputs other than  quoted prices  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  2022  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets  Investment in associate  5,058  -  -  5,058  2021  Assets  Investment in associate  5,084  -  -  5,084   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. FAIR VALUES OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## (e) Fair value of financial instruments that are not carried at fair value and whose carrying amounts are reasonable approximation of fair value

Trade and other receivables and payables (Notes 13 and 15), cash and short-term deposits (Note 14), accrued operating expenses, and loans and borrowings at floating rate (Note 17)

The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities are reasonable approximation of fair values, either due to their short-term nature or that they are floating rate instruments that are re-priced to market interest rates on or near the end of the reporting period.

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and use of financial instruments. The key financial risks include interest rate risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and market price risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these risks, which are executed by the management.

It is, and has been throughout the current and previous financial year, the Group's policy that no derivatives shall be undertaken except for the use as hedging instruments where appropriate and cost-efficient. The Group and the Company do not apply hedge accounting.

The following sections provide details regarding the Group's and Company's exposure to the above-mentioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group's and the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's and the Company's exposure to  interest  rate  risk  arises  primarily  from  their  loans  and  borrowings.  All  of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's financial assets and liabilities at floating rates are contractually re-priced at intervals of less than 6 months (2021: less than 6 months) from the end of the reporting period.

Information  relating  to  the  Group's  interest  rate  exposure  is  disclosed  in  cash  and  short-term  deposits (Note 14) and loans and borrowings (Note 17).

The Group has cash and cash equivalents placed with reputable financial institutions, which generate interest income for the Group. The Group manages its interest rate risk by placing such balances on varying maturities and interest rate terms.

## Sensitivity analysis for interest rate risk

At the end of the reporting period, if interest rates had been 100 (2021: 100) basis points lower/higher with all other variables held constant, the Group's profit net of tax would have been $2,171,000 lower/higher (2021: $1,743,000 lower/higher), arising mainly as a result of lower/higher interest income on cash and short-term deposits. The interest capitalised in property, plant and equipment construction-in-progress would have been $156,000 lower/higher (2021: $106,000 lower/higher), arising mainly as a result of lower/higher interest expense on  floating  rate  loans  and  borrowings.  The  assumed  movement  in  basis  points  for  interest  rate  sensitivity analysis is based on the currently observable market environment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting financial obligations due  to  shortage  of  funds.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  liquidity  risk  arises  primarily  from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Group's and the Company's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of stand-by credit facilities.

The Group's and the Company's liquidity risk management policy is to maintain sufficient liquid financial assets and stand-by credit facilities. At the end of the reporting period, the Group's loans and borrowings (Note 17) that will mature in less than one year based on the carrying amount reflected in the financial statements amounted to approximately 100% (2021: 100%) of total loans and borrowings.

The  table  below  summarises  the  maturity  profile  of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  financial  assets  used for  managing  liquidity  risk  and  financial  liabilities  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  based  on  contractual undiscounted repayment obligations:

| One year  or less  One to five  years  More than  5 years  Total  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables  6,104  -  -  6,104  Cash and short-term deposits  297,524  -  -  297,524  Total undiscounted financial assets  303,628  -  -  303,628  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (exclude GST payables)  15,679  -  -  15,679  Accrued operating expenses  2,920  -  -  2,920  Lease liabilities  406  1,453  28,398  30,257  Loans and borrowings  22,298  -  -  22,298  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  41,303  1,453  28,398  71,154  Total net undiscounted financial assets/  (liabilities)  262,325  (1,453)  (28,398)  232,474   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

Liquidity risk (cont'd)

| One year  or less  One to five  years  More than  5 years  Total  Group  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2021  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables  10,997  -  -  10,997  Cash and short-term deposits  230,874  -  -  230,874  Total undiscounted financial assets  241,871  -  -  241,871  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (exclude GST payables)  11,841  -  -  11,841  Accrued operating expenses  2,336  -  -  2,336  Lease liabilities  284  759  14,483  15,526  Loans and borrowings  15,003  -  -  15,003  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  29,464  759  14,483  44,706  Total net undiscounted financial assets/  (liabilities)  212,407  (759)  (14,483)  197,165  Company  2022  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables  1,349  -  -  1,349  Cash and short-term deposits  99,584  -  -  99,584  Total undiscounted financial assets  100,933  -  -  100,933  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (exclude GST payables)  4,913  -  -  4,913  Accrued operating expenses  1,100  -  -  1,100  Lease liabilities  9  3  -  12  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  6,022  3  -  6,025  Total net undiscounted financial assets/  (liabilities)  94,911  (3)  -  94,908   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Liquidity risk (cont'd)

| One year  or less  One to five  years  More than  5 years  Total  Company  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2021  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables  848  -  -  848  Cash and short-term deposits  112,940  -  -  112,940  Total undiscounted financial assets  113,788  -  -  113,788  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (exclude GST payables)  4,132  -  -  4,132  Accrued operating expenses  972  -  -  972  Lease liabilities  39  12  -  51  Total undiscounted financial liabilities  5,143  12  -  5,155  Total net undiscounted financial assets/  (liabilities)  108,645  (12)  -  108,633   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency risk

Foreign currency risk arises when transactions are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the respective Group entities. The Group and the Company hold cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies for working capital purposes. At the end of the reporting period, such foreign currency balances (mainly in AUD, NZD, MYR and RMB) amounted to $257,204,000 (2021: $205,290,000) for the Group. The Group does not enter into any derivatives to hedge foreign exchange exposures.

The Group is also exposed to currency translation risk arising from its net investments in foreign operations, including Australia, New Zealand, Malaysia and People's Republic of China. The Group's net investments are not hedged as currency positions in AUD, NZD, MYR and RMB are considered to be long-term in nature.

The Group has minimal transactional currency exposures arising from sales or purchases that denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of the Group entities, primarily SGD, AUD, NZD, MYR and RMB.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

## Sensitivity analysis for foreign currency risk

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity of the Group's profit net of tax to a reasonably possible change in the AUD, NZD, MYR and RMB exchange rates against the respective functional currencies of the Group's entities, with all other variables held constant.

| Profit net of tax  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  AUD/SGD - strengthened 5% (2021: 5%)  3,841  4,694  - weakened 5% (2021: 5%)  (3,841)  (4,694)  NZD/SGD - strengthened 5% (2021: 5%)  44  48  - weakened 5% (2021: 5%)  (44)  (48)  MYR/SGD - strengthened 5% (2021: 5%)  285  299  - weakened 5% (2021: 5%)  (285)  (299)  RMB/SGD - strengthened 5% (2021: 5%)  388  416  - weakened 5% (2021: 5%)  (388)  (416)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may arise on outstanding financial instruments should a counterparty default on its obligations. The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit risk arising primarily from trade and other receivables. For other financial assets, including investment securities and cash and short-term deposits, the Group and the Company minimise credit risk by dealing exclusively with high credit ratings counterparties.

The Group's objective is to seek continual revenue growth while minimising losses incurred due to increased credit risk exposure. The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. Cash terms and advance payments are required for customers of lower credit standing. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.

The Group has determined the default event on a financial asset to be when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments when they fall due within 90 days, or when the debtor is in significant financial difficulties or liquidation.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. The Group considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information which includes the following indicators:

- -Internal credit rating
- -External credit rating
- -Actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic  conditions  that  are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor's ability to meet its obligations
- -Actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor
- -Significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor
- -Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements
- -Significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including changes in the payment status of debtors in the group and changes in the operating results of the debtor

Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making contractual payment.

The Group determined that its financial assets are credit-impaired when:

- -There is significant difficulty of the issuer or the debtor
- -A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event
- -It is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation
- -There is a disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulty

The Group categorises a loan or receivable for  potential  write-off  when  a  debtor  fails  to  make  contractual payments more than 90 days past due. Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. Where loans and receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these are recognised in profit or loss.

The following are credit risk management practices and quantitative and qualitative information about amounts arising from expected credit losses for each class of financial assets.

## (i) Trade and other receivables at amortised cost

The Group uses a provision matrix to measure the lifetime expected credit loss  allowance  for  trade receivables which are grouped based on days past due. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjust to reflect current and forward-looking macroeconomic data. Loss allowances for other receivables are measured based on 12 month expected credit loss.

Other than the debtors that are identified to be credit impaired, the Group had assessed that the lifetime expected credit loss of trade and other receivables is not significant.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

## Excessive risk concentration

Concentrations arise when a number of counterparties are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same geographical region, or have economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic, political or other conditions. Concentrations indicate the relative sensitivity of the Group's performance to developments affecting a particular industry.

In  order  to  avoid  excessive  concentrations  of  risk,  the  Group's  policies  and  procedures  include  specific guidelines to focus on maintaining a diversified portfolio. Identified concentrations of credit risks are controlled and managed accordingly. Selective hedging may be used within the Group to manage risk concentrations at both the relationship and industry levels. The Group does not apply hedge accounting.

## Credit risk concentration profile

The Group determines concentrations of credit risk by monitoring the country of its trade receivables on an on-going basis. The credit risk concentration profile of the Group's trade receivables at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  %  $'000  %  By country:  Singapore  807  20  4,213  44  Australia  2,588  62  5,150  53  New Zealand  680  17  253  3  Malaysia  28  1  4  -*  China  4  -*  9  -*  4,107  100  9,629  100   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than 1%

## Expected credit losses

The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables using provision matrix at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Past due  Group  Current  Within  30 days  More  than  30 to 60  days  More  than  60 to 90  days  More  than  90 days  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  31 December 2022  Gross carrying amount  1,906  575  547  203  876  4,107  31 December 2021  Gross carrying amount  1,548  3,747  1,017  3,234  83  9,629   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Credit risk (cont'd)

Expected credit losses (cont'd)

| Past due  Company  Current  Within  30 days  More  than  30 to 60  days  More  than  60 to 90  days  More  than  90 days  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  31 December 2022  Gross carrying amount  60  20  1  -  66  147  31 December 2021  Gross carrying amount  15  46  51  -  -  112   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group had assessed that the lifetime expected credit loss of these trade receivables is not significant.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, management has identified certain debtors to be credit impaired as they experienced  significant  financial  difficulties  and  delays  in  payment.  Hence,  management  has  assessed  the recoverability of the outstanding balances separately from the provision matrix.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Gross carrying amount  199  209  -  -  Less: loss allowance  (199)  (209)  -  -  Carrying amount net of allowance  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movement in allowance for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Movement in allowances account:  At 1 January  209  213  -  -  Write back of provision  (2)  -  -  -  Exchange differences  (8)  (4)  -  -  At 31 December  199  209  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## Market price risk

Market price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market prices (other than interest or exchange rates). The Group is exposed to equity price risk arising from its investment in quoted equity instruments. These instruments are quoted on the Singapore Exchange and are classified as financial assets at FVOCI. The Group does not have exposure to commodity price risk.

The Group's objective is to manage investment returns and equity price risk by investing in shares with steady dividend yield. At the end of the reporting period, 96% (2021: 96%) of the Group's equity portfolio comprise shares included in the Straits Times Index ('STI').

## Sensitivity analysis for equity price risk

At the end of the reporting period, if the equity share price had been 5% (2021: 5%) higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the Group's other comprehensive income would have been $1,033,000 (2021: $994,000) higher/lower, arising as a result of an increase/decrease in the fair value of equity instruments classified as FVOCI.

## 30. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholder value. The Group manages its capital structure by taking into account its current and projected cash flow, expansion and capital expenditure commitments, and ensuring a prudent debt to equity ratio.

The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio which is net debt divided by total capital plus net debt. The Group includes within net debt, trade and other payables, accrued operating expenses, lease liabilities, loans and borrowings, less cash and short-term deposits (excluding restricted cash). Capital include equity attributable to owners of the Company, less asset revaluation reserve and fair value adjustment reserve.

No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021. The Group has complied with externally imposed capital requirements for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Trade and other payables (Note 15)  16,461  12,203  Accrued operating expenses  2,920  2,336  Lease liabilities (Note 16)  9,352  4,683  Loans and borrowings (Note 17)  21,670  14,770  Less: Cash and short-term deposits (Note 14)  (297,524)  (230,874)  Restricted cash - fixed deposits pledged for bank loan and credit facility  (Note 14)  51,474  55,912  Net cash position  (195,647)  (140,970)  Equity attributable to the owners of the Company  1,350,009  1,320,782  Less:  Asset revaluation reserve  (700,590)  (616,418)  Fair value adjustment reserve  (4,693)  (3,348)  Total capital  644,726  701,016  Capital and net cash  449,079  560,046  Gearing ratio  Nil  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SEGMENT INFORMATION

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical locations, and has five reportable operating segments as follows:

- -Singapore
- -Malaysia
- -Australia
- -New Zealand
- -China

No operating segments have been aggregated to form the above reportable operating segments.

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.

Segment results, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that are allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly income tax and foreign exchange gain or loss, and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Inter-segment assets and liabilities are eliminated.

Transfer prices between operating segments are set on an arm's length basis in a manner similar to transactions with external parties.

Segment capital expenditure is the total costs incurred during the financial year to acquire segment assets that are expected to be used for more than one year.

| Singapore  Malaysia  Australia  New Zealand  China  Eliminations  Group  31 December 2022  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Turnover  30,358  218  84,529  27,593  812  -  143,510  Segment results  8,737  (319)  12,003  (3,539)  (397)  -  16,485  Finance costs  (2)  -  (1)  (401)  -  -  (404)  Interest income from fixed deposits  1,575  320  1,745  107  8  -  3,755  Share of results of associates  -  (226)  -  -  -  -  (226)  Reversal of investment in an  associated company  499  -  -  -  -  -  499  Income tax expense  (12,154)  Unallocated foreign exchange loss  (7,110)  Profit for the year attributable to owners  of the Company  845  Segment assets  661,832  5,642  270,327  304,746  13,181  (7,503)  1,248,225  Cash and short-term deposits  131,395  15,958  135,412  12,513  2,246  -  297,524  Investment in associates  -  5,451  -  -  -  -  5,451  Total assets  1,551,200  Segment liabilities  (9,253)  (161)  (11,104)  (14,862)  (1,071)  7,202  (29,249)  Loans and borrowings  -  -  -  (21,670)  -  -  (21,670)  Unallocated liabilities  (150,272)  Total liabilities  (201,191)  Capital expenditure  129  84  9,508  26,391  18  -  36,130  Depreciation and amortisation  10,097  140  6,505  2,952  858  -  20,552   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

| Singapore  Malaysia  Australia  New Zealand  China  Eliminations  Group  31 December 2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Turnover  22,543  56  74,594  24,819  1,051  -  123,063  Segment results  5,399  (299)  9,980  8,691  (216)  -  23,555  Finance costs  (3)  -  (3)  (573)  -  -  (579)  Interest income from fixed deposits  379  325  29  97  7  -  837  Share of results of associates  -  (153)  -  -  -  -  (153)  Impairment loss on investment in an  associated company  (516)  -  -  -  -  -  (516)  Income tax expense  (5,851)  Unallocated foreign exchange loss  (3,341)  Profit for the year attributable to owners  of the Company  13,952  Segment assets  612,812  6,044  337,174  296,631  15,047  (7,154)  1,260,554  Cash and short-term deposits  134,553  16,897  66,318  10,894  2,212  -  230,874  Investment in associates  -  6,159  -  -  -  -  6,159  Total assets  1,497,587  Segment liabilities  (7,013)  (110)  (10,440)  (8,333)  (1,110)  6,853  (20,153)  Loans and borrowings  -  -  -  (14,770)  -  -  (14,770)  Unallocated liabilities  (141,882)  Total liabilities  (176,805)  Capital expenditure  (92)  -  (5,384)  (19,571)  (9)  -  (25,056)  Depreciation and amortisation  (10,134)  (143)  (6,863)  (3,086)  (877)  -  (21,103)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 31. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONT'D)

## Information about products and services

The following table presents information regarding the Group's products and services as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

| Hotel operations  Commercial property  investments  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Revenue:  Sales to external  customers  130,365  105,629  13,145  17,434  143,510  123,063   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Hotel operations  Commercial property  investments  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets:  Segment assets  1,090,447  1,103,831  157,778  156,723  1,248,225  1,260,554  Interest earning cash and  short-term deposits  289,888  223,120  7,636  7,754  297,524  230,874  Investments in associates  5,451  6,159  -  -  5,451  6,159  Total assets  1,385,786  1,333,110  165,414  164,477  1,551,200  1,497,587  Capital expenditure  35,085  23,366  1,045  1,690  36,130  25,056   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. AUTHORISATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR ISSUE

The financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 13 April 2023.

## HOTELS OWNED BY THE GROUP

The hotels of the Group consist of the following:

| Fixed Assets/Location  Description  Number Of  Guest Rooms  Approximate Land  Area (sq m)  Tenure  Hotel Grand Central, Singapore  Land with 10 level hotel building  264  1,239  Freehold  Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard,  Singapore  Land with 10 level hotel building  488  2,805  Leasehold  99 years from  2 May 1978  Hotel Grand Crystal  Kedah, Malaysia  Land with 6 level hotel building  130  4,192  Freehold  The Chancellor on Currie,  Adelaide, Australia  Land with 8 level hotel building  64  542  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor Adelaide,  Australia  Land with 14 level hotel building  220  2,644  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor Brisbane,  Australia  Land with 12 level hotel building  230  3,799  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor Hobart,  Australia  Land with 13 level hotel building  and a concert hall with a seating  capacity for 1,086 people  244  11,020  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor  Launceston, Australia  Land with 7 level hotel building  165  9,036  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor  Melbourne, Australia  Land with 17 level hotel building  160  1,582  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor  Townsville, Australia  Land with 20 level hotel building  200  1,465  Freehold  Hotel Grand Chancellor Auckland  City, New Zealand  65 hotel units  65  -  Freehold  James Cook Hotel Grand  Chancellor Wellington, New  Zealand  Hotel Building comprising of two  towers of 6 levels and 11 levels  respectively  269  -  Freehold  Hotel Grand Central,  Sihui, China  Land with 16 level hotel building  216  2,548  Leasehold  35 years from  22 Sep 2008  Total  2,715  40,872  LAND OWNED BY THE GROUP  74-80 Wellesley Street,  Auckland  Land  -  998  Freehold  182-192, Armagh Street  Christchurch  Land  -  1,495  Freehold  Total  -  2,493   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INVESTMENT PROPERTIES OWNED BY THE GROUP

The investment properties of the Group consist of the following:

| Investment Properties/Location  Description  Approximate  Land Area (sq m)  Net Lettable Area  (sq m)  Tenure  James Cook Arcade and Office  Tower, Wellington, New Zealand  A 7 level retail and office building  with 426 car park spaces  3,526  2,253  Freehold  JacksonStone House, Wellington,  New Zealand  A 13 level retail and office building  with 23 car park spaces  1,320  8,350  Freehold &amp;  Perpetual  Leasehold  Grand Central Building,  Christchurch, New Zealand  A 7 level retail and office building  with 64 car park spaces  3,683  14,118  Freehold  Fonterra House, Hamilton,  New Zealand  A 9 level office building with  93 car park spaces  5,302  7,275  Freehold  Total  13,831  31,996   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## OWNED HOTELS/INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

As at 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST, the following are the information relating to the Directors seeking re-appointment (as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 to the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST):

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  Date of Appointment  26 August 2003  10 July 1968  Date of last re-appointment  (if applicable)  25 June 2020  25 June 2020  Age  60  81  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Malaysia  The Board's comments on this  appointment (including rationale,  selection criteria, board diversity  considerations, and the search and  nomination process)  The Board, having considered,  among others, the recommendation  of the NC and reviewed and  assessed the contribution  and performance, attendance,  preparedness, participation,  candour and suitability of Ms.  Tan Hwa Lian, as well as the  overall size, composition and  diversity of gender and skillsets  of the Board, is of the view that  she possesses the experience,  expertise, knowledge and skills for  her role and responsibilities as the  Executive Director of the Company  and is satisfied that Ms. Tan Hwa  Lian will continue to contribute to  the Board, and to the combination  of knowledge, skills, experience  and diversity required on the Board  in order to serve the needs and  plans of the Company and the  Group.  The Board, having considered,  among others, the recommendation  of the NC and reviewed and  assessed the contribution  and performance, attendance,  preparedness, participation,  candour and suitability of Mr. Tan  Teck Lin, as well as the overall  size, composition and diversity of  skillsets of the Board, is of the view  that he possessess the experience,  expertise, knowledge and skills for  his role and responsibilities as the  Executive Director of the Company  and is satisfied that Mr. Tan Teck  Lin will continue to contribute to  the Board, and to the combination  of knowledge, skills, experience  and diversity required on the Board  in order to serve the needs and  plans of the Company and the  Group.  Whether appointment is executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Executive. Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  is involved in the operations of  the hotel business in Singapore,  Australia, New Zealand and China,  as well as oversees the Group's  overall sustainability performance  and reports to the Board.  Executive. Mr. Tan Teck Lin  is involved in the day-to-day  operations of the Group's Australia  and New Zealand companies and  the property development business  in Malaysia.  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC  Chairman, AC Member etc.)  Executive Director  Executive Director, NC Member  Professional qualifications  Bachelor Degree of Business  Administration (Hons) - National  University of Singapore  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  Working experience and  occupation(s) during the past  10 years  Director of the Company and  its subsidiaries and associates  companies.  Director of the subsidiaries and  associates companies of Tan Chee  Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd.  Deputy Executive Chairman and  Managing Director of Grand  Central Enterprises Berhad,  Director of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons  Sdn. Bhd., the Company and  their subsidiaries and associates  companies.  Shareholding interest in the listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  Direct Interest:  6,661 ordinary shares  Deemed Interest:  Nil ordinary shares  Direct Interest:  Nil ordinary shares  Deemed Interest: 456,732,253  ordinary shares  Any relationship (including  immediate family relationships)  with any existing director, existing  executive officer, the issuer and/or  substantial shareholder of the listed  issuer or of any of its principal  subsidiaries  Daughter of Mr. Tan Eng Teong  (Executive Chairman/Managing  Director).  Niece to Mr. Tan Teck Lin  (Executive Director) and Mr. Tan  Eng How (Non-Independent Non-  Executive Director)  Brother of Mr. Tan Eng Teong  (Executive Chairman/Managing  Director) and Mr. Tan Eng How  (Non-Independent Non-Executive  Director).  Uncle of Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  (Executive Director)  Conflict of interest (including any  competing business)  No  Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte  Ltd (private limited company) has  primarily investment in properties  and equity shares.  Undertaking (in the format set out  in Appendix 7.7) under Rule 720(1)  has been submitted to the listed  issuer  Yes  Yes   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Principal Commitments* Including Directorships#

* 'Principal Commitments' has the same meaning as defined in the Code.
- # These fields are not applicable for announcements of appointments pursuant to Listing Rule 704(9)

| Past (for the last 5 years)  Nil  Nil  Present  Director of the Company and  its subsidiaries and associates  companies.  Director of the subsidiaries and  associates companies of Tan Chee  Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn. Bhd.  Deputy Executive Chairman and  Managing Director of Grand  Central Enterprises Berhad,  Director of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons  Sdn. Bhd., the Company and  their subsidiaries and associates  companies.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  Disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief  financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank. If the answer  to any question is 'yes', full details must be given.  (a)  Whether at any time during the  last 10 years, an application or  a petition under any bankruptcy  law of any jurisdiction was  filed against him or against a  partnership of which he was  a partner at the time when he  was a partner or at any time  within 2 years from the date he  ceased to be a partner?  No  No  (b)  Whether at any time during the  last 10 years, an application or  a petition under any law of any  jurisdiction was fi led against an  entity (not being a partnership)  of which he was a director or  an equivalent person or a key  executive, at the time when he  was a director or an equivalent  person or a key executive  of that entity or at any time  within 2 years from the date  he ceased to be a director or  an equivalent person or a key  executive of that entity, for the  winding up or dissolution of that  entity or, where that entity is the  trustee of a business trust, that  business trust, on the ground of  insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No  (d)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence,  in Singapore or elsewhere,  involving fraud or dishonesty  which is punishable with  imprisonment, or has been  the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any  pending criminal proceedings  of which he is aware) for such  purpose?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  (e)  Whether he has ever been  convicted of any offence,  in Singapore or elsewhere,  involving a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore  or elsewhere, or has been  the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any  pending criminal proceedings  of which he is aware) for such  breach?  No  No  (f)  Whether at any time during  the last 10 years, judgment  has been entered against  him in any civil proceedings  in Singapore or elsewhere  involving a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty  on his part, or he has been the  subject of any civil proceedings  (including any pending civil  proceedings of which he is  aware) involving an allegation  of fraud, misrepresentation or  dishonesty on his part?  No  No  (g)  Whether he has ever been  convicted in Singapore or  elsewhere of any offence in  connection with the formation  or management of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether he has ever been  disqualified from acting as a  director or an equivalent person  of any entity (including the  trustee of a business trust),  or from taking part directly or  indirectly in the management of  any entity or business trust?  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  (i)  Whether he has ever been  the subject of any order,  judgment or ruling of any court,  tribunal or governmental body,  permanently or temporarily  enjoining him from engaging in  any type of business practice or  activity?  No  No  (j)   Whether he has ever, to his  knowledge, been concerned  with the management or  conduct, in Singapore or  elsewhere, of the affairs of :-  (i)  any corporation which has been  investigated for a breach of any  law or regulatory requirement  governing corporations in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (ii)  any entity (not being a  corporation) which has been  investigated for a breach of any  law or regulatory requirement  governing such entities in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (iii)  any business trust which  has been investigated for a  breach of any law or regulatory  requirement governing  business trusts in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  (iv)  any entity or business trust  which has been investigated  for a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere, in connection with  any matter occurring or arising  during that period when he was  so concerned with the entity or  business trust?  No  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Person  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian  Mr. Tan Teck Lin  (k)  Whether he has been the  subject of any current or past  investigation or disciplinary  proceedings, or has been  reprimanded or issued any  warning, by the Monetary  Authority of Singapore or any  other regulatory authority,  exchange, professional body or  government agency, whether in  Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No  Disclosure applicable to the appointment of Director only  Any prior experience as a  director of an issuer listed on the  Exchange?  N.A. This relates to re-appointment  of Director.  N.A. This relates to re-appointment  of Director.  If yes, please provide details of  prior experience.  N.A.  N.A.  If no, please state if the director  has attended or will be attending  training on the roles and  responsibilities of a director of a  listed issuer as prescribed by the  Exchange.  N.A.  N.A.  Please provide details of relevant  experience and the nominating  committee's reasons for not  requiring the director to undergo  training as prescribed by the  Exchange (if applicable)  N.A.  N.A.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 22 March 2023

Class of Shares :

Ordinary Shares

Issued and fully paid-up capital

:

SGD 515,009,085.551

Number of Ordinary Shares issued :

(excluding treasury shares)

739,426,148

Number of Treasury Shares held :

Nil

Number of Subsidiary Holdings Held :

Nil

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %  1 - 99  182  5.64  7,714  0.00  100 - 1,000  385  11.94  181,261  0.02  1,001 - 10,000  1,230  38.14  6,241,846  0.85  10,001 - 1,000,000  1,400  43.41  82,082,384  11.10  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  28  0.87  650,912,943  88.03  TOTAL  3,225  100.00  739,426,148  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  TAN CHEE HOE &amp; SONS HOLDINGS PTE LTD  412,568,507  55.80  2  TAN ENG TEONG PTE LTD  66,859,520  9.04  3  CHNG GIM HUAT  29,432,250  3.98  4  TAN TECK LIN HOLDINGS SDN BHD  23,383,240  3.16  5  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  22,247,508  3.01  6  ADITAN HOLDINGS SDN BHD  20,517,455  2.77  7  TAN ENG SIN  14,465,106  1.96  8  CHNG GIM HUAT HOLDINGS PTE LTD  8,711,609  1.18  9  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  7,280,046  0.98  10  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  6,360,284  0.86  11  MORPH INVESTMENTS LTD  3,960,980  0.54  12  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  3,545,862  0.48  13  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED  3,133,772  0.42  14  GRAND CITY DEVELOPMENT PTE LTD  3,031,293  0.41  15  TAN HWA KHEONG  2,984,372  0.40  16  WEE AIK KOON PTE LTD  2,695,791  0.36  17  NG POH CHENG  2,630,295  0.36  18  TAN HWA IMM  2,363,872  0.32  19  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  2,201,229  0.30  20  TAN KAY TOH OR YU HEA RYEONG  1,853,950  0.25  TOTAL  640,226,941  86.58   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 22 March 2023

| Substantial Shareholders  (As recorded in the Register of  Substantial Shareholders  as at 22 March 2023)  Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  No of shares  %  No of shares  %  Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd.  412,568,507  55.80  Nil  -  Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn Bhd  Nil  -  412,568,507  (1)  55.80  Tan Eng Teong Holdings Sdn Bhd  Nil  -  412,568,507  (1)  55.80  Tan Teck Lin Holdings Sdn Bhd  23,383,240  3.16  412,568,507  (1)  55.80  Tan Teck Lin  (2)  Nil  -  456,732,253  61.77  Tan Eng Teong  (3)  43,139  0.006  480,858,038  65.03  Tan Eng How  (4)  1,259,742  0.17  433,085,962  58.57  Tan Eng Teong Pte. Ltd.  66,859,520  9.04  412,568,507  (1)  55.80  Aditan Holdings Sdn Bhd  20,517,455  2.77  412,568,507  (1)  55.80  Chng Ghim Huat  (5)  29,432,250  3.98  27,711,609  3.81   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1)  Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Sdn Bhd ('TCH&amp;SSB') is the holding company of Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd., a substantial shareholder of the Company holding 412,568,507 shares in the share capital of the Company.

Tan Eng Teong Holdings Sdn. Bhd. ('TETHSB'), Tan Teck Lin Holdings Sdn. Bhd. ('TTLHSB') and Aditan Holdings Sdn. Bdh. ('Aditan') are shareholders of TCH&amp;SSB, each holding more than 20% shareholdings in TCH&amp;SSB.

Tan Eng Teong Pte. Ltd. ('TETPL') is shareholder of TETHSB, holding more than 20% shareholdings in TETHSB. (all the abovementioned entities are collectively known as 'Tan Group of Entities').

Accordingly all Tan Group of Entities are deemed interested in 412,568,507 shares in the share capital of the Company held by Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd.

- (2)  Mr Tan Teck Lin is deemed interested in (i) 412,568,507 shares in the share capital of the Company held by Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd. through TTLHSB and Aditan; (ii) 23,383,240 shares in the share capital of the Company held by TTLHSB; and (iii) 20,517,455 shares in the share capital of the Company held by Aditan, by virtue of his shareholdings held in TTLHSB and Aditan. Mr Tan Teck Lin also deemed interested in 263,051 shares in the share capital of the Company held by his spouse.
- (3)  Mr Tan Eng Teong is deemed interested in (i) 66,859,520 shares in the share capital of the Company held by TETPL; and (ii) 412,568,507 shares in the share capital of the Company held by Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd. through TETPL, by virtue of his shareholding held in TETPL. Mr Tan Eng Teong also deemed interested in 1,430,011 shares in the share capital of the Company held by his spouse.
- (4)  Mr Tan Eng How is deemed interested in (i) 412,568,507 shares held by Tan Chee Hoe &amp; Sons Holdings Pte. Ltd. through Aditan; and (ii) 20,517,455 held by Aditan, by virtue of his shareholdings held in Aditan.
- (5)  Chng Ghim Huat's deemed interest arose through shares held by Chng Gim Huat Holdings Pte. Ltd.

## PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDING IN PUBLIC'S HANDS

Based on the information available and to the best knowledge of the Company, as at 22 March 2023, approximately 18.11% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company were held by the public.

Accordingly, the Company has complied with Rule 723 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 55th Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  of  HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED (the ' Company ') will be convened and held at Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard, Function Room, Level 2, 28 Cavenagh Road, Singapore 229635 on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 11.30 a.m. for the following purposes:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS:

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Auditor's Report thereon. [Resolution No. 1]
2. To approve a first and final One-Tier tax exempt ordinary dividend of 2 cents (Singapore Dollars) per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. [Resolution No. 2]
3. To  approve  Directors'  Fee  of  S$350,500  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  S$350,500). [Resolution No. 3]
4. To re-elect the following Directors of the Company retiring pursuant to Regulation 120 of the Company's Constitution:
5. (a)  Ms. Tan Hwa Lian
6. (b)  Mr. Tan Teck Lin

[See Explanatory Note (i)]

5. To re-appoint Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young LLP as the Company's auditor and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix their remuneration. [Resolution No. 6]
6. To transact any other ordinary business which may properly be transacted at the Annual General Meeting.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS:

To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without any modifications:

## 7. Authority to Allot and Issue Shares

THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Companies Act ') and subject to Rule 806 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '), authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to (a) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company (' Shares ') whether  by  way  of  rights,  bonus  or  otherwise;  (b)  make  or  grant  offers,  agreements  or  options  (collectively, ' Instruments ')  that  might  or  would  require  Shares  to  be  allotted  and  issued,  or  other  transferable  rights  to subscribe for  or  purchase  Shares  including  but  not  limited  to  the  creation  and  issue  of  warrants,  debentures or other instruments convertible into Shares; (c) issue additional Instruments arising from adjustments made to the number of Instruments previously issued in the event of rights, bonus or capitalisation issues, at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and/or (d) (notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) to issue Shares in pursuance of any Instruments made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force, provided that:-

- (i) the aggregate number of Shares to be issued pursuant to this Resolution (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed 50% of the total issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders of the Company (including shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) does not exceed 20% of the total issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company;
- (ii) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by SGX-ST) under sub-paragraph (i) above, the percentage of issued share capital shall be based on the issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for (1) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards that are outstanding or subsisting when this Resolution is passed; and (2) any subsequent consolidation or sub-division of shares;

[Resolution No. 4]

[Resolution No. 5]

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (iii)  in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST for the time being in force (unless such compliance is waived by the SGX-ST) and the Company's Constitution; and
- (iv)  unless revoked or varied by the Company in general meeting, such authority shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

## 8. Renewal of Share Repurchase Mandate

THAT:-

- (a)  for the purposes of Section 76E of the Companies Act, the exercise by the Directors of the Company of all the powers to purchase or otherwise acquire issued ordinary shares in the capital of Company (' Ordinary Shares ') not exceeding in aggregate the Maximum Percentage (as hereafter defined), at such price or prices as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as hereafter defined), by way of Market Purchase(s)(as hereafter defined) and otherwise in accordance with all other laws, regulations and rules of the SGX-ST as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally (the ' Share Repurchase Mandate ');
- (b)  unless varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the Directors of the Company pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate may be exercised by the Directors at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the date of the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earlier of:
- (i) the date on which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is held or required by law to be held, wherever is earlier; or
- (ii) the date on which the authority conferred by the Share Repurchase Mandate is revoked or varied in a general meeting; or
- (iii)  the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of Ordinary Shares by the Company pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate are carried out to the full extent mandated;
- (c) in this Resolution:-

' Market Purchase ' means on-market purchases or acquisitions of Ordinary Shares through the SGX-ST's trading system undertaken by the Company in accordance with the Companies Act;

' Maximum Percentage ' means that number of Ordinary Shares representing 5% of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at the date of the passing of this Resolution (excluding Ordinary Shares which are held as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings); and

' Maximum Price ' in relation to an Ordinary Share to be purchased or acquired, means the maximum purchase price  (excluding  brokerage,  commission,  applicable  goods  and  services  tax  and  other  related  expenses), which shall not exceed 105% of the average closing price of an Ordinary Share over the period of five (5) market days on which the transactions in the Ordinary Shares on the SGX-ST were recorded before the day on which such purchase is made and deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs after the relevant five (5) market days period; and

- (d)  the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts and things (including executing such documents as may be required) as they may consider expedient or necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated and/or authorised by this Resolution.

[See Explanatory Note (iii)]

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

[Resolution No. 8]

[Resolution No. 7]

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Ms. Tan Hwa Lian will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the Executive Director of the Company.

Mr. Tan Teck Lin will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the Executive Director of the Company and a member of the Nominating Committee.

The key information of Ms. Tan Hwa Lian and Mr. Tan Teck Lin as required pursuant to Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST can be found on pages 104 to 109 of the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (the ' FY2022 Annual Report ').

- (ii) The Ordinary Resolution 7 proposed in item 7 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of the AGM effective until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue Shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into Shares and to issue Shares pursuant to such Instruments, without seeking any further approval from shareholders in general meeting but within the limitation imposed by this Ordinary Resolution, for such purposes as they consider would be in the interests of the Company, up to a number not exceeding, in total, 50% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which up to 20% may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders.

For determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued, the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) will be calculated based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Ordinary Resolution is passed after adjusting for new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities or share options or vesting of share awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time when this Ordinary Resolution is passed and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares.

- (iii)  The Ordinary Resolution 8 proposed in item 8 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, or the date on which the authority conferred by the Share Repurchase Mandate is revoked or varied in a general meeting, or the date on which purchases and acquisitions of shares pursuant to the Share Repurchase Mandate are carried out to the full extent mandated, whichever is the earlier, to repurchase ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  by  way  of  on-market  purchases  of  up  to  5%  of  the  total  number  of  issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the Maximum Price. Information relating to this proposed Resolution are set out in the Appendix attached to this Notice of AGM.

## IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR SHAREHOLDERS:

The Company's AGM will be held physically at Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard, Function Room, Level 2, 28 Cavenagh Road, Singapore 229635 on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 11.30 a.m. pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. There will be no option for shareholders to participate virtually .

Printed copies of the documents relating to the AGM, including this Notice of AGM, Appendix to Notice of AGM, the proxy form and the FY2022 Annual Report will not be despatched to shareholders of the Company. Instead, copies of the documents and information relating to the AGM have been made available on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website and may be accessed at the following URLs. Shareholders may request for printed copies of these documents by submitting the request via email to hotelgrand-agm@complete-corp.com by 20 April 2023:

- (a)  www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements; or
- (b)  www.ghihotels.com.

Shareholders should take note of the following arrangements for the AGM:

## (a) Participation in the AGM

Shareholders, including investors who hold shares through the Central Provident Fund and/or Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' CPF and/or SRS Investors '), may participate in the AGM by:-

- (i) Attending the AGM in person;
- (ii) Submitting questions in relation to any agenda item in this notice of AGM in advance of, or ask questions physically during the AGM; and/or
- (iii)  voting at the AGM by (i) themselves; or (ii) through duly appointed proxy(ies).

Details of the steps for registration, asking of questions and voting at the AGM by shareholders, are set out in items (b) to (f) below.

## (b) Registration to attend the AGM

Shareholders, including CPF and/or SRS Investors can attend the AGM in person.

To do so, they will need to register in person at the registration counter(s) outside the AGM venue on the day of the event. They are required to bring along their NRIC/passport to enable the Company to verify their identity. The Company reserves the right to refuse admittance to the AGM if the attendee's identity cannot be verified accurately.

For investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries please refer to item (e) for the procedures to attend and vote at the AGM.

## (c) Asking Questions relevant to the AGM

Shareholders, including CPF and/or SRS Investors, who have questions in relation to any agenda item in this notice of AGM can ask questions physically during the AGM or can submit their questions to the Company in advance (' Advanced Questions ') by 20 April 2023 , through any of the following means:

- (a)  by email to hotelgrand-agm@complete-corp.com; or
- (b)  by post to the Company's service provider, Complete Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 10 Anson Road, #29-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.

Shareholders, including CPF and/or SRS Investors, must identify themselves when posting questions through email or mail by providing the following details:

- (i) Full Name;
- (ii) Contact Telephone Number;
- (iii)  Email Address; and
- (iv)  The manner in which you hold shares (if you hold shares directly, please provide your CDP account number; otherwise, please state if you hold your shares through CPF or SRS, or are a relevant intermediary shareholder).

The  Company  will  endeavour  to  respond  to  all  substantial  and  relevant  Advanced  Questions  through an  announcement  on  SGXNet  at  the  URL  www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements  and  the Company's website at the URL www.ghihotels.com) by 23 April 2023.

Follow up questions which are submitted after 20 April 2023 will be consolidated and addressed either before the AGM via an announcement on SGXNet and the Company's website or at the AGM. The Company will publish the minutes of the AGM, which will include responses from the Board and management of the Company on the substantial and relevant questions received from Shareholders and Investors via an announcement on SGXNet and the Company's website within one (1) month after the AGM.

## (d) Voting at the AGM

For investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries please refer to item (e) for the procedures to vote at the AGM.

For CPF and/or SRS Investors please refer to item (f) for the procedures to vote at the AGM.

Shareholders will be able to vote at the AGM in person at the AGM, or by appointing proxy(ies) to vote on their behalf at the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

For appointing proxy(ies), the duly completed Proxy Form must be submitted through any of the following means not later than 25 April 2023 , 11.30 a.m. (being no later than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM) and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid:

- (i) by email, a copy to hotelgrand-agm@complete-corp.com; or
- (ii) by post, be deposited to the Company's polling agent, Complete Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. at 10 Anson Road, #29-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.

The Proxy Form has been made available on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website and may be accessed at the URLs www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and www.ghihotels.com.

Please refer to the detailed instructions set out in the Proxy Form.

## (e) Voting at the AGM by Relevant Intermediary Investors

Relevant Intermediary Investors who wish to attend and vote at the AGM, or to appoint proxy(ies) to attend and vote at the AGM should not make use of the Proxy Form and should instead approach their respective relevant intermediaries as soon as possible, in order to allow sufficient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to in turn submit a Proxy Form to appoint the Chairman to vote on their behalf not later than 25 April 2023 , 11.30 a.m.

## (f) Voting at the AGM by CPF and/or SRS Investors

CPF and/or SRS Investors who wish to vote at the AGM may attend the AGM in person, or may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to vote. The CPF and/or SRS Investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy should not make use of the Proxy Form. They should instead approach their respective CPF agent banks or SRS approved banks or depository agents to submit their votes by 19 April 2023 , 11.30 a.m. , being at least seven (7) working days before the AGM, in order to allow sufficient time for their respective CPF agent banks or SRS approved banks or depository agents to in turn submit a Proxy Form to appoint the Chairman to vote on their behalf not later than 25 April 2023 , 11.30 a.m.

## Personal Data Privacy:

' Personal data ' in this notice of AGM has the same meaning as 'personal data' in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012, which includes your name, address and NRIC/Passport number. By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting and/or any adjournment thereof,  a  member  of  the  Company  (i)  consents  to  the  collection,  use  and  disclosure  of  the  member's  personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the Annual General Meeting (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the 'Purposes'), (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

✃

## HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No. 196800243H)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## IMPORTANT:

1. This proxy form is not valid for use by investor holding shares through relevant intermediaries ('Investors')(including Investors holding through Central Provident Fund ('CPF'), or Supplementary Retirement Scheme ('SRS')('CPF/SRS Investors') and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. An Investor (other than CPF/SRS Investors) who wishes to vote should instead approach his/her relevant intermediary as soon as possible to specify voting instructions. A CPF/SRS Investor who wish to appoint Chairman of the Meeting as their proxy to vote should approach his/her CPF and/or SRS Approved Nominees at least seven (7) working days before the AGM.
2. By submitting this proxy form, the shareholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 13 April 2023.

This Proxy Form has also been made available on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website and may be accessed at the following URLs: www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and www.ghihotels.com.

*I/We (Name) (*NRIC/Passport/Registration No.) of (Address) being a *shareholder/shareholders of HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED (the ' Company '), hereby appoint:

Name

*and/or

Name

NRIC/Passport/Registration No.

NRIC/Passport/Registration No.

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

or  failing  *him/her,  the  Chairman  of  the  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the  Company  (' AGM '  or  the  ' Meeting ')  as  *my/ our *proxy/proxies to vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held at Hotel Chancellor @ Orchard, Function Room, Level 2, 28 Cavenagh Road, Singapore 229635 on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 11.30 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. *I/We direct *my/our *proxy/proxies to vote for or against or abstain from the Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof, the *proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at *his/her discretion.

# (Please indicate your votes for or against or abstain from a resolution with a tick '√' in the box provided under 'For' or 'Against' or 'Abstain' below. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares that the proxy(ie) is/are directed to vote 'For' or 'Against' or to abstain from voting.)

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions relating to  FOR #  AGAINST #  ABSTAIN #  1.  Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements for the  financial year ended 31 December 2022  2.  Approval of first and final one-tier tax exempt ordinary dividend  of 2 cents (Singapore Dollars) per Ordinary Share  3.  Approval of Directors' fees for the financial year ended  31 December 2022 amounting to S$350,500  4.  Re-election of Ms. Tan Hwa Lian as a Director  5.  Re-election of Mr. Tan Teck Lin as a Director  6.  Re-appointment of Ernst &amp; Young LLP as Auditor of the Company  7.  Authority to allot and issue Shares  8.  Renewal of Share Repurchase Mandate   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Delete where inapplicable

Dated this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ 2023

Signature(s) of Shareholder(s) or Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

Total Number of Shares in:

(a)  CDP Register

(b)  Register of Members

No. of Shares

Fold along dotted line

## Notes to the Proxy Form:

- (1) Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Future Act 2001 of Singapore), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares registered in your name in the Register of Members of the Company, you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members. If no number of shares is inserted, this proxy form will be deemed to relate to all shares held by you.
- (2) A shareholder of the Company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company is entitled to appoint one (1) or two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. Where a shareholder appoints two (2) proxies, the appointments shall be invalid unless he/she specifies the proportion of his/her shareholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy.
- (3) A shareholder who is a relevant intermediary entitled to attend the meeting and vote is entitled to appoint more than one (1) proxy to attend and vote instead of the shareholder, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such shareholder. Where such shareholder appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointments shall be invalid unless the shareholder specifies the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed. 'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.
- (4) A corporation which is a shareholder may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the Meeting, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.
- (5) The instrument appointing proxy(ies) must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any officer or attorney duly authorised. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by an attorney on behalf of the appointor, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must be lodged with the instrument.

Fold along dotted line

- (6) The  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  or  proxies,  duly  executed,  must  be  submitted  through  any  of  the  following  means  by 25 April 2023 at 11.30 a.m. , which is not later than 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM:
2. (i) by email, a copy to hotelgrand-agm@complete-corp.com; or
3. (ii) by  post,  be  deposited  to  the  Company's  polling  agent,  Complete  Corporate  Services  Pte.  Ltd.  at  10  Anson  Road,  #29-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
- (7) The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointment a proxy or proxies lodged if the shareholder, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depositor Register as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting a proxy form, the shareholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 13 April 2023.

HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED c/o Complete Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. 10 Anson Road #29-07 International Plaza Singapore 079903

Affix Postage Stamp

✃

C

M

Y

CM

MY

CY

CMY

K

## Hotel Grand Central, Singapore

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Central, Sihui

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in China)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor, Hobart (Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Chancellor, Launceston

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor, Melbourne (Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Chancellor, Brisbane

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Chancellor, Adelaide

<!-- image -->

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Chancellor on Currie, Adelaide

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Chancellor, Townsville (Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Australia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Chancellor, Auckland City

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in New Zealand)

<!-- image -->

James Cook Hotel Grand Chancellor, Wellington (Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in New Zealand)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Chancellor, Wellesley Street, Auckland

(Opening in year 2023)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Grand Central Building, Christchurch (Wholly owned investment property in New Zealand)

<!-- image -->

## Fonterra House, Hamilton

(Wholly owned investment property in New Zealand)

<!-- image -->

JacksonStone House, Wellington (Wholly owned investment property in New Zealand)

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Crystal, Alor Star

(Wholly owned subsidiary hotel in Malaysia)

<!-- image -->

Hotel Grand Continental, Kuala Terengganu (Associated hotel in Malaysia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Continental, Kuala Lumpur

(Associated hotel in Malaysia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Continental, Kuantan

(Associated hotel in Malaysia)

<!-- image -->

## Hotel Grand Continental, Langkawi

(Associated hotel in Malaysia)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## AL

## Pty Ltd

## d