<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Structure  2  Corporate Information  3  Board of Directors' Profiles  4  Profiles Of Key Senior Management  14  Chairman Statement  15  Management Discussion And Analysis  17  Corporate Sustainability Statement  21  Corporate Governance Overview Statement  23  Statement of Directors' Responsibility in Respect  of the Audited Financial Statements  42  Audit Committee Report  43  Statement On Risk Management And Internal Control  45  Additional Compliance Information  47  Financial Statements  49  List Of Properties  172  Analysis Of Shareholdings  173  Notice Of Annual General Meeting  175  Form Of Proxy   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE STRUCTURE

Our core business of the Group is in properties development.

The Group structure of the subsidiary companies are as follows:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali Independent Non-Executive Chairman

Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff President (Re-designated on 5 December 2022)

Edwin Silvester Das Executive Director / Chief Executive Officer

Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai Executive Director (Re-designated on 3 October 2022)

P Ellango A/L Ponramu Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed on 12 May 2022)

Azmi Bin Osman Non-Independent Non-Executive Director (re-designated on 11 March 2022)

Dato' Yong Chong Long Non-Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed 21 October 2022)

Chew Huey Yen Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed on 7 March 2022)

Terence Cheah Eu Lee Independent Non-Executive Director (Appointed 1 July 2022)

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

## Audit Committee

P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Chairman) (Appointed on 12 May 2022) Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Member) Chew Huey Yen (Member) (Appointed on 7 March 2022)

## Nomination Committee

P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Chairman) (Appointed on 12 May 2022) Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Member) Chew Huey Yen (Member) (Appointed on 7 March 2022)

## Remuneration Committee

Azmi Bin Osman (Chairman) Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Member) Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai (Member) P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Member) (Appointed on 12 May 2022)

## Risk Management Committee

Edwin Silvester Das (Chairman) Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai (Member) Azmi Bin Osman (Member)

## Investment Committee

Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai (Chairman) Edwin Silvester Das (Member) Azmi Bin Osman (Member)

## COMPANY SECRETARIES

Tan Tong Lang (MAICSA 7045482/ SSM Practising Certificate No. 202208000250) Thien Lee Mee (LS0010621/ SSM Practising Cerificate No. 201908002254)

## REGISTERED OFFICE

B-21-1, Level 21, Tower B, Northpoint Mid Valley City, No 1, Medan Syed Putra Utara, 59200 Kuala Lumpur

Tel No. : 03 9770 2200

Fax No.: 03 9770 2239

Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad

Sector

: Properties

Stock Name : JIANKUN

Stock Code    : 8923

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Aldpro Corporate Services Sdn Bhd B-21-1, Level 21, Tower B Northpoint Mid Valley City No. 1, Medan Syed Putra Utara 59200 Kuala Lumpur W.P. Kuala Lumpur

Tel No. : 03-9770 2200

Fax No. : 03-9770 2239

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Malayan Banking Berhad MBSB Bank Berhad United Overseas Bank (Malaysia) Berhad AmBank (Malaysia) Berhad RHB Bank Berhad Public Bank Berhad Public Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd

## AUDITORS

Messrs. UHY (AF 1411) Suite 11.05, Level 11, The Gardens South Tower, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur

Tel No. : 03-22793088

Fax No. : 03-22793099

## HEAD OFFICE

L21-03, Level 21, PJX-HM Shah Tower, No.16a, Persiaran Barat, 46050  Petaling Jaya, Selangor

Tel No. : 03 -79323666

Fax No. : 03 -79322866

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROFILES

<!-- image -->

## From the left

Mr. Terence Cheah Eu Lee, Dato' Yong Chong Long, Mr. P Ellango A/L Ponramu, Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff, Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali, Edwin Silvester Das, Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai, Encik Azmi Bin Osman, Madam Chew Huey Yen

## TAN SRI DATO' SRI

HAJI MOHAMED APANDI BIN HAJI ALI

Independent Non-Executive Chairman 73 years of age, Malaysian, Male Member of Audit Committee,Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Tan  Sri  Dato'  Sri  Haji  Mohamed  Apandi  Bin  Haji  Ali was  appointed  as  an  Independent  Non-Executive Chairman of Jiankun on 22 December 2020. He has over 46 years of experience in legal field, which was accumulated from the Judicial and Legal Services, private practice,  the  Judiciary,  and  as  the  Attorney General of Malaysia.

He graduated from the University of London in 1972 with a Bachelor of Laws. Thereafter, he obtained his  Bar-at-Law from the Honourable Society of the Inner Temple, London in 1973. He was awarded as Certificate of Legal Drafting from the Institute of Advance Legal Studies, London in 1981.

Upon graduation, he started his career in 1973 as a magistrate at the Magistrates' Court, Kuala Terengganu. Subsequently, he was appointed as director of the Legal Aid Bureau in Kota Bharu, Kelantan in 1975. He later held the position of Deputy Public Prosecutor for the state of Kelantan and Terengganu from 1977 to 1980. He was appointed as the legal adviser to the Ministry of Trade and Industry in 1980 before setting up his own firm in 1982. He was then invited to join Malaysian Judiciary in 2003, starting off as Judicial Commissioner in Kuantan High Court, before confirmed as a judge in 2004. He was then posted to the Criminal Division of High Court of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur in 2007.

In 2010, he was elevated as a Judge of the Court of Appeal, Putrajaya and was elevated as a Judge of the Federal Court in 2013. He was appointed as the Ninth Attorney General of Malaysia from 2015 until 2018. He is now back to legal practice in his own firm from 2018 until now.

He is  not  a  director  of  any  other  public  companies.  He  does  not  have  any  family  relationship  with  any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

DATO' SAIFUL NIZAM BIN MOHD YUSOFF

President 53 years of age, Malaysian, Male

<!-- image -->

Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 April 2021 and re-designated as an Executive Director on 10 March 2022. On 3 October 2022, Dato' Saiful Nizam was re-designated as an Executive Deputy Chairman and he was subsequently re-designated as President on 5 December 2022.

On 20 March 2023, Dato' Saiful was appointed for the Kolonel Bersekutu of the Civil Defense Force. On 5 April 2023, Dato' Saiful been appointed as Adjunct professor at the Faculty of Economics and Management from University Kebangsaan Malaysia.

He holds a Degree in Material Engineering (Hons.) from University Science of Malaysia. He began his career as Project Executive in oil &amp; gas industry since 1994. After spending two years in Miri, Sarawak, he joined Projass Engineering Sdn Bhd as Project Manager from 1997 till 2000. He worked as Project Manager in Javel Engineering Sdn Bhd from 2000 until 2003 before he setting up his own business entity. With more than 20 years' experience in development, construction and maintenance. He currently is the Managing Director of Menara Rezeki Group since year 2003 until present.

Currenly, he also sits on the Board of SMTrack Berhad.

He is  not  a  director  of  any  other  public  companies.  He  does  not  have  any  family  relationship  with  any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## EDWIN SILVESTER DAS

Executive Director / Chief Executive Officer 65 years of age, Malaysian, Male Chairman of Risk Management Committee Member of Investment Committee

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Edwin Silvester Das ('Mr. Das') was appointed as Executive Director on 21 December 2020 and appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 3 February 2021.

He had a long and distinguished banking and corporate career with more than 35 years both locally and abroad.

A finance graduate from Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, USA, Mr. Das started his banking career in 1985 and worked in USA, Europe, Africa, India, Sri Lanka and Sudan.

Mr. Das is a Fellow with the Institute of Corporate Directors, Malaysia.

Mr. Das experiences ranges from corporate and investment banking to restructuring and risk management.

He also served with Oracle Corporation (USA) as Industry Expert for the Financial Services Industry (FSI) before taking up a corporate role with an Infrastructure company building highways in India.

Thereafter he moved on as a Board of Director with a bank in Sudan where he took the bank to greater heights.

Mr. Das has vast experience and skills in restructuring and risk management and has been exposed to various industries ranging from aviation, banking, construction, consulting, ICT, infrastructure projects and manufacturing.

Currently, he is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Zen Tech International Berhad.

He does not have any family relationship with any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

DATO' IR LIM SIANG CHAI Executive Director 68 years of age, Malaysian, Male Chairman of Investment Committee Member of Risk Management Committee Member of Remuneration Committee

<!-- image -->

Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai ('Dato' Ir Lim') was appointed to the Board on 1 July 2013 as Executive Chairman and re-designated as Deputy Executive Chairman on 22 December 2020. Subsequently, he was re-designated as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 24 January 2022 and subsequently re-designated as Deputy Executive Chairman on 16 February 2022. On 3 October 2022, Dato' Ir Lim was re-designated as Executive Director.

Dato' Ir  Lim is  a  Chartered Engineer (C Eng) registered with the Engineering Council, United Kingdom and Professional Engineer (P Eng) registered with the Board of Engineers, Malaysia.  He is a member of the Institution of Engineers Malaysia (MIEM), Institute of Engineering and Technology of United Kingdom (MIET), an Honorary Fellow of the ASEAN Federation of Engineering Organisation, and a member of the Malaysian  Institute  of  Management.  He  also  holds  a  Master  of  Business  Administration  from  Deakin University, Australia and had undergone many technical and management training in Japan.

Dato' Ir Lim had also served the Malaysian Government in various Ministry as follows:

- Finance Ministry
- Tourism Ministry
- Information Ministry
- Transport Ministry

Currently, he also the  Independent Non-Executive Chairman of Advance Information Marketing Berhad.

He does not have any family relationship with any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

P ELLANGO A/L PONRAMU Independent Non-Executive Director 51 years of age, Malaysian, Male Chairman of Audit Committee and Nomination Committee Member of Remuneration Committee

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Mr. P Ellango A/L Ponramu was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 12 May 2022.

Mr. Ellango has more than 25 years of experience in Accounting, Finance and Management in companies across multiple jurisdictions in Asia.

Mr Ellango is a chartered accountant with membership of Malaysia Institute of Accountants, Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (UK) and hold a Master of Business Administration from Anglia Ruskin University, (UK).

For most part of his career, he was with Johnson Matthey, a FTSE100 UK chemical speciality company, representing their business interest in Malaysia and across Asia in multiple roles. As a Finance Director, he was responsible for 2 manufacturing facilities in Malaysia and India, supplying into automotive market in South East Asia and India Sub-continent.

Currently, Mr Ellango is a learning facilitor and speaker, focusing in area of governance.

He is  not  a  director  of  any  other  public  companies.  He  does  not  have  any  family  relationship  with  any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

DATO' YONG CHONG LONG Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

55 years of age, Malaysian, Male

<!-- image -->

Dato' Yong Chong Long was appointed as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 21 October 2022.

He is the Managing Director of NCM Land Sdn. Bhd., the Director of EW Sanorell Pharma Holdings Pte Ltd (Germany), T7 Aero Sdn. Bhd. (Aerospace Defence Division) and the founder of DS Sigma Holdings Bhd..

Dato' Yong was confered the Jasa Perdamai (JP) from the State of Kelantan. He is actively involving in nonprofit organisation.

He is  not  a  director  of  any  other  public  companies.  He  does  not  have  any  family  relationship  with  any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## AZMI BIN OSMAN

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director 47 years of age, Malaysian, Male Chairman of Remuneration Committee Member of Risk Management Committee and Investment Committee

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Encik Azmi Bin Osman was appointed to the Board as Independent Non-Executive Director on 29 December 2020 and re-designated as an Executive Director on 24 January 2022. Subsequently, he was re-designated from Executive Director to Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 11 March 2022.

He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy from University of Humberside, Hull, United Kingdom. He is a member of Malaysia Institute of Accountants, Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and Member of Mongolian Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

He started his career as a Team Leader and Country Director in 2000 with KPMG Kuala Lumpur and was the Audit Partner of Tentsver Orgil Audit LLC from 2006 till 2009. He was the Managing Partner and Shareholder of CNM Audit LLC from 2010 till 2014. He left CNM Audit LLC and joined Asian Metal Exploration Consultancy Sdn Bhd as the Chief Financial Officer till 2016. From 2016 till 2017, he was the Financial Adviser of Malaysia Smelting Corporation Berhad.

He is currently the Managing Partner of ABO Consultancy Sdn Bhd, Advisor of Crowe Horwath Mongolia TMZ LLC and Managing Partner of Wall Bridge Consulting LLC.

Currently, he also sits on the Board of SMTrack Berhad.

He does not have any family relationship with any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

## MADAM CHEW HUEY YEN

Independent Non-Executive Director 65 years of age, Malaysia, Female Member of Audit Committee and Nomination Committee

<!-- image -->

Madam Chew Huey Yen was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 7 March 2022.

She has more than 15 years of experience and has worked in banks and a listed company in Singapore and Malaysia.  She has over 12 years of experience in investment management and corporate consulting including financing, merger and acquisitions of listed companies.  She is now the Partner and management team of CITIC Hyperion HK.

She has served as Singapore's IPP Private Wealth Management Co., Lte. (Indonesia Lippo Group / OUE Group) as an advisor and director (Customer and Corporate Development Department) responsible for customer acquisition strategy business and corporate development and network.  She was a consultant and advisor to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's royal princes - one of which in the province of Jizan KSA, Jazan Economic City;  the Bin Ladin Group and Saudi Oger Group.  She joined Security Solutions Technology USA (Governement Appointee Company  as VP International Relations from 2021 until now focusing on government relations and industry partners in the Asean region.

For the paste 10 years, her role has been to establish business relationships with Chinese government companies and Malaysian companies for business development and construction related projects such as power and energy; infrastructure projects; buildings of airports; ports etc. in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East.

She is not a director of any other public companies. She does not have any family relationship with any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. She has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

TERENCE CHEAH EU LEE

Independent Non-Executive Director 50 years of age, Malaysian, Male

## Board Of Directors' Profiles (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Mr. Terence Cheah Eu Lee was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2022.

Mr. Terence Cheah is the Founder and Managing Director of Fairway Logistic (M) Sdn Bhd which he founded in 2004.

In 2008, Mr. Terence Cheah diversified into the Food and Beverage Industry whereby he started a Japanese and Nyonya Restaurant in Penang. He eventually become the Group Managing Director of the Group for the last sixteen (16) years. Mr. Terence Cheah served as the Independent Non-Executive Director of SMTRACK Berhad  between  March  2019  to  August  2019.  On  July  2020,  Mr.  Terence  Cheah  was  appointed  as  the Executive Director of MQ Technology Berhad and is responsible for Business Development and Marketing.

He does not have any family relationship with any Director and/ or major shareholder of the Company. He has no conflict of interest with the Company and has had no convictions for offences within the past five (5) years other than traffic offences, if any.

## PROFILES OF KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Management team is headed by Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff, the President, Mr. Edwin Silvester Das, the Executive Director / Chief Executive Officer and Dato' Ir. Lim Siang Chai, the Executive Director.

Their profiles are set out in page 5 to 13 in this Annual Report.

From the left

<!-- image -->

Chai Wai Ling, Lee Kuen Loong, Wong Co Lin @ Colin Wong, Chin Chong Pou, Edwin Silvester Das, Wong Kok Fong, Long Tyan Chee, Nordin Bin Toha, Ng Chooi Mui

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN STATEMENT

## Dear Valued Shareholders,

As Chairman of Jiankun International Berhad  ('Jiankun'),  it  is  my  pleasure  to present you the Annual Report and Financial Statements of the Group and of the Company for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December 2022 (FY2022).

## BUSINESS OPERATIONS

As with many businesses, FY2022 remain a challenging  year  for  Jiankun  after  the  Government lifted the movement restriction for the country.  For development and construction business as the main core  of  business  for  Jiankun,  it  will  take  time  to resume it busineses.  Last year, the Group managed to  handed  over  vacant  possession  of  the  Amani Residences project to home buyers.  Upon completion of  the  Amani  Residences  project,  the  Group  had entered  into  a  construction  project  agreement  to construct a 10 storey service apartment in Klebang, Melaka.  The Group also entered into a joint venture development agreement with a landowner to develop a piece of freehold land located in Bandar Teknologi Kajang for high a rise service apartment.  Currently we  are  expecting  the  approval  of  the  development order  and  to  commence  the  construction  by  3rd quarter of 2023.

During the financial year 2022, the Group reported a turnover of RM8.15 million (FY2021 RM59.94 million) and  reported  a  loss  after  tax  of  RM17.27  million (FY2021 profit after tax of RM2.15 million).  The loss was  mainly  due  to  the  lower  revenue  recognised during the year.  The revenue was derived from the remainder revenue from the Amani  Residences project and early stage of construction from One Le Tower in Klebang Melaka.  The Group has also written off RM2.06 million being share based expenses under Share  Issuance  Scheme  granted  to  directors  and employees,  RM3.47  million  for  the  net  revaluation loss  from  our  China  Properties  and  RM3.27  million for goodwill on acquisition of subsidiary companies.

## CORPORATE ACHIEVEMENT

In October 2022, Jiankun was awarded the Malaysia Developer Award 2022 ('MDA') under the Top 10 for Market  Capitalisation  below  RM1  billion  category organised by The Star Publication.  This has been an achievement for Jiankun as a reputable developer in the property market.

## Chairman Statement (Cont'd)

## BUSINESS OUTLOOK IN 2023

Going  into  2023,  we  expect  to  see  the  Group's financial performance remains challenging amidst the uncertainties of when the COVID-19 went into endemic.

The Board is of the view that the market is set to experience  a  surge  in  prices  this  year  due  to  the continued  increase  in  the  cost  of  construction materials. The trend is expected to persist for the next 12 months, which will have a significant impact on the housing market.  The Board has instructed the Management to take reasonable step to mitigate the impact on cost increase.

The residential housing market will continue to be slow but there will be gradual recovery, with demand focused on the mid-priced and affordable range as the  economy  improves  as  this  is  encouraged  by supportive government policies.

## APPRECIATION

I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the  continuous  efforts  and  dedication  of  Jiankun Management  team,  the  Board and the entire workforce  in  enabling  the  Company  to  weather this challenging period amidst the post pandemic. I  would  also  like  to  extend  my  utmost  gratitude to  our  business  partners,  associates,  suppliers, regulators,  authorities  as  well  as  customers  for their trust in the vision and mission of the company.

With  your  continued  support,  I  am  confident  that Jiankun will maintain its positive growth momentum going forward.

Sincerely,

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali Chairman

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

<!-- image -->

The  Management  and  the  Board  of  Directors  of  Jiankun International  Berhad  ('Jiankun',  'the  Company'  or  'the Group'),  has  great  pleasure  to  present  the  Annual  Report together with the Audited Financial Statements of the Group and  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ended  (FYE)  31 December 2022 together with the Management Discussion and Analysis ('MD&amp;A').

The  following  MD&amp;A  of  the  operating  performance  and financial position of the Company and the Group for the FYE 31 December 2022, should be read in conjunction with the Audited Financial Statement and related notes thereto.

The information presented in the MD&amp;A, including information  relating  to  comparative  periods  in  2021,  is presented in accordance with the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ('MFRS') unless otherwise stated.

## Overview of Business and Operations

Jiankun  is  a  company  listed  on  the  main  board  of  Bursa Malaysia under the Property category. Currently the Company's issued and fully paid up capital is RM76,175,542 consist of 360,514,069 ordinary shares.

For the FYE 31 December 2022, Jiankun completed the Amani Residences  project  and  handed  over  vacant  possession  to buyer in February 2022.  The Group thereafter undertook a construction project in Klebang, Melaka, known as One Le Tower.  The Group's Revenue recorded RM8.15 million (2021: RM59.94 million) and the loss after tax of RM17.27 million (2021:  profit  after  tax  of  RM2.15  million).    The  revenue was  derived  from  the  remainder  revenue  from  the  Amani Reasidences project and early stage of construction from One Le Tower in Klebang Melaka.  The Group has also written of RM2.06 million share based expenses under Share Issuance Scheme granted to directors and employees, RM3.47 million for the net revaluation loss from our China Properties and RM3.27  million  for  goodwill  on  acquisition  of  subsidiary companies.  During the FYE 31 December 2022, additional operating cost was incurred in corporate exercises.

On  26  October  2022,  Nagamas  Bizworks  Sdn.  Bhd.  had entered  into  a  Joint  Development  Agreement  with  NTL International Holdings, who is the landowner of a piece of freehold land located in Taman Anggerik, Bandar Teknologi Kajang, Semenyih, Selangor to develop service apartments which  consist  of  service  apartment,  commercial  units, facilities and carpark. Currently we are awaiting the approval of development order and commencement of the construction is expected to begin in the 3rd quarter 2023.

The  accounting  policy  for  investment  properties  adopted by the Group is based on valuation method, each year the Company will appoint qualified independent valuer to revalue the  investment properties located in China.  The valuation of  investment  properties  was  recorded  at  RM24.19  million (2021: RM27.65 million).

## Management Discussion And Analysis (Cont'd)

## Corporate Objective and Strategies

The lands bank maintain by the Group are in the planning stage and the Group will be expected to launch them by 2024.  However, to ensure sustainability in development business, the Group will continue to source for suitable lands either outright purchase or joint venture with potential landowner.

Prior to conclude any opportunity offer to the Group, the Management through its Investment Committee will perform a detailed feasibility study to assess the variability of the opportunities and the committee will submit their recommendation to the Board for approval.

## Financial Highlights

The Group's key financial information for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are summarised as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM million  RM million  Turnover  8.15  59.94  Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation, Amortisation and Taxation (EBITDA)  (19.61)  4.80  (Loss)/Profit Before Taxation  (19.47)  4.54  Taxation  (2.20)  (2.39)  (Loss)/Profit After Taxation and Minority Interest  (17.27)  2.15  Total Comprehensive (Loss)/Income  (16.10)  2.83  Net Tangible Assets  93.97  80.74   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Turnover

For FYE 31 December 2022, the Group achieved a turnover of RM8.15 million (2021: RM59.94 million).  The revenue breakdown as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM million  RM million  Property development and construction  8.07  59.35  Trading  -  0.47  Rental  0.08  0.12  Total Revenue  8.15  59.94   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The decreased in revenue was due to the lower revenue recognised during the year.  The revenue was derived from the remainder revenue from the Amani Residences project and early stage of construction from One Le Tower in Klebang Melaka.

## Results

Due to the decreased in revenue, the Group recorded a loss after tax of RM17.27 million (2021: profit after tax of RM2.15 million) and EBITDA loss of RM19.61 million (2021: EBITDA Profit of RM4.80 million) after taken into consideration the share based expenses and impairment.

## Financing Position

In  order  to  continue  support  the  construction  and  development  of  the  project,  continue  financing  from financial institution is essential for the Group.

During the FYE 2022, there is no loan borrowing for the Group on project development save for the loan to finance the corporate office of RM3.39 million.

## Expansion and Strategic

In order to ensure sustainability business for the Group, the Group announced for the purchased of a few pieces of lands for development and carried on fund raising exercise to support the acquisition.

Other than the lands acquired at the beginning of the year, the Group will continue source for suitable lands either base on outright purchase or joint venture with potential land owners.  The acquisition will use internal and external funding to finance the new acquisition.

## Non-financial indicator

Other than financial indicator, non-financial indicators are important to judge the Group performance.  The non-financial indicators used by the Group are staff turnover, sales take up rate, economy and number of successful loan approval granted.

In  view  of  the  country  entering  into  the  Endemic  phase,  the  challenge  facing  by  the  Group  will  remain soft.  The Board and Management will expect the Group's performance to be affected, and the Board and Management will take necessary action to mitigate the possible risk during the pandemic period.

## Significant changes in performance, financial position &amp; liquidity

The Board anticipated that the Endemic phase may affect the performance, financial position and liquidity in year 2022. The Management will ensure sufficient funds to maintain its performance, financial position and liquidity in order to ensure continued growth and sustainability.

In order to mitigate the financial risk, the Group would take reasonable care to safeguard the company's assets in order to ensure shareholders and stakeholders wealth are protected.

## Capital expenditure

Massive capital expenditure will not be required and the Management will continue the operations based on existing business model.  Current model will be sub-contract the construction elements to third parties which have their expertise in the related field, fully equip with facilities to complete the task.

If additional capital expenditure is required, the Management will invest in capital expenditure to optimize the shareholders and stakeholder wealth.

## Business and industries trend

National Property Information Centre information (NAPIC) reported that the number of inventories remain high and caution in providing financial assistant to potential buyers may result lower demand for residential properties during the post COVID-19 era.

However, the supply of houses has remained consistent in larger cities for affordable development with reasonable price.  It is expected that affordable residential development will grow in urban and sub-urban city.

## Associated risk and mitigation plans &amp; strategies

## Business Risk

## a) Foreign currency risk

The Group's exposure to foreign currency risk is minimal except for investment properties in China. Management  will  continue  to  review  the  Group's  exposure  to  foreign  currency  risks  arising  from turnover generated in currencies other than Ringgit Malaysia.

## Management Discussion And Analysis (Cont'd)

## Management Discussion And Analysis (Cont'd)

## b) Interest rate risks

The  property  development  businesses  require  external  financing  and  the  cost  of  financing  are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, interest rates, credit availability from banks or other lenders, any restrictions imposed by the Government of Malaysia as well as political, social and economic conditions in Malaysia.  The Group businesses may also be exposed to fluctuation in interest rate movements.  Any significant increase in interest rate may also affect the financial performance of the Group.

The Management would monitor and mitigate the interest rate risk by undertaking prudent capital budgeting where for all major financing decision, consultation and approval of the Board will be made and obtained.

## c) Competition risks

The  Group's  competitiveness  is  dependent  on  the  ability  of  the  management  to  price  the  product competitively,  to  provide  quality  and  timely  delivery  of  properties  and  to  manage  the  sales  of  the properties.

The  management  will  continue  to  undertake  measures  to  remain  competitive  in  the  property development  industry  by  providing  quality  products  and  competitive  pricing  and  ensure  timely completion and delivery of properties sold.

## d) Delays in commencement and completion

There are many external factors which are beyond the control of the management that could affect the  timely  completion  of  property  development  like  getting  the  necessary  approvals  from  relevant authorities,  the  availability  of  construction  materials  in  reasonable  amounts  and  satisfactory performance of the appointed building contractors.

The management will closely monitor the progress of work to mitigate the risks by rectifying  any setbacks in order to ensure timely completion of the development.

## Forward looking statement

## Possible trend, outlook &amp; sustainability of each principal business segment

Despite current economic conditions, the Management foresees that the demand for affordable residential properties remain high. The management will continue to focus on this sector to meet the market needs.

## Prospects of new business or investments

There  are  numerous  development  opportunities  that  are  being  pursued  by  the  management.    The management will work closely with the Board to evaluate all potential new business or investments to optimise the interest of the Group as well as the shareholders and stakeholders.

## Dividend/distribution policy &amp; factors contributing

At  this  moment,  the  Company  has  not  formalised  any  dividend/distribution  policy  in  rewarding  the shareholders.  After taking into consideration of the Group's financial performance, cash flow position and fund needs for future expansion of the Group, the Board will act in best interest to continue growing the business as well as reward the shareholders who had given strong support to the Group.

## Conclusion

The  Management  expected  2023  will  be  remain  challenging,  the  management  confident  that  with  the business opportunities identified and will proceed cautiously to ensure continued business growth.

## CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

The Board of Directors acknowledges the Environmental, Social and Governance ['E.S.G'] strategy in doing business. E.S.G is an integral part of our business for the Group's to strike a balance between business objectives and material sustainability which strives to fulfill the expectation of its stakeholders by managing risk and opportunities related to E.S.G while ensuring the operational success of the Group. E.S.G takes the  holistic  view  that  sustainability  extends  beyond  just  environmental  issues  and  becomes  a  strategic imperative for portfolios to create and sustain long-term value in a rapidly changing world.

## i. Environmental

The  Management  recognises  that  day-to-day  businesses  can  may  have  a  negative  impact  to  the environment. As such, the management will conduct an Environmental Impact Assessment of the company's environmental impact. This will help the Management identify areas where the company can improve its environmental performance. Once identified the areas for improvement, the Management will set specific, measurable, achievable, relevant, and time-bound (SMART) environmental goals. This could include reducing energy consumption, water usage, and waste generation. The Management will continue to adhere to regulatory requirements in reducing the harmfulness to the environment and ensure all employees and service providers adhere to the Environmental Act in forced in Malaysia.

The Management will encourage sustainable transportation options such as public transportation, and carpooling for employees. The Management will implement energy-efficient practices such as using renewable energy sources, installing energy-efficient lighting, and improving insulation in future development for the projects. The Management will encourage all service providers to adopt green building practices by incorporating sustainable building practices in new construction and renovation projects. This could include using recycled and reusable materials, installing green roofs, and improving indoor air quality.

## ii. Social

The  Management  believes  the  importance  of  human  capital  and  the  employees  are  an  important asset to the Group. As such, the Management will ensure that the workplace provided for employees is  a  safe,  pleasant,  and  conductive  working environment. During the period of COVID-19 pandemic the Management sanitized the office and provided free COVID-19 tests to all staff to ensure all the employees are in a safe working environment. The Management will be implementing safety measures, such as providing masks, conducting regular COVID-19 safety checks, and following health and safety regulations.

The Management acknowledges that the employees are coming from multi races, different cultures and religions. The Management will ensure to hire a balance racial mix with equal opportunities for all applicants regardless of their background, race, religion, or gender. The Group's recruitment policy will ensure that selection of employees is based on the merits, competency, skills, knowledge, and experience  to  fill  the  job  requirement  for  employees  to  contribute  their  effort  in  achieving  overall business sustainability.

To  optimise  the  employees'  capabilities  and  competency  in  discharging  their  duties,  the  Company will  offer  continue  training  and  development  opportunities  to  employees  by  letting  all  employees to  participate in various on jobs and off jobs related training programs and seminars and to equip themselves with latest knowledge and techniques to discharge the duties in a more productively and efficient manner.

## Corporate Sustainability Statement (Cont'd)

## iii. Governance

The Group emphasises transparent and good corporate governance practices and accountability to meet  the  shareholders'  expectations  and  provide  transparency  in  financial  reporting  by  providing timely and accurate financial statements and disclosures.

The  Management  will  establish  strong  corporate  governance  framework  that  outlines  the  roles and responsibilities for the Board of Directors, Management, and staff to ensure transparency and accountability in decision making. In addition, the Management will maintain ethical business practices by developing and adhering to a code of conduct, implementing anti-corruption measures, and avoiding conflicts of interest.

The  Management  acknowledges  the  importance  of  ensuring  data  privacy  and  cybersecurity  by implementing  measures  to  protect  sensitive  information,  such  as  purchaser  data  and  financial information.

The  Management  will  encourage  diversity  in  the  appointing  directors  and  staff  recruitment  with diverse backgrounds and skillsets, including gender, ethnicity, and age diversity. The Management acknowledges that stakeholders, analysts, bankers, customers, suppliers, authorities, and the public are equally important to the Group, hence the Group committed and will be to ensured that everyone is take care of.

The Management believes by implementing specific E.S.G practices, the Management can demonstrate best business practices and be held accountable by stakeholder.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

The  Board  of  Directors  ('Board')  of  Jiankun  values  the  importance  of  good  corporate  governance  and upholds the principles and good practices contained in the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance 2021 ('MCCG'), where applicable.

MCCG serves as a fundamental guide to the Board in discharging its duty to act in the best interest of the Group while enhancing long-term shareholders' value and interests of other stakeholders.

This overview statement is prepared in compliance with the Main Market Listing Requirements ('MMLR') of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ('Bursa Securities') and is to be read together with the Corporate Governance Report of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY 2022'), which is available on the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS

## Principle A: Part 1 - Board Responsibilities

## Intended Outcome 1.0

- Every company is headed by a Board, which assumes responsibility for the company's leadership and is collectively responsible for meeting the objectives and goals of the company.

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  leadership,  oversight  and  overall  management  of  the  Company.  An effective Board is the one that made up of a combination of Executive Director with intimate knowledge of the business and Non-Executive Directors from diversified industry/business background to bring broad business and commercial experience to the Group.

The  Board  has  the  overall  responsibility  for  corporate  governance,  establishing  goals,  strategies  and direction, reviewing the Group's performance and critical business issues and ultimately the enhancement of long-term shareholders' value. It monitors and delegates the implementation of the strategic direction to the management.

The Directors collectively, with their different background and specialisation, bring with them a diverse wealth of experience and expertise in areas such as business, finance, legal, regulatory and operations which is relevant to the Group. A brief profile of each individual Directors is set out in this Annual Report.

The Board reviews the strategic plan of the Company tabled by Management at its meeting. The review would cover the performance targets and long-term plans of the Company to be met by Management. The Board is satisfied with the strategic plan of the Company as presented by the Management.

The Board would continue to review the plan to ensure its implementation. The Board's role is to oversee the performance of the Management to determine whether the business is properly managed.

The Board gets updates from Management at the quarterly Board meetings when reviewing the unaudited quarterly  results.  During  Board  meetings,  the  Board  participated  actively  in  the  discussion  on  the performance of the Company and assessed the performance of the Management.

As part of its efforts to ensure the effective discharge of its duties, the Board has delegated certain functions and responsibilities to the following respective Board Committees:-

- Audit Committee;
- Nomination Committee;
- Remuneration Committee;
- Risk Management Committee; and
- Investment Committee.

The  Chairman  of  each  Board  Committee  will  report  to  the  Board  on  the  outcome  of  the  Committee's meetings which also include the key issues deliberated at the Committee's meetings. The Board Committees discharge their duties in accordance to the Terms of Reference approved by the Board.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 1.1  The Chairman of the Board

The Board is led by an Independent Non-Executive Chairman, who is accountable for ensuring the integrity and effectiveness of the governance process of the Board.

The  Chairman  is  primarily  responsible  for  the  orderly  conduct  of  the  Board  meetings  and  ensure effectiveness of the Board as well as to ensure that all strategic and critical issues are discussed by the Board in a timely manner.

The responsibilities of the Chairman are clearly defined in the Board Charter, which is available on the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

## 1.2  Separation of position of the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer ('CEO')

The position  of  the  Chairman,  President  and  the  CEO  are  held  by  separate  individual  who  are  not related to each other, to ensure a good balance of power and authority, such that no one individual has unfettered powers in decision making.

The Chairman is responsible in leading the Board in its collective oversight of Management and ensure effectiveness  of  the  Board  matters  whilst  the  President  will  be  sourcing  for  potential  investment and  development  opportunity  to  the  Group  and  the  CEO  is  responsible  to  implement  the  policies and strategies approved by the Board for the purposes of running the business and the day-to-day management of the Company.

Presently, the Board is chaired by Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali who is able to provide effective leadership and necessary governance to the Group. He chairs the meetings of the Board and the shareholders, and thus ensuring effective communication with the shareholders as well as the relevant stakeholders and the position of President is held by Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff and the CEO is held by Mr Edwin Silvester Das.

## 1.3  Qualified and Competent Company Secretaries

In compliance with Practice 1.5 of the MCCG, the Board is supported by two (2) External Secretaries. The Company Secretaries of the Company are qualified to act as Company Secretary under Section 235 of the Companies Act, 2016 ('the Act'). The Company Secretaries provides the required support to the Board in carrying out its duties and stewardship role, providing the necessary advisory role with regard to the Company's constitution, Board's policies and procedures as well as compliance with all regulatory requirements, MCCG, guidance and legislation.

The Board has ready and unrestricted access to the advice and services of the Company Secretaries, who are considered capable of carrying out the duties to which the post entails. The Directors may seek advice from the management on issues under their respective purview. The Directors may also interact directly with the management, or request further explanation, information or updates on any aspect of the Company's operations or business concerns from them.

The Company Secretaries keep the Board abreast with the latest regulatory updates and ensure that deliberations at Board and Board Committee meetings are well documented.

The  Board  is  satisfied  with  the  performance  and  support  rendered  by  the  two  (2)  qualified  and experienced Company Secretaries to the Board in discharge of its functions.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The  Company Secretaries  are  accountable  to  the  Board  on  all  matters  connected  with  the  proper functioning of the Board and responsibility includes:

- assisting the Chairman and the Chairmen of the Board Committees in developing the agendas for the meetings;
- administering, attending and preparing the minutes of meetings of the Board, Board Committees and shareholders;
- acting as liaison to ensure good information flow within the Board, between the Board and its Committees as well as between management and the Directors;
- advising on statutory and regulatory requirements and the resultant implication of any changes that have bearing on the Company and the Directors;
- advising on matters of corporate governance and ensuring Board policies and procedures are adhered to;
- monitoring compliance with the Act, the MMLR and the Constitution of the Company;
- facilitating orientation of new director;
- disseminating suitable training courses and arranging for Directors to attend such courses when requested.

## 1.4  Access of Information and Advice

Unless otherwise agreed, notice of each meeting confirming the venue, time, date and agenda of the meeting together with relevant Board papers shall be forwarded to each director no later than seven (7) days before the date of the meeting. This is to ensure that Board papers comprising of due notice of issues to be discussed and supporting information and documentations were provided to the Board sufficiently in advance. Furthermore, Directors are given sufficient time to read the Board paper and seek for any clarification as and when they may need advisers or further explanation from management and Company Secretaries. The deliberations of the Board in terms of the issues discussed during the meetings and the Board's conclusions in discharging its duties and responsibilities are recorded in the minutes of meetings by the Company Secretaries.

The Board has access to all information within the Company as a full Board to enable them to discharge their  duties  and  responsibilities  and  is  supplied  in  a  timely  basis  with  information  and  reports  on financial,  regulatory  and  audit  matters  by  way  of  Board  papers  for  informed  decision  making  and meaningful discharge of its duties.

In  addition, all Directors have direct access to the advice and services of the Company Secretaries who is responsible for ensuring the Board's meeting procedures are adhered to and that applicable rules and regulatory are complied with. External advisers are invited to attend meetings to provide insights and professional views, advice and explanation on specific items on the meeting agenda, when required. Senior management team from different business units will also be invited to participate in the Board meetings to enable all Board members to have equal access to the latest updates and developments of business operations of the Group presented by the senior management team.

When necessary, Directors may whether as a full Board or in their individual capacity, seek independent professional advice, including the internal and external auditors, at the Company's expense to enable the directors to discharge their duties with adequate knowledge on the matters being deliberated, subject to approval by the Chairman of the Board, and depending on the quantum of the fees involved.

Senior  Management  staff  may  be  invited  to  attend  Board  meetings  to  provide  the  Board  detailed explanations and clarifications on certain matters that are tabled to the Board.

Each Board member is expected to achieve at least 50% attendance of total Board Meetings in any applicable financial year with appropriate leave of absence be notified to the Chairman and/or Company Secretaries, where applicable.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The Directors have demonstrated their ability to devote sufficient time and commitment to their roles and responsibilities as Directors of the Company. The Board is satisfied with the level of time and commitment given by the Directors of the Company towards fulfilling their duties and responsibilities.

During the financial year under review, five (5) Board meetings were held and the record of attendance of each Board Member as follows: -

| Name of Directors  No. of Meetings Attended  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali  4/5  Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd YusoffZ  (Re-designated from Independent Non-Executive Director to Executive  Director  on  10  March  2022,  subsequently  re-designated  from  Executive Director to Deputy Executive Chairman on 3 October 2022  and re-designated from Deputy Executive Chairman to President on 5  December 2022 )  5/5  Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai  (Re-designated from Deputy Executive Chairman to Non-Independent  Non-Executive  Director  on  24  January  2022,  subsequently  re-  designated from Non-Independent Non-Executive Director to Deputy  Executive  Chairman  on  16  February  2022  and  re-designated  from  Deputy Executive Chairman to Executive Director on 3 October 2022 )  5/5  Edwin Silvester Das  5/5  Azmi Bin Osman  (Re-designated  from  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  to  as  Executive Director on 24 January 2022 and subsequently re-designated  from Executive Director to Non-Independent Non-Executive Director  on 11 March 2022)  5/5  Dato' Yong Chong Long  (Appointed on 21 October 2022)  0/1  Mr P Ellango A/L Ponramu  (Appointed on 12 May 2022)  3/3  Madam Chew Huey Yen  (Appointed on 7 March 2022)  4/4  Mr Terence Cheah Eu Lee  (Appointed on 1 July 2022)  2/2  Datuk Seri Tan Choon Hwa  (Resigned on 22 March 2023)  4/5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save for newly appointed Director, all the Directors have complied with the minimum 50% attendance requirement in respect of Board Meeting as stipulated in the MMLR. In the intervals between Board Meetings, for any matters requiring Board's decisions, the Board's approvals are obtained through circular resolutions. The resolutions passed by way of such circular resolutions are then noted at the next Board Meeting.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS

## Principle A: Part 1 - Board Responsibilities

## Intended Outcome 2.0

- There is demarcation of responsibilities between the board, board committees and management.
- There is clarity in the authority of the board, its committees and individual directors.

## 2.1   Board Charter

The  Board  understands  the  importance  of  the  roles  and  responsibilities  between  the  Board  and Management. As part of the good corporate governance process, the Board has documented these roles and responsibilities in the Board Charter to ensure accountability of both parties and to provide reference for directors in relation to the Board's role, powers, duties and functions.

The Board reviewed the Board Charter on 16 April 2019 to re-align the existing governance policies in the Company with the good standard of corporate governance practices prescribed by MCCG and MMLR, where possible or relevant.

The Board reviews the Board Charter, where necessary, to ensure it remains relevant and effective at the prevailing time and business environment. The Board Charter clearly set outs the functions, responsibilities, and processes of the Board and ensures that all Board members are aware of their roles and duties. In order to ensure that the direction and control of the Group are in the hands of the Board, it had adopted a formal schedule of matters reserved for the Board's deliberation and decision which is set out in the Board Charter. The Board Charter is available on the Company's website at www. jki.com.my.

## Intended Outcome 3.0

- The Board is committed to promoting good business conduct and maintaining a healthy corporate culture that engenders integrity, transparency and fairness.
- The  Board,  management,  employees  and  other  stakeholders  are  clear  on  what  is  considered acceptable behavior and practice.

## 3.1  Code of Ethics and Conduct

The Board is committed in maintaining a corporate culture, which engenders ethical conduct. The Board has adopted the Code of Conducts and Ethics that summarises what the Company must endeavour to do proactively in order to increase corporate value, and which describes the areas in daily activities that require caution in order to minimise any risks that may occur. The Code of Conduct and Ethics provides guidance for Directors regarding ethical and behavioral considerations and/or actions as they address their duties and obligations during the appointment.

The Board will review the Code of Conduct and Ethics when necessary to ensure it remains relevant and appropriate. The details of the Code of Conduct and Ethics are available for reference at the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

## 3.2  Whistle Blowing Policy

The Board has adopted a Whistle-blowing Policy, with the aim to provide an avenue for raising concerns related to possible breach of business conduct, non-compliance of laws and regulatory requirements as well as other malpractices.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The main objectives of the policy are:

- i) Be committed to the Company's business ethics of Honesty, Integrity and Transparency;
2. ii) To  provide  a  transparent  and  confidential  process  for  all  parties  to  give  information  on  non compliances to the Code of Conduct and Ethics, or any misconduct regardless of his or her position, to an independent party to investigate the allegations and take the appropriate actions; and
3. iii) To uphold the moral duty being a Company by protecting the interest of all its stakeholders. The details of the Whistle-blowing Policy are available for reference at the Company's website at www. jki.com.my.

Stakeholders, who have suspected fraud, misconduct or any integrity concerns, are encouraged to fill up a Whistle Blowing Report Form and email to:

Attention

: P Ellango A/L Ponramu

Designation   : Chairman of Audit Committee

Email

: jibwb@jki.com.my / ellangoponramu@outlook.com

## 3.3  Anti-Corruption, Gifts and Entertainment Guidelines (For Customers &amp; Suppliers)

The  Company  has  since  27  May  2022  implemented  an  Anti-Corruption,  Gifts  and  Entertainment Guidelines (for customers and suppliers) in line with the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act, which is the Section 17A on corporate liability for corruption. The said Guidelines is available on the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

In FY2022, there was no incident of bribery and corruption were reported to the Group.

## Principle A: Part 2 - Board Composition

## Intended Outcome 4.0

- Board decisions are made objectively in the best interests of the company taking into account diverse perspectives and insights.

## 4.1  Board Composition

During the financial year under review, the Board of Jiankun currently comprises of nine (9) members which includes the following:

- a) one (1) Independent Non-Executive Chairman;
- b) one (1) President;
- c) two (2) Executive Directors;
- d) two (2) Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors;
- e) three (3) Independent Non-Executive Director.

The Board is of the opinion that the current size and composition constitute an effective Board in view of the nature of business and the scale of its Group's business operation.

The composition of the Board complies with Paragraph 15.02(1) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities. The profile of each Director is presented separately in Board of Directors' Profile of this Annual Report 2022.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The  current  composition  of  the  Board  provides  an  effective  Board  with  a  mix  of  industry  specific knowledge, broad based business and commercial experience together with independent judgement on matters of strategy, operations, resources and business conduct. This wide spectrum of skills and experience provide the strength that is needed to lead the Company to meet its objectives. The Board is  of  the  opinion  that  the  directors,  with  their  different  background  and  specializations, collectively bring with them a wide range of experience and expertise required to discharge the Board's duties and responsibilities.

The Board, through the Nomination Committee, having reviewed the size and complexity of the Group's operations, is of the view that the number of members in the Board is appropriate. Nevertheless, the Board is receptive to revamp the composition of members to ensure that the Board can function more effectively.

## 4.2  Tenure of Independent Director

The tenure of Independent Directors of the Company is as follows:-

| As at 31 December 2022  &lt;  1  2-5  &gt;  5 - 7  Independent Non-Executive Directors  3  1  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Under the MCCG, the tenure of an Independent Director should not exceed a cumulative term of nine years. Upon completion of the nine years, an Independent Director may continue to serve on the Board subject to the director's re-designation as a non-independent Director.

Currently, the Board does not have a policy in place on the tenure for Independent Directors in the Board Charter as the Board is of the view that a cumulative term of more than nine years may not necessarily impair independence and judgement of an Independent Director and therefore the Board does not deem it appropriate to impose a fixed term limit for Independent Directors in the Board Charter at this juncture.

Nevertheless, in the event where any Independent Director has served the Board for a cumulative term of nine years, the Nomination Committee, will access and decide whether he/she can remain as an Independent Director. In such situation, the Board will make a recommendation and provide strong justification to the shareholders in a general meeting to provide the shareholders with sufficient insight to enable them to assess the merits of the Board's decision to retain the services of the Independent Directors beyond the nine-year tenure.

In the event where an Independent Director has served the Board for a cumulative term of twelve years, the  Nomination  Committee will  access  and  decide  whether  he/she  can  remain  as  an  Independent Director. In such situation, the Board will make a recommendation and provide strong justification to the shareholders in a general meeting to provide the shareholders with sufficient insight to enable them to assess the merits of the Board's decision to retain the services of the Independent Directors beyond the twelve-year tenure. Under these circumstances, the Board will seek shareholders' approval under a two-tier voting process.

Where the Board has determined that the said Independent Director shall not remain as an Independent Director, then he/she will be re-designated as a Non-Independent Director accordingly.

During the financial year under review, none of the Independent Non-Executive Director have served on the Board for more than nine years.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 4.3  Diversity of the Board and Senior Management

The Company does not practice any form of gender, ethnicity and age group biasness as all candidates for either Board or Senior Management team shall be given fair and equal treatment.

The Board believes that there is no detriment to the Company in not adopting a formal gender, ethnicity and age group diversity policy as the Company is committed to provide fair and equal opportunities and nurturing diversity within the Group.

Notwithstanding with the above, the Board affirms its commitment to boardroom diversity as a truly diversified board can enhance the board's effectiveness, perspective, creativity and capacity to thrive in good times and to weather the tough times. In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination Committee will consider candidates on merit against objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

## 4.4  Boardroom and Gender Diversity

The Board does not have a policy on board composition having regard to the mix of skills, independence and diversity (including gender diversity) required to meet the needs of the Group. However, the Board Charter specifies that, as a matter of policy, the Board shall consist of qualified individuals with diverse experience, background, and perspective and the Board has taken into consideration the varied mix of board diversity, skill-set and qualification of candidates chosen to be members of the Board.

## 4.5  Appointments to the Board

The Nomination Committee makes independent recommendations for appointments to the Board. In making these recommendations, the Nomination Committee assesses the suitability of candidates, taking into account the character, integrity, competence, time commitment and other qualities of the candidates, before recommending their appointment to the Board for approval.

The  Nomination  Committee  is  also  empowered  to  bring  to  the  Board,  recommendation  as  to  the appointment  of  any  new  Director  or  to  fill  board  vacancies  as  and  when  they  arise.  In  making  its recommendation,  the  Nomination  Committee  will  consider  the  required  mix  of  skills,  knowledge, expertise, experience and other qualities, including core competencies which Directors of the Company should bring to the Board.

In fulfilling its primary objectives, the Nomination Committee shall undertake, amongst others, the following duties and responsibilities:

- i) to regularly review the structure, size and composition of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regards to any adjustments that are deemed necessary;
2. ii) to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, the various Committees and each individual Director's contribution to the effectiveness on the decision-making process of the Board;
3. iii) give  full  consideration  to  succession  planning  for  Directors  and  other  senior  executives  in  the course of its work, taking into account the challenges and opportunities facing the company, and the skills and expertise needed on the Board in the future;
4. iv) prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment;
- v) identifying and nominating for the approval of the Board, candidates to fill board vacancies as and when they arise;
6. vi) in  determining  the  process  for  the  identification  of  suitable  new  candidates,  the  Nomination Committee will ensure that an appropriate review or search is undertaken by an independent third party to ensure the requirement and qualification of the candidate nominated;
7. vii) to make recommendations to the Board on candidates it considers appropriate for appointment; and
8. viii)  to recommend to the Board concerning the re-election by shareholders of any director under the 'retirement by rotation' provisions in the Company's Constitution.

During the FY2022, Madam Chew Huey Yen, Mr P Ellango A/L Ponramu and Mr Terence Cheah Eu Lee have been appointed as an Independent Non- Executive Directors.

## 4.6  Criteria for Recruitment

The  appointment  of  new  Directors  is  the  responsibility  of  the  full  Board  after  considering  the recommendations  of  the  Nomination  Committee.  As  a  whole,  the  Company  maintains  a  very  lean number  of  Board  members.  The  Board  appoints  its  members  through  a  formal  and  transparent selection  process  which  is  consistent  with  Constitution  of  the  Company.  This  process  has  been reviewed, approved and adopted by the Board. New appointees will be considered and evaluated by the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee will then recommend the candidates to be approved and appointed by the Board. The Company Secretary will ensure that all appointments are properly made, and that legal and regulatory obligations are met.

Generally, the Board adopts a flexible approach when selecting and appointing new directors depending upon the circumstances and timing of the appointment. The Nomination Committee will help assess and recommend to the Board, the candidature of directors, appointment of directors to board committees, review of Board's succession plans and training programme for the Board.

In assessing suitability of candidates, consideration will be given to the core competencies, commitment, contribution and performance of the candidates to ensure that there is a range of skills, experience and diversity (including gender diversity) represented in addition to an understanding of the Business, the Markets and the Industry in which the Group operates and the accounting, finance and legal matters.

In general, the process for the appointment of director to the Board is as follows:

- (i) The  Nomination  Committee  reviews  the  Board's  composition  through  Board  assessment/ evaluation;
- (ii) The Nomination Committee determines skills matrix;
- (iii)  The Nomination Committee evaluates and matches the criteria of the candidates, and will consider diversity, including gender, where appropriate;
- (iv)  The Nomination Committee recommends to the Board for appointment; and
- (v) The Board approves the appointment of the candidates.

Factors considered by the Nomination Committee when recommending a person for appointment as a director include:

- (i) the merits and time commitment required for a Non-Executive Director to effectively discharge his or her duties to the Company;
- (ii) the outside commitments of a candidate to be appointed or elected as a Non-Executive Director and the need for that person to acknowledge that they have sufficient time to effectively discharge their duties; and
- (iii)  the extent to which the appointee is likely to work constructively with the existing directors and contribute to the overall effectiveness of the Board.

In FY2022, the Board has established the Fit and Proper Policy to guide the Nomination Committee and the Board of Directors in their review and assessment of potential candidates for appointment as Directors as well as Directors who are seeking for re-election to ensure that any person to be appointed or re-elected as a Director shall possess the character, integrity, relevant range of skills, knowledge, experience, competence and time commitment to carry out their roles and responsibilities effectively in the best interest of the Company and its stakeholders. The Fit and Proper Policy is published on the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 4.7  Nomination Committee

The Company has established the Nomination Committee comprising exclusively of Non-Executive Directors, with the responsibilities of assessing the balance composition of Board members, nominate the proposed Board member by looking into his skills and expertise for contribution to the Company on an ongoing basis.

The present Nomination Committee members are as follows:

Chairman

:   Mr P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Independent Non-Executive Director) (Appointed on 12 May 2022)

Member

: Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Independent Non-Executive

Chairman) (Redesignate from Chairman to Member on 12 May 2022)

Member

: Chew Huey Yen (Independent Non-Executive Director)

(Appointed on 7 March 2022)

The Nomination Committee had undertaken the following activities for the FY2022:

- (i) Reviewed the effectiveness of the Board, as a whole, Board Committees and individual Directors and make appropriate recommendation to the Board;
- (ii) Reviewed the Independence of Independent Directors;
- (iii)   Reviewed and recommended to the Board, the re-election of the Directors who will be retiring at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the Company; and
- (iv)  Reviewed  the  background  and  experienced  of  proposed  new  directors  and  make  appropriate recommendation to the Board.

## 4.8  Directors' Training

Due to the ever-increasing complexities in doing business, Directors are expected to upgrade their skill sets and keep themselves abreast with the developments in the business environment as well as with any new relevant regulatory and statutory requirements to maximise their effectiveness as members of the Board.

Save for newly appointed directors, all Directors have attended the Mandatory Accreditation Programme ('MAP') prescribed by Listing Requirements. The Directors shall be committed to continuous education to equip themselves with the knowledge and understanding of various provisions, rules, regulations and the latest development in the industries to effectively discharge their duties and obligations.

The  Directors  are  briefed  by  the  Company  Secretary  on  the  letters  and  circulars  issued  by  Bursa Securities during Board meeting. The Directors also will continue to undergo training and education programmes in order to keep themselves abreast on the various issues facing the changing business environment within which the Company operates in order to discharge their duties and responsibilities more effectively.

Updates on the MCCG, the Act and the MMLR were given by the Company Secretary to all Directors to facilitate knowledge enhancement in the areas of the Corporate Governance and relevant compliance areas.

All Directors have full opportunity to attend seminars, trainings, workshops and conference to update their knowledge and skills to contribute and to carry out their roles and duties in line with the directors' responsibility.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

Save for Dato' Yong Chong Long, all Directors have complied with the Continuous Training Programme prescribed by Bursa Securities. Training programmes, courses, seminars, conferences, talks, briefings attended by the Directors during the FY2022 were as follows: -

| Director  Title  Date  Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai  Webinar on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for company  directors and executives  20 December  2022  Edwin Silvester Das  Webinar on Artificial Intelligence (AI) for company  directors and executives  20 December  2022  P Ellango A/L Ponramu  (Appointed on 12 May 2022)  Mandatory Accreditation Programme (MAP)  Conversation with Audit Comittees - session 1  23-25 August  2022  17 November  2022  Chew Huey Yen  (appointed 7 March 2022)  Mandatory Accreditation Programme (MAP)  23-25 August  2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Save as disclosed above, the Directors were not able to attend any seminar and/or training programme during the financial year due to busy work schedule. However, they have kept themselves abreast on  financial  and  other  business  aspect  through  readings  and  meetings  to  enable  them  effectively discharge his duties and contribute to the Board.

The Directors also aware of their duties and responsibilities and will continue to undergo their relevant training programmes to keep abreast with new regulatory developments are required in compliance with the MMLR on continue education.

## Intended Outcome 5.0

- Stakeholders are able to form an opinion on the overall effectiveness of the board and individual directors.

## 5.1  Annual assessment of the Directors, Board as a whole and Board Committees

The Nomination Committee would conduct an assessment of the performance of the Board, as a whole, Board Committees and individual Directors, based on a self-assessment approach on an annually basis. From the results of the assessment, including the mix of skills and experience possessed by Directors, the Board will consider and approve the recommendations on the re-election and re-appointment of Directors at the Company's forthcoming AGM, with a view to meeting current and future requirements of the Group.

Under the MMLR of Bursa Securities, the directorships in other public listed companies in Malaysia held by any Board member at any one time shall not exceed any number as may be prescribed by the relevant authorities. In addition, at the time of appointment, the Board shall obtain the Director's commitment to devote sufficient time to carry out his responsibilities. Directors are required to notify the Chairman before accepting any new directorship(s). The notification would include an indication of time that will be spent on the new appointment(s). Any Director is, while holding office, at liberty to accept other Board appointment in other companies so long as the appointment is not in conflict with the Company's business and does not affect the discharge of his/her duty as a Director of the Company. To ensure the Directors have the time to focus and fulfill their roles and responsibilities effectively, one (1) criterion as agreed by the Board is that they must not hold directorships at more than five (5) public listed companies as prescribed in Paragraph 15.06 of the MMLR of Bursa Securities.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The criteria used by the Nomination Committee in evaluating the performance of individual, including contribution to interaction, integrity, competency and time commitment of the members of the Board and Board Committees in discharging their duties, are in a set of questionnaires. Each of the Directors will perform a self-assessment on an annually basis. The Board did not engage any external party to undertake an independent assessment of the Directors.

During  the  FY2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  conducted  an  annual  assessment  of  its  Directors and the effectiveness of the Board of Directors as a whole in terms of board mix and composition, boardroom activities and board's relationship with management.

Upon  recommendation  by  the  Nomination  Committee  of  the  proposed  re-election  of  the  relevant directors, the Board had recommended the re-election of the relevant Directors to be tabled at the forthcoming 39 th  AGM for shareholders' approval.

## Principle A: Part 3 - Remuneration

## Intended Outcome 6.0

- The level and composition of remuneration of directors and senior management take into account the company's desire to attract and retain the right talent in the board and senior management to drive the company's long-term objectives.
- Remuneration policies and decisions are made through a transparent and independent process.

## 6.1  Directors' remuneration procedures and policies

Directors'  remuneration  is  generally  benchmarked  against  the  market  average  of  comparable companies  to  attract  talent  and  retain  the  Directors  to  run  the  Company.  It  has  established  a Remuneration Committee ('RC') to review and ensure that the remuneration of its members fairly reflect  the  Board's  and  members'  responsibilities,  the  expertise  required  by  the  Company  and  the complexity of its operations. The said remuneration should also be in line with the business strategy and long-term objectives of the Company.

## 6.2  Remuneration Committee

In line with the best practices of the MCCG, the Board has set up a Remuneration Committee which would comprise majority of Independent Non-Executive Directors to assist the Board for determining the Director's remuneration.

The present members of the Remuneration Committee are as follow: -

Chairman

:   Azmi Bin Osman (Non-Independent Non-Executive Director)

Member

: Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali

(Independent Non-Executive Chairman)

Member

: Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai (Executive Director)

Member

: P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Independent Non-Executive Director)

(Appointed on 12 May 2022)

The Remuneration Committee is primarily responsible for recommending the policy and framework of the remuneration of the directors and senior management, including the terms and remuneration of the executive director(s), to the Board in order to align with the business strategy and long-term objectives of the Company.

The remuneration of Directors and Senior Management are determined at levels which enable the Company to attract and retain Directors and senior management with the relevant experience and expertise to govern the Group effectively.

## Intended Outcome 7.0

- Stakeholders are able to assess whether the remuneration of directors and senior management is  commensurate  with  their  individual  performance,  taking  into  consideration  the  company's performance

## 7.1  Details of the remuneration of Directors

The Board collectively determines the remuneration for the Non-Executive Directors to ensure the same is appropriately reflective of experience and the level of responsibilities and contributions including the number of the scheduled meetings for the Board, board of subsidiaries and Board committees; and competitive compared with the prevalent market practices. Each of the Non-Executive Directors abstains from deliberating and voting on his own remuneration.

A summary of the remuneration of the Directors (including benefit-in-kind) in the Company for services rendered to the Group for the FY2022 is analysed as follows:-

| Directors  Statutory  Others  Total  Fees  Salary  Allowance*  contribution  Benefit  (RM)  (RM)  (RM)  (RM)  (RM)  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji  Mohamed Apandi  Bin Haji Ali  180,000  -  4,000  -  -  184,000  Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin  Mohd Yusoff  16,032  85,961  78,300  12,137  8,333  200,763  Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai  -  144,000  80,800  26,640  18,000  269,440  Edwin Silvester Das  -  360,000  88,300  66,163  130,080  644,543  Azmi Bin Osman  77,516  21,613  9,000  2,742  -  110,871  Dato' Yong Chong Long  (Appointed on  21 October 2022)  16,464  -  -  -  -  16,464  P Ellango A/L Ponramu  (Appointed on 12 May  2022)  76,452  -  2,000  -  -  78,452  Chew Huey Yen  68,645  -  4,000  -  -  72,645  Terence  Cheah Eu Lee  42,000  -  1,000  -  -  43,000  (Appointed on 1 July  2022)  Datuk Seri Tan  Choon Hwa  (Resigned on  22 March 2023)  66,000  8,400  4,800  1,393  -  80,593   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Allowance  include  the  meeting  allowance  for  the  Directors'  attendance  in  Board  and  Board's Committee Meetings.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 7.2  Remuneration of Top Five Senior Management

Senior Management staff are those primarily responsible for managing the business operations and corporate divisions of the Group. The remuneration paid to the top five Senior Management including salary, bonus, benefits-in-kind and other emoluments in band of RM50,000 is as follows:

| ## Range of Remuneration  Total  Below RM50,000  2  RM50,000 - RM150,000  4  RM150,001 - RM250,000  2  RM250,001 - RM350,000  1  RM350,001 - RM450,000  -  RM450,001 - RM550,000  -  RM551,000 - RM600,000  -  RM600,001 - RM650,000  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT

## Principle B: Part 1 - Audit Committee

## Intended Outcome 8.0

- There is an effective and independent Audit Committee.
- The board is able to objectively review the Audit Committee's findings and recommendations.
- The company's financial statement is a reliable source of information

## 8.1  The Chairman of the Audit Committee is not the Chairman of the Board

Practice 1.4 of the MCCG states that the Chairman of the Board should not be a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee or Remuneration Committee.

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali ('Tan Sri Chairman'), is the Chairman of the Board and he is also the member of Nomination Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee, which is a departure from the Practice 1.4 of the MCCG.

The Board believes that Tan Sri Chairman is financially literate and have business as well as financial acumen.  His  experience  and  industry  knowledge  benefit  the  Company  and  shareholders,  which outweigh any perceived disadvantages of being assuming positions of Chairman of the Board and a member of the Board Committee.

However, in acknowledgement of the spirit of the Practice 1.4 of the MCCG, the Company is looking into this matter where the suitable candidate to join the Company as an Independent Director and to sit in the Board Committee by near future.

## 8.2  Former audit partner

Practice 9.2 of the MCCG requires the Audit Committee to have a policy that requires a former audit partner to observe a cooling-off period before being appointed as member of the Audit Committee.

As of 31 December 2022, none of the members of the Board, including the members of the Audit Committee, are former key audit partners of the external auditors appointed by the Group. The Board has no intention to appoint any former key audit partner as a member of the Audit Committee.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 8.3  Suitability, objectivity and independent of the external auditors

The Company has established a transparent arrangement with the External Auditors to meet their professional requirements. From time to time, the External Auditors highlight to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors on matters that require the Board's attention.

The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the audit,  recurring  audit-related  and  non-audit services  provided  by  the  External  Auditors.  The  Audit  Committee  has  been  explicitly  accorded  the power to communicate directly with both the External Auditors and Internal Auditors. The terms of engagement for services provided by the External Auditors are reviewed by the Audit Committee prior to submission to the Board for approval. The effectiveness and performance of the External Auditors are reviewed annually by the Audit Committee.

In assess or determine the suitability and independence of the External Auditors, the Audit Committee has taken into consideration of the following:

- i) the adequacy of the experience and resources of the External Auditors;
2. ii) the External Auditor's ability to meet deadlines in providing services and responding to issues in a timely manner as contemplated in the external audit plan;
3. iii) the  nature  of  the  non-audit  services  provided  by  the  External  Auditors  and  fees  paid  for  such services relative to the audit fee; and
4. iv) whether there are safeguards in place to ensure that there is no threat  to  the  objectivity  and independence of the audit arising from the provision of non-audit services or tenure of the External Auditors.

Annual appointment or re-appointment of the External Auditors is via shareholders' resolution at the Annual General Meeting on the recommendation of the Board. The External Auditors are being invited to attend the AGM of the Company to response and reply to the shareholders' enquiries on the conduct of the statutory audit and the preparation and contents of the audited financial statement.

Where necessary, the Audit Committee will meet with the External Auditors without the presence of Executive Director and members of management to ensure that the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors are not compromised and matters of concerns expressed by the Audit Committee are duly recorded by the Company Secretaries.

In presenting the Audit Planning Memorandum to the Audit Committee, the External Auditors have highlighted  their  internal  policies  and  procedures  with  respect  to  their  audit  independence  and objectivity which include safeguards and procedures and independent policy adopted by the External Auditors. The External Auditors have also provided the required independence declaration to the Audit Committee and the Board for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

The Audit Committee is satisfied with the competence and independence of the External Auditors for the financial year under review. Having regard to the outcome of the annual assessment of the External Auditors, the Board approved the Audit Committee's recommendation for the shareholders' approval to be sought at the Annual General Meeting on the re-appointment of Messrs. UHY as the External Auditors of the Company for the financial year ending 31 December 2023.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 8.4  Qualification of the Audit Committee

All  Audit  Committee  members  are  financially  literate,  and  its  composition  and  performance  are reviewed by the Nomination Committee annually and recommended to the Board for its approval.

Audit Committee members acknowledge the need for continuous education trainings, however, for the year under review, some members of the Audit Committee attended training on the developments in accounting and auditing standards, practices and rules.

## 8.5  Composition of the Audit Committee

This is in compliance with Paragraph 15.09(1)(b) of the MMLR of Bura Securities, which stipulates that all the audit committee members must be non-executive directors, with a majority of them being independent directors.

As of the date of this Statement, the Audit Committee comprises three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors, of whom all are Independent Directors. The Audit Committee is headed by P Ellango A/L Ponramu, who is an Independent Non-Executive Director.

The duties, functions and responsibilities of the Audit Committee is clearly spelt out in their Terms of Reference.

## Intended Outcome 9.0

- Companies  make  informed  decisions  about  the  level  of  risk  they  want  to  take  and  implement necessary controls to pursue their objectives.
- The board is provided with reasonable assurance that adverse impact arising from a foreseeable future event or situation on the company's objectives is mitigated and managed.

## 9.1   Establishment of risk management and internal control framework

The Board is entrusted with the overall responsibility of continually maintaining a sound system of internal control, which covers not only financial controls but also operational and compliance controls as well as risk management, and the need to review its effectiveness regularly in order to safeguard shareholders'  investments  and  the  Company's  assets.  The  internal  control  system  is  designed  to access current and emerging risks, respond appropriate to risks of the Group.

As  an  effort  to  enhance  the  system  of  internal  control,  the  Board  together  with  the  assistance  of external professional Internal Audit firm adopted on-going monitoring and review to the existing risk management process in place within the various business operations, with the aim of formalising the risk management functions across the Group. This function also acts as a source to assist the Audit Committee and the  Board  to  strengthen  and  improve  current  management  and  operating  style  in pursuit of best practices.

As an ongoing process, significant business risks faced by the Group are identified, evaluated and consideration  is  given  on  the  potential  impact  of  achieving  the  business  objectives.  This  includes examining principal business risks in critical areas, assessing the likelihood of material exposures and identifying the measures taken to mitigate, avoid or eliminate these risks.

The Board of Director acknowledges its responsibilities for the Company to maintain a sound system of internal controls covering financials, operations and compliance controls and to safeguard shareholders' investments as well as the Group's assets. While every effort is made to manage the significant risk, by its nature, the system can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. Ongoing reviews are carried out by the Board, with the assistance of the Audit Committee, International Auditors and External Auditors, to safeguard the Group's assets.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

## 9.2 Features of its risk management and internal control framework

The details of the Company's internal control system and framework are set out in the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control on pages 45 of this Annual Report.

## Intended Outcome 10.0

- Companies have an effective governance, risk management and internal control framework and stakeholders are able to assess the effectiveness of such a framework.

## 10.1 Internal Audit Function

The Group has out-sourced the Internal Audit Function to an independent consulting firm to provide an independent assessment of the adequacy, efficiency, effectiveness of the Group's internal control system.  The  Internal  Auditors  reports  directly  to  the  Audit  Committee  on  its  activities  based  on approved annual Internal Audit plan.

The principal responsibility of the Internal Audit Function is to undertake regular and systematic review of the systems of internal control, risk management process and compliance with the Group's established  policies  and  procedures  so  as  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  that  such  systems continue to operate satisfactorily and effectively in the Group. Functionally, the Internal Auditors reviews and assesses the Group's systems of internal control and report to the Audit Committee directly.

Before the commencement of audit reviews for the financial year, an audit plan is produced and presented to the Committee for review and approval. This ensures that the audit direction is in line with the Committee's expectations.

Further details of the activities of the internal audit function are set out in the Audit Committee Report on pages 43 of this Annual Report 2022.

## PRINCIPLE  C:  INTEGRITY  IN  CORPORATE  REPORTING  AND  MEANINGFUL  RELATIONSHIP  WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## Principle C: Part 1 - Communication with Stakeholder

## Intended Outcome 11.0

- There  is  continuous  communication  between  the  company  and  stakeholder  to  facilitate  mutual understanding of each other's objectives and expectations.
- Stakeholders are able to make informed decisions with respect to the business of the company, its policies on governance, the environment and social responsibility.

## 11.1 Effective, transparent and regular communication with its stakeholders

Along with good corporate governance practices, the Group is committed to provide to investors and the public with comprehensive, accurate and material information on a timely basis. The Board recognises  the  importance  of  keeping  the  shareholders  informed  and  updated  of  development concerning the Group. In this regard, the Group strictly adheres to the disclosure requirements of Bursa Securities. The Group practices open communication with its investors.

In  order  to  maintain  its  commitment  of  effective  communication  with  shareholders,  the  Group embrace  the  practice  of  comprehensive,  timely  and  continuing  disclosures  of  information  to  its shareholders as well as the general investing public.

The practice of disclosure of information is to adopt the best practices recommended in the MCCG with  regard  to  strengthening  engagement  and  communication  with  shareholders,  it  is  not  only established just to comply with the MMLR of Bursa Securities.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The  Group  also  endeavour  to  provide  additional  disclosures  of  information  on  a  voluntary  basis, where necessary. The management believes that consistently maintaining a high level of disclosure and extensive communication is vital to shareholders and investors in making informed investment decisions.

## 11.2 Leverage on Information Technology for Effective Dissemination of Information

The Company's website at www.jki.com.my incorporates an Investor Relations section which provides all relevant information on the Company accessible to the public. This section enhances the Investor Relations function by including all announcements made by the Company and its annual reports.

The quarterly financial results are announced via Bursa LINK after the Board's approval. This is important in ensuring equal and fair access to information by the investing public.

Shareholders  and  investors  may  also  forward  their  queries  to  the  Company  via  the  Company's website, www.jki.com.my.

## Intended Outcome 12.0

- Shareholders  are  able  to  participate,  engage  the  board  and  senior  management  effectively  and make informed voting decisions at General Meetings.

## 12.1 Notice for an Annual General Meeting

General meeting serves as a principal platform for the Board and Senior Management to engage with shareholders and encourage effective shareholders' communication on the Company's performance, corporate and business developments and any other matters affecting shareholder interests.

The Company Secretaries, by order of the Board, served a notice of AGM to all shareholders of the Company at least 28 days prior to its forthcoming 39 th  AGM to provide the shareholders sufficient time to consider the proposed resolutions that will be discussed and decided at the 39 th  AGM. Notice of the 39 th  AGM clearly sets out details of the resolutions proposed accompanying with explanatory notes on the rationale of each resolution to enable the shareholders to make informed decision in exercising their voting rights.

The Notice of an AGM also provides information to the shareholders with regard to, amongst others their entitlement to attend the AGM, the right to appoint a proxy and also the qualifications of a proxy.

The  Company  held  its  38 th   AGM  in  year  2022.  In  compliance  with  Practice  13.1  of  the  MCCG, shareholders received Annual Report, Circular and Notice of AGM, which were issued at least 28 days before the date of AGM. The Company served Notice of its 39 th  AGM together with the explanatory notes or a circular on items of special business and Administrative Guide, which furnished useful information regarding conduct of the AGM at least 28 days before the AGM, well in advance of the 21 days requirements under the Companies Act, 2016 and MMLR.

## 12.2 Attendance of Directors at General Meetings

The general meeting also serves as an avenue for the Chairman and the Board members to engage in a two-way communication with shareholders where the shareholders are encouraged to participate in the question-and-answer session with the Board personally and exercise their right to vote on the proposed resolutions.

The Board will ensure that all Board members, particularly the Chairman of each Board committee will make their endeavors to attend general meeting to facilitate engagement with shareholders and to address any relevant questions and concerns raised by the shareholders.

## Corporate Governance Overview Statement (Cont'd)

The external auditors will be present at the AGM to respond to any queries from shareholders on the audit conducted, the preparation and content of the auditors' report, the accounting policies adopted by the Company, and the independent audit review of the Company's financial position.

The 38 th   AGM of the Company held in year 2022 was convened and held via fully virtual basis. All Directors including Chairman of the Board and the respective Chairman of the Board Committees attended the 38 th  AGM to answer any questions put to them and address concerns from shareholders. The External Auditors were also participated in the AGM to address any shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' reports.

## 12.3 Poll Voting

The Company's General Meeting is not held in a remote location. The Company has adopted manual polling for 2022 AGM in line with Paragraph 8.29A of the MMLR of Bursa Securities. At the same time, the Company will appoint at least one (1) scrutineer to validate the votes cast at the general meeting.

As for voting in absentia and remote shareholders' participation, the existing proxy form authorizing proxies or Chairman of meeting is an alternative measure adopted by the Company. Shareholders are allowed to appoint any person(s) as their proxies to attend, participate, speak and vote in his/her stead at a general meeting.

## COMPLIANCE STATEMENT

The Board is satisfied that to the best of its knowledge, the Company is substantially in compliance with the principles and practices set out in the MCCG as well as the relevant MMLR of Bursa Securities for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Any practices in the MCCG which have not been implemented during the financial year will be reviewed by the Board and implemented where possible and relevant to the Group's business.

This Statement is made in accordance with the resolution of the Board dated 12 April 2023.

## STATEMENT OF DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of financial statements prepared for each financial year to give a true and accurate view of the state of the Group and the Company of the results and cash flows of the Group and the Company for the financial year then ended.

In ensuring the preparation of these financial statements, the Directors have observed the following criteria:

- i) Overseeing the overall conduct of the Company's business and that of the Group;
2. ii) Identifying principal risks and ensuring that an appropriate system of internal control exists to manage these risks;
3. iii) Reviewing the adequacy and integrity of Internal Controls System and Management Information System in the Company and within the Group;
4. iv) Adopting suitable accounting policies and apply them consistently;
- v) Making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and
6. vi) Ensuring compliance with application Approved Accounting Standards in Malaysia.

The Directors are responsible for ensuring that proper accounting and other records which are closed with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and ensuring that the financial statements comply with the Listing Requirements, the provisions of the Companies Act 2016 and applicable Approved Accounting Standards in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for taking such reasonable steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to minimise fraud and other irregularities.

The Directors are satisfied that in preparing the financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has used the appropriate accounting policies and applied them consistently and supported by reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates. The Directors also consider that all applicable approved accounting standards have been complied with and further confirm that the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

The Audit Committee ('AC') of Jiankun International Berhad ('Jiankun' or 'the Company') is pleased to present the Audit Committee Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022').

## COMPOSITION

As at the date of this Statement and during FY2022, the Audit Committee presently comprises the following members:

Chairman :

P Ellango A/L Ponramu (Independent Non-Executive Director)

(Appointed on 12 May 2022)

Member :

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Independent Non-Executive Chairman)

Member :

Chew Huey Yen (Independent Non-Executive Director)

(Appointed on 7 March 2022)

During FY2022, the composition of the AC comprises of three (3) members, all of whom are Independent Non-Executive Directors set out below:

- P Ellango A/L Ponramu (appointed as Chairman on 12 May 2022)
- Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali (Independent Non-Executive Chairman)
- Chew Huey Yen (Independent Non-Executive Director)(appointed on 7 March 2022)
- Azmi Bin Osman (resigned on 24 January 2022 as Chairman of AC)
- Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff (resigned on 10 March 2022 as member of AC)

During FY2022, the composition of AC in line with Paragraph 15.09(1) and (2) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities and Step Up Practice 9.4 of the MCCG, which stipulated that the AC should comprise solely of Independent Directors.

The Committee has a clear written Terms of Reference ('TOR') defining its functions, qualifications for membership, scope of duties and responsibilities, as well as governing the manner in which the Committee is to  operate and how decisions are to be made.

## TERMS OF REFERENCE

The full TOR of the AC which set out its duties and responsibilities are accessible on the Company's website at www.jki.com.my.

## ATTENDANCE

During the FY2022, five (5) meetings were held and the details of the attendance of each member at the AC meeting are as follows:-

| Name of Members  Designation  No. of Meetings Attended  P Ellango A/L Ponramu  Chairman  3/3  (Appointed on 12 May 2022)  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali  Member  4/5  Chew Huey Yen  Member  4/4  (Appointed on 7 March 2022)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Other  Board  members,  Financial  Controller  and  representatives  of  the  External  Auditors  and  Internal Auditors were present by invitation to brief the Committee on specific issues, as and when necessary, with the Company Secretaries in attendance.

## Audit Committee Report (Cont'd)

## SUMMARY OF ACTIVITIES OF THE AC

The activities of the Audit Committee during the FY2022 include the following:

- a) Reviewed  the  unaudited  quarterly  financial  reports  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  including  the announcements pertaining thereto, before recommending to the Board for their approval and release of the Group's results to Bursa Securities;
- b) Reviewed with external auditors on their audit planning memorandum on the statutory audit of the Group for the FY2022;
- c) Reviewed the annual audited financial statements of the Group before recommending to the Board for their approval and release of the Group's results to Bursa Securities;
- d) Reviewed  and  discussed  with  the  external  auditors  of  their  audit  findings  inclusive  of  system evaluation, audit fees, issues raised, audit recommendations and management's response to these recommendations;
- e) Evaluated the performance of the external auditors for the FY2022 covering areas such as calibre, quality processes, audit team, audit scope, audit communication, audit governance and independence and considered and recommended the re-appointment of the external auditors;
- f) Reviewed and assessed the adequacy of the scope and functions of the internal audit plan;
- g) Reviewed the internal audit reports presented and considered the findings of internal audit through the review of the internal audit reports tabled and management responses thereof;
- h) Reviewed the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal control;
- i) Reviewed the proposed fees for the external auditors and internal auditors in respect of their audit of the Company and the Group;
- j) Reviewed related party transactions and conflict of interest situation that may arise within the Company or the Group;
- k) Reviewed the Company's compliance with the MMLR, applicable Approved Accounting Standards and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements;
- l) Reviewed the Audit Committee Report and Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control before recommending to the Board for approval and inclusion in the Annual Report; and
- m) Report to the Board on its activities and significant findings and results.

## INTRODUCTION

Paragraph 15.26(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities requires the Board of Directors of the Company to make a statement in this Annual Report about the state of risk management and internal control in the Company as a Group. The Board of Directors recognise the importance of good practice  of  corporate  governance  and  is  committed  to  maintain  a  sound  system  of  internal  control  to safeguard shareholders' investments and Group's assets.  The Board is pleased to provide the following Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control which has been prepared in accordance with the 'Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control - Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers'.

## BOARD RESPONSIBILITY

The Board acknowledges its overall responsibility for the Group's system of internal control and maintaining a sound risk management framework and reviewing its adequacy and integrity to safeguard shareholders' investment and the Company's assets.  The review of the Group's risk management and system of internal control is a concerted and continuing process.  In view of the inherent in any system of internal control, the system of internal control is designed to manage risks to tolerable levels rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, Hence, the Directors can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board has received assurance from the Financial Controller and Chief Executive Officer that the Group's risk management and internal control is operating adequately and effectively, in all material aspects based on the risk management and internal control system of the Group.

## KEY ELEMENTS OF INTERNAL CONTROL

## CONTROL ENVIRONMENT AND CONTROL ACTIVITIES

- Organisation structure with clearly defined lines of responsibility, authority and accountability;
- Clearly defined authorisation limits at appropriate levels are set out in an authority matrix for controlling and managing business operations;
- Experienced and competent staffs are placed in areas of responsibility to support and continuously monitor the effectiveness of the Group's system of internal control;
- Policies and procedures for key business processes are formalised and documented for implementation and continuous improvements.  These policies are subject to regular reviews to meet new business required.

## MONITORING AND COMMUNICATION

- Regular meetings are held covering financial, business development and operations and to identify, assessment and mitigate any potential risk face by the Group timely;
- Regular Board meetings are held to deliberate the financial, operation and business strategic;
- Senior Management and the Board member's visit to site at appropriate time to mitigate any potential risk at site;
- Regular review of business processes to assess the effectiveness of internal controls by the independent internal auditor.  Reports on findings of the internal audit are presented to the Audit Committee and subsequently recommendation to the Board for consideration for necessary action to be carried out by Management;
- Regularly review the management accounts and reports to monitoring of actual performance; and
- Review of financial and non-financial indicator to determine the Group performance.
- Review of potential new investment to determine the feasibility for the Group to invest.

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

## Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control (Cont'd)

## RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board and the Management practice risks identification in the operations and activities of the Group particular to undertake with new proposed transactions, changes in the business activities and as well as the regulatory requirement of the industry which may entail to difference risks in carry out businesses of the Group.

The President, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director and Financial Controller will be responsible to update the Audit Committee and the Board on any changes in material risk face by the Group.

## INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTIONS

Independent internal auditor reviews the internal control are essential to provide an objective assurance to the Board.

At present, the review mechanism is under the purview of the Audit Committee.  The internal auditor report will be directed to the Audit Committee and are responsible to conduct reviews on the systems on risk management and internal control; report the weaknesses of the systems on risk management and internal control; and to provide essential recommendations for improvement to the management.

During the financial year, the internal auditors had performed the an internal audit due to the completion of project and handed over to buyers which limited the internal auditors to assess various risk audit.

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the internal auditor had carried out internal audit reviews and follow up as follow:

| Audit Period  Reporting Month  Audited Areas  Financial year ended  31 December 2022  November 2022  Internal audit reviews on internal control environment  of  the  Property  Management  functions  of  JKI  Development Sdn Bhd (Amani Residences).   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial year ended 31 December 2022 November 2022   Internal audit reviews on internal control environment of the Property Management functions of JKI Development Sdn Bhd (Amani Residences).

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the total fee incurred for the outsourced internal audit function were RM20,000.

## CONCLUSION

For the year under review and up to the date of issuance of the statement in the Annual Report, the Board is of the opinion that current internal control system is in place, adequate and effective to safeguard the interests and assets of the Group.  The Board will continually assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control system.  The Board will strengthen the risk management and internal control system as necessary.

## REVIEW OF STATEMENT BY THE EXTERNAL AUDITORS

The external auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control for inclusion in this Annual Report and had reported to the Board that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the statement is inconsistent with their understanding of the process adopted by the Board in reviewing the adequacy and integrity of the risk management and system of internal control.

## ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION

## 1. AUDIT AND NON-AUDIT FEES PAID TO EXTERNAL AUDITORS

During the financial year, the amount of audit and non-audit fees paid/payable to the external auditors by the Company and the Group respectively for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 were as follows:

| Company  Group  (RM)  (RM)  Audit Services Rendered  46,000  172,554  Non-Audit Services Rendered  (a)  Review of Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control  5,000  5,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. REVALUATION POLICY

The Company does not have a revaluation policy on landed properties.

## 3. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND CONTRACTS RELATING TO LOAN

During the financial year under review, there was no other material contract and/or contracts relating to loan entered into by the Company and/or its subsidiary companies involving Directors and Major Shareholders' interests.

## 4. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS

On  14  December  2022,  Jiankun  completed  the  2022  Private  Placement,  raising  total  proceeds  of RM18.56 million. The said proceeds have been utilised as follows:

| Estimated  timeframe for  utilisation  Proceeds  Actual  Balance  from listing of  raised  utilisation  unutilised  placement  Details of utilisation of proceeds  (RM'000)  (RM'000)  (RM'000)  shares  Funding for the One Le Tower project (1)  18,182  957  17,225  Within 18  months  Estimated expenses for the 2022  379  379  -  Immediate  Private Placement  Total  18,561  1,336  17,225   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- (1) The One Le Tower project involves construction of a 10-storey 160 units service apartment on a parcel of land held under Lot PT 497, Pekan Klebang Seksyen II, Daerah Melaka Tengah, Melaka measuring approximately 4,949 square meters, where the Group has been appointed as the main contractor of the aforesaid project.

The  Group  has  utilised  the  proceeds  raised  for,  amongst  others,  payments  to  contractors,  suppliers, consultants, material costs, earthwork, piling works, site clearing, building and external works, staff costs as well as payment to the relevant authorities. As at the LPD, the Company is undergoing the structural works of the One Le Tower and the project is expected to be completed by fourth quarter of 2023.

## Additional Compliance Information (Cont'd)

## 5. SHARE ISSUANCE SCHEME

The Share Issuance Scheme of the Company ('SIS') is governed by the SIS By-Laws and was approved by shareholders on 24 March 2021 and shall be in force for a period of five (5) years and may be extended for such further period, at the sole and absolute discretion of the Board upon the recommendation by the SIS Committee, provided always that the Initial Scheme Period above and such extension of the scheme made pursuant to the Bylaws shall not in aggregate exceed a duration of ten (10) years or such other period as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities or any other relevant authorities from the effective date of the SIS.

The SIS implemented on 9 July 2021 and offered 31,180,000 SIS Options to eligible employees on 3 August 2021.

Movement of the number of share options and the weighted average exercise prices are as follows: -

| Number of options over Ordinary Shares  Exercise  At  At  Price  1.1.2022  Granted  Exercised  Lapsed  31.12.2022  Date of Offer  ('000)  ('000)  ('000)  ('000)  ('000)  ('000)  3 August 2021  0.27  31,181  -  (31,181)  -  -  29 November 2022  0.192  -  17,627  -  -  17,627   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please refer to page 150 and page 151 of the Annual Report 2022 for the further details on the SIS.

<!-- image -->

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Directors' Report  50  Statement By Directors  57  Statutory Declaration  58  Independent Auditors' Report To The Members  59  Statements Of Financial Position  67  Statements Of Profit Or Loss And Other  69  Comprehensive Income  Statements Of Changes In Equity  71  Statements Of Cash Flows  77  Notes To The Financial Statements  81   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  Directors  of  Jiankun  International  Berhad  hereby  present  their  report  and  the  audited financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## Principal Activities

The principal activities  of  the  Company  consist  of  the  provision  of  management  services  and investment holding.

The details of the Company's subsidiaries are as disclosed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

## Financial Results

The results of the Group and of the Company for the financial year are as follows:

| Group  Company  RM  RM  Loss for the financial year  17,272,259  30,105,779  Attributable to:  Owners of the parent  17,270,615  Non-controlling interests  1,644  17,272,259   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  results  of  operations  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company during the financial year have not been substantially affected by any item, transactions or event of a material and unusual nature.

## Reserves and Provisions

All  material  transfers  to  or  from  reserves  and  provisions  during  the  financial  year  are  as disclosed in Note 16 to the financial statements.

Registration No.

## Dividend

No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company since the end of the previous financial year. The Directors do not recommend any dividend payment in respect of the current financial year.

## Issuance of Shares and Debentures

During the financial year, the Company issued:

- (a) 98,000,000  new  ordinary  shares  at  issue  price  ranging  from  RM0.185  to  RM0.192  per ordinary share for a total cash consideration of RM18,560,500 through private placement; and
- (b) 31,180,800  new  ordinary  shares  through  the  exercise  of  the  Share  Issuance  Scheme ('SIS') Options at an issue price of RM0.27  for  a total cash consideration of RM8,418,816.

The new ordinary shares issued during the financial year ranked pari passu in all respect with the existing ordinary shares of the Company.

There was no issuance of debentures during the financial year.

## Options Granted Over Unissued Shares

No options were granted to any person to take up unissued shares of the Company during the financial year apart from the issue of options pursuant to the Share Issuance Scheme ('SIS').

At  an  Extraordinary  General  Meeting  held  on  24  March  2021,  the  Company's  shareholders approved the establishment of SIS of not more than 15% of the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company at the point of time throughout the duration of the scheme to eligible Directors and employees of the Group. The salient features and other terms of the SIS are disclosed in the Note 31 to the financial statements.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 2 -

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

- 3 -

## Options Granted Over Unissued Shares (Cont'd)

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  options  offered  to  take  up  unissued  ordinary  shares  and  the exercise price are as follows:

| Exercise  At  At  Date of offer  price  1.1.2022  Granted  Exercised  31.12.2022  3 August 2021  RM     0.27  31,180,800  -  (31,180,800)  -  29 November 2022  RM     0.19  -  17,627,200  -  17,627,200  31,180,800  17,627,200  (31,180,800)  17,627,200  ## Number of options over ordinary shares   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Directors

The Directors of the Company in office during the financial year and during the period from the end of the financial year to the date of this report are:

Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali

Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff*

Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai*

Edwin Silvester Das*

Azmi Bin Osman

Chew Huey Yen

P Ellango A/L Ponramu

(Appointed on 12 May 2022)

Terence Cheah Eu Lee

(Appointed on 1 July 2022)

Dato' Yong Chong Long

(Appointed on 21 October 2022)

Datuk Seri Tan Choon Hwa*

(Resigned on 22 March 2023)

* Director of the Company and its subsidiary companies

The information required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 253 of the Companies Act, 2016 is deemed  incorporated  herein  by  such  reference  to  the  financial  statements  of  the  respective subsidiary companies and made a part thereof.

Registration No.

## Directors' Interests

The interests in shares and options over shares in the Company and in a related corporation of those  who  were  Directors  of  the  Company  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  according  to  the Register of Directors' Shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 59 of the Companies Act, 2016 are as follows:

| At  At  1.1.2022  Sold  31.12.2022  Interests in the Company  Direct interests  Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai  2,000,000  -  (2,000,000)  -  Datuk Seri Tan Choon Hwa  160,000  2,494,400  -  2,654,400  Azmi Bin Osman  -  14,958,000  (9,833,000)  5,125,000  Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin  Mohd Yusoff  -  22,940,000  (1,940,000)  21,000,000  Dato' Yong Chong Long  -  24,000,000  -  24,000,000  ## Number of ordinary shares  Bought  At  At  1.1.2022  Exercise  31.12.2022  Interests in the Company  Direct interests  Datuk Seri Tan Choon Hwa  2,494,400  4,700,600  (2,494,400)  4,700,600  Edwin Silvester Das  11,225,200  9,401,200  (11,225,200)  9,401,200  Azmi Bin Osman  11,225,000  -  (11,225,000)  -  ## Number of options over ordinary shares  Granted   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the other Directors in office at the end of the financial year had any interest in shares in the Company or its related corporations during the financial year.

## Directors' Benefits

Since the end of the previous financial year, none of the Directors of the Company has received or become entitled to receive a benefit (other than a benefit included in the aggregate amount of remuneration  received  or  due  and  receivable  by  Directors  as  shown  below)  by  reason  of  a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the director or with a firm of which the Director is a member, or with a Company in which he has a substantial financial interest.

During and at the end of the financial year, no arrangement subsisted to which the Company was a party whereby directors of the Company might acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 4 -

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

## Directors' Benefits (Cont'd)

The details of the Directors' remuneration paid/payable to the Directors of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are as follows:

| Group  Company  RM  RM  Executive Directors  - Salaries and other emoluments  942,274  10,000  - Defined contribution plans  107,484  -  - Social security contributions  10,707  -  1,060,465  10,000  Non-Executive Directors  - Fees  543,129  543,129  - Other emoluments  33,700  33,700  576,829  576,829  Total  1,637,294  586,829   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Indemnity and Insurance Costs

During the financial year, the total amount of indemnity coverage and insurance premium paid for  the  Directors  and  certain  officers  of  the  Company  were  RM5,000,000  and  RM15,380 respectively. No indemnity was given to or insurance effected for auditors of the Company.

## Other Statutory Information

- (a) Before  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  were  prepared,  the Directors took reasonable steps:
- (i) to ascertain that action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of allowance for doubtful debts and satisfied themselves that there were no bad debts to be written off and no allowance for doubtful debts was required; and
- (ii) to ensure that any current assets which were unlikely to be realised in the ordinary course of business including the value of current assets as shown in the accounting records of the Group and of the Company have been written down to an amount which the current assets might be expected so to realise.
- (b) At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
- (i) which  would  render  it  necessary  to  write  off  any  bad  debts  or  to  make  any allowance for  doubtful  debts  in  the  financial  statements  of the  Group  and of  the Company; or

- 5 -

Registration No.

## Other Statutory Information (Cont'd)

- (b) At the date of this report, the Directors are not aware of any circumstances: (Cont'd)
- (ii) which  would  render  the  values  attributed  to  the  current  assets  in  the  financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading; or
- (iii) not otherwise dealt with in this report or the financial statements of the Group and of the Company which would render any amount stated in the financial statements misleading; or
- (iv) which  have  arisen  which  would  render  adherence  to  the  existing  method  of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.
- (c) At the date of this report, there does not exist:
- (i) any charge on the assets of the Group and of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year which secures the liabilities of any other person; or
- (ii) any contingent liability in respect of the Group or of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year.
- (d) In the opinion of the Directors:
- (i) no  contingent  liability  or  other  liability  has  become  enforceable  or  is  likely  to become  enforceable  within  the  period  of  twelve  months  after  the  end  of  the financial  year  which  will  or  may  affect  the  ability  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company to meet their obligations when they fall due;
- (ii) the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were not substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature; and
- (iii) there has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this report is made.

## Subsidiary Companies

The details of the subsidiary companies are disclosed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 6 -

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Directors' Report (Cont'd)

## Auditors' Remuneration

The details of the auditors' remuneration for the financial year are as follows:

| Group  Company  RM  RM  Auditors' remuneration  - Statutory audit  172,554  46,000  - Non-statutory audit  5,000  5,000  177,554  51,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Auditors

The auditors, UHY have indicated their willingness to continue in office.

Signed on behalf of the Board, as approved by the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors,

EDWIN SILVESTER DAS

DATO' IR LIM SIANG CHAI

KUALA LUMPUR

28 April 2023

- 7 -

- 8 -

## STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016 STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

## PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

The  Directors  of  Jiankun  International  Berhad  state  that,  in  their  opinion,  the  accompanying financial statements are drawn up in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the  financial position of the Group  and of the Company as of 31 December 2022 and of the financial performance and of the cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the year ended on that date.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors,

EDWIN SILVESTER DAS

DATO' IR LIM SIANG CHAI

KUALA LUMPUR

28 April 2023

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## STATUTORY DECLARATION

## - 9 PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1)(B) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

## DECLARATION  BY THE OFFICER PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY

PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1)(b) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

I,  Wong  Kok  Fong  (MIA  Membership  No:  28396),  the  Officer  primarily  responsible  for  the financial management of Jiankun International Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the  accompanying  financial  statements  are,  in  my  opinion,  correct  and  I  make  this  solemn declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of the Statutory Declarations Act, 1960.

WONG KOK FONG

Subscribed  and  solemnly  declared  by  the  abovenamed  Wong  Kok  Fong  at  Kuala  Lumpur  in Federal Territory, this 28 April 2023.

Before me,

Subscribed  and  solemnly  declared  by  the  abovenamed  Wong  Kok  Fong  at  Kuala  Lumpur  in Federal Territory, this 28 April 2023.

Before me,

COMMISSIONER FOR OATHS

- 10 -

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Jiankun International Berhad, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 31 December 2022 of the Group and of the Company, and the  statements  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  statements  of  changes  in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 67 to 171 .

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  of  their  financial performance  and  their  cash  flows  for  the  financial  year  then  ended  in  accordance  with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International  Standards  on  Auditing.  Our  responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independence and Other Ethical Responsibilities

We are independent of the Group and  of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (on Professional  Ethics,  Conduct  and  Practice) of  the  Malaysian  Institute  of  Accountants  ('ByLaws') and the International  Ethics  Standards Board for  Accountants' International  Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) ('IESBA Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

- 11 -

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, was of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements of the Group  and  of  the  Company  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

| ## Key Audit Matters  ## How we addressed the key audit matters  ## 1. Investment properties  The  investment  properties  of  the  Group amounted to RM24.2 million are situated in  HuiZhou,  China.  and  audited  by  a component auditor.  Investment properties are measured initially  at  cost  and  subsequently  at  fair value with any changes therein recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they arise.  The fair value of the investment properties was determined by the Directors based on valuations advised by the  independent  valuers  by  reference  to market evidence of transaction prices of similar properties or comparable available market data.  - We  have  issued  Group  Audit  Instruction ('GAI') and further communicated  and discussed  with the  component  auditors' on audit  approach,  audit  findings  and  results relating to the investment properties.  - We have discussed with component auditors and reviewed audit working papers prepared by component auditors  - We  have  obtained  the  GAI  deliverables from component auditors and evaluated whether sufficient appropriate audit evidence  has  been  obtained  to  base  the group audit opinion.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 12 -

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

## Key Audit Matters (Cont'd)

| ## Key Audit Matters  ## How we addressed the key audit matters  2. Revenue and cost recognition for property development activities  The Group are involved in property development  activities  which  span  more than  one  accounting  period.  The  revenue from  property  development  activities  is recognised over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete  satisfaction  of  the  performance obligation. The Group uses the percentage of  completion  method  in  accounting  for the progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligations.  We identified revenue and property development costs as key audit matters as significant  management  judgement  and estimates  are  involved  in  estimating  in total property development costs.  - We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls put in place by the Group in respect of revenue recognition of property development activities.  - We  checked the reasonableness of the property development costs of projects, by agreeing to supporting documentation such as approved budgets, letter of awards, contracts and correspondences.  - We verified, the property development costs incurred to date to supporting documents such as sub-contractors' progress claims, invoices from vendors and recalculating  the  percentage  of  completion at the reporting date.  - We evaluated the project progress to supporting evidences to verify architect certificates and interview with project team.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 13 -

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report

## (Incorporated in Malaysia) To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

Key Audit Matters (Cont'd)

| Key Audit Matters  How we addressed the key audit matters  2.  Revenue  and  cost  recognition  for  property development activities (Cont'd)  Key management judgements and estimate include:  -  estimating the budgeted costs to complete each project;    the  percentage  of  completion  at  the  end of the reporting period.  Changes in theses judgements could lead to  a  material  change  in  the  value  of revenue recognised.  - We  checked  the revenue  recognised  for property development, by agreeing to supporting documents  such  as  contracts, letter of awards and contracted selling price of the property development units.  We checked  the  mathematical  accuracy  of  the revenue and profit based on the percentage of completion calculations.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 14 -

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

## Information Other Than the Financial Statements and Auditors' Report Thereon

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises  the  information  included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors' report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, our responsibility  is  to  read  the  other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company  or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this  other  information,  we  are  required  to  report  that  fact.  We  have  nothing  to  report  in  this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group  and  of  the  Company  that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia. The Directors are also responsible for such  internal  control  as  the  Directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company,  the  Directors  are responsible for assessing the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

- 15 -

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors'  report  that  includes  our  opinion.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and International Standards on Auditing, we  exercise professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

-  Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group  and  of  the  Company,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from  fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
-  Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's and of the Company's internal control.
-  Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

- 16 -

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Cont'd)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and International Standards on Auditing, we  exercise professional  judgement  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: (Cont'd)

-  Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  Directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of accounting  and,  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's or the Company's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures  in  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  or,  if  such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditors'  report.  However,  future  events  or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
-  Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group  and  of  the  Company,  including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-  Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the entities  or  business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  financial statements of the Group. We  are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  the  Directors  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also  provide  the  Directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and  where  applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

- 17 -

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD (CONT'D) [Registration No.: 198301015973 (111365-U)] Independent Auditors' Report To The Members Of Jiankun International Berhad (Cont'd)

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Cont'd)

From the  matters  communicated with  the  Directors,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our  auditors'  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in  our  report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably be  expected  to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiary  companies  of  which  we  have  not  acted  as  auditors,  are  disclosed  in  Note  8  to  the financial statements.

## Other Matter

This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266  of  the  Companies  Act  2016  in  Malaysia  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.

UHY Firm Number: AF 1411 Chartered Accountants

TEOH WEI YEIN Approved Number: 03655/04/2024 J Chartered Accountant

KUALA LUMPUR

28 April 2023

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

## AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  4  764,696  622,333  2,512  3,997  Goodwill  5  -  -  -  -  Investment properties  6  24,185,794  27,653,614  -  -  Right-of-use assets  7  4,101,057  -  -  -  Investment in subsidiary  companies  8  -  -  16,763,004  17,443,627  Other receivables  9  -  -  -  -  29,051,547  28,275,947  16,765,516  17,447,624  Current assets  Inventories  10  32,802,119  28,177,253  -  -  Contract assets  11  4,204,043  45,415,233  -  -  Trade receivables  12  8,635,057  7,298,985  -  -  Other receivables  9  32,198,937  6,593,491  29,802  176,851  Amount due from subsidiary  companies  13  -  -  34,308,237  35,133,189  Tax recoverable  1,470,607  384,663  -  -  Deposits, bank and  cash  balances  14  17,801,761  6,277,102  915,985  1,603,024  97,112,524  94,146,727  35,254,024  36,913,064  Total assets  126,164,071  122,422,674  52,019,540  54,360,688  EQUITY  Share capital  15  70,734,025  41,640,651  70,734,025  41,640,651  Reserves  16  22,945,978  39,097,042  (21,024,350)  9,138,393  Non-controlling interests  288,072  -  -  -  Total equity  93,968,075  80,737,693  49,709,675  50,779,044  Group  Company   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D) Statements Of Financial Position As At 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Deferred tax liabilites  17  6,474,511  8,622,842  -  -  Bank borrowings  18  3,192,674  -  -  -  9,667,185  8,622,842  -  -  Current liabilities  Trade payables  19  4,283,921  1,792,203  -  -  Other payables  20  17,759,958  30,071,126  243,755  348,534  Bank borrowings  18  201,455  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  21  86,192  -  -  -  Amount due to Directors  22  197,285  -  -  -  Amount due to subsidiary  companies  13  -  -  2,066,110  3,233,110  Provision for taxation  -  1,198,810  -  -  22,528,811  33,062,139  2,309,865  3,581,644  Total liabilities  32,195,996  41,684,981  2,309,865  3,581,644  Total equity and liabilities  126,164,071  122,422,674  52,019,540  54,360,688  Group  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  Revenue  23  8,150,969  59,939,948  -  -  Cost of sales  (8,621,865)  (39,534,322)  -  -  Gross (loss)/profit  (470,896)  20,405,626  -  -  Other income  334,669  619,918  5,836  1,304  Administrative expenses  (19,153,642)  (12,122,380)  (5,025,697)  (3,407,936)  Distribution costs  (127,082)  (114,014)  -  -  Net gain/(loss) on impairment  of financial instruments  5,283  (4,244,728)  (25,085,918)  -  (Loss)/Profit from operations  (19,411,668)  4,544,422  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Finance costs  24  (56,609)  (7,239)  -  -  (Loss)/Profit before tax  25  (19,468,277)  4,537,183  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Taxation  26  2,196,018  (2,386,282)  -  -  (Loss)/Profit for the  financial year  (17,272,259)  2,150,901  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Group  Company   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D) Statements Of Profit Or Loss And Other Comprehensive Income For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Company  Other comprehensive  income  Items that are or  may be reclassified  subsequently to  profit or loss  Exchange translation  differences for foreign  operations  1,176,515  676,309  -  -  Total comprehensive  (loss)/income for the  financial year  (16,095,744)  2,827,210  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  (Loss)/Profit for the  financial year  attributable:  Owners of the parent  (17,270,615)  2,150,901  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Non-controlling interests  (1,644)  -  -  -  (17,272,259)  2,150,901  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Total comprehensive  (loss)/income  attributable:  Owners of the parent  (16,094,100)  2,827,210  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Non-controlling interests  (1,644)  -  -  -  (16,095,744)  2,827,210  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  (Loss)/Earning per share (sen)  Basic  27(a)  (6.90)  1.26  -  -  Diluted  27(b)  (6.84)  1.22  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

Attributable to the owners of the parent

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Share Issuance  Foreign Currency  Scheme  Non-  Share  Translation  Option  Retained  Controlling  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Total  Interests  Equity  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  At 1 January 2022  41,640,651  4,546,877  2,114,058  32,436,107  80,737,693  -  80,737,693  Loss for the financial year  -  -  -  (17,270,615)  (17,270,615)  (1,644)  (17,272,259)  Foreign exchange translation reserve  -  1,176,515  -  -  1,176,515  -  1,176,515  Total comprehensive loss  for the financial year  -  1,176,515  -  (17,270,615)  (16,094,100)  (1,644)  (16,095,744)  Balance carried forward  -  1,176,515  -  (17,270,615)  (16,094,100)  (1,644)  (16,095,744)  Non-Distributable   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D)

## Statements Of Changes In Equity For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## Attributable to the owners of the parent

| Share Issuance  Foreign Currency  Scheme  Non-  Share  Translation  Option  Retained  Controlling  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Earnings  Total  Interests  Equity  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  -  1,176,515  -  (17,270,615)  (16,094,100)  (1,644)  (16,095,744)  15  18,560,500  -  -  -  18,560,500  -  18,560,500  15  10,532,874  -  (2,114,058)  -  8,418,816  -  8,418,816  16  -  -  2,057,094  -  2,057,094  -  2,057,094  8  -  -  -  -  -  289,716  289,716  29,093,374  -  (56,964)  -  29,036,410  289,716  29,326,126  70,734,025  5,723,392  2,057,094  15,165,492  93,680,003  288,072  93,968,075  Non-Distributable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Balance brought forward

Transaction with owners:

Issuance of ordianry shares:

- private placement

- exercise of SIS options

Grant of SIS options

Non-controlling interests arising from acquisition of

subsidiary company

Total transactions with owners

At 31 December 2022

Note

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D)

## Attributable to the owners of the parent

## Statements Of Changes In Equity For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Share Issuance  Retained  Foreign Currency  Scheme  Earnings/  Share  Translation  Warrants  Option  (Accumulated  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Losses)  Equity  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  45,291,145  3,870,568  13,376,860  -  (2,657,653)  59,880,920  -  -  -  -  2,150,901  2,150,901  -  676,309  -  -  -  676,309  -  676,309  -  -  2,150,901  2,827,210  -  676,309  -  -  2,150,901  2,827,210  Non-Distributable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Group

At 1 January 2021

Profit for the financial year

Foreign exchange translation reserve

Total comprehensive income for the financial year

Balance carried forward

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D)

## Statements Of Changes In Equity For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Attributable to the owners of the parent

| Share Issuance  Retained  Foreign Currency  Scheme  Earnings/  Share  Translation  Warrants  Option  (Accumulated  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Reserve  Losses)  Equity  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Balance brought forward  -  676,309  -  -  2,150,901  2,827,210  Transaction with owners:  Issuance of ordianry shares:  - private placement  15  12,477,281  -  -  -  -  12,477,281  - exercise of warrants  15  5,372,225  -  (1,934,001)  -  -  3,438,224  - warrants expired  15  -  -  (11,442,859)  -  11,442,859  -  Grant of SIS options  16  -  -  -  2,114,058  -  2,114,058  Share capital reduction  15  (21,500,000)  -  -  -  21,500,000  -  Total transactions with owners  (3,650,494)  -  (13,376,860)  2,114,058  32,942,859  18,029,563  At 31 December 2021  41,640,651  4,546,877  -  2,114,058  32,436,107  80,737,693  Non-Distributable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D)

## Attributable to the owners of the parent

Company

## Statements Of Changes In Equity For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Share Issuance  Scheme  Share  Option  Retained  Total  Capital  Reserve  Earnings  Equity  RM  RM  RM  RM  41,640,651  2,114,058  7,024,335  50,779,044  -  -  (30,105,779)  (30,105,779)  18,560,500  -  -  18,560,500  10,532,874  (2,114,058)  -  8,418,816  -  2,057,094  -  2,057,094  29,093,374  (56,964)  -  29,036,410  70,734,025  2,057,094  (23,081,444)  49,709,675  Non-Distributable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note

15 15 16

- private placement

- exercise of SIS options

Grant of SIS options

At 1 January 2022

Loss for the financial year, representing total comprehensive loss for the financial year

Transactions with owners:

Issuance of ordianry shares:

Total transactions with owners

At 31 December 2022

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D)

## Statements Of Changes In Equity For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## Attributable to the owners of the parent

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

| Share Issuance  Retained  Scheme  Earnings/  Share  Warrants  Option  (Accumulated  Total  Capital  Reserve  Reserve  Losses)  Equity  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Company  At 1 January 2021  45,291,145  13,376,860  -  (22,511,892)  36,156,113  Loss for the financial year, representing total  comprehensive loss for the financial year  -  -  -  (3,406,632)  (3,406,632)  Transactions with owners:  Issuance of ordianry shares:  - private placement  15  12,477,281  -  -  -  12,477,281  - exercise of warrants  15  5,372,225  (1,934,001)  -  -  3,438,224  - warrants expired  15  -  (11,442,859)  -  11,442,859  -  Grant of SIS options  16  -  -  2,114,058  -  2,114,058  Share capital reduction  15  (21,500,000)  -  -  21,500,000  -  Total transactions with owners  (3,650,494)  (13,376,860)  2,114,058  32,942,859  18,029,563  At 31 December 2021  41,640,651  -  2,114,058  7,024,335  50,779,044  Non-Distributable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Cash Flows from Operating  Activities  (Loss)/Profit before tax  (19,468,277)  4,537,183  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of :  - property, plant and equipment  124,964  53,503  1,035  1,679  - right-of-use assets  72,511  201,935  -  -  Fair value loss on  investment properties  4,961,893  3,076,533  -  -  Finance costs  56,609  7,239  -  -  Finance income  (265,248)  (133,164)  (1,529)  (1,304)  Gain on termination of  lease contract  -  (11,174)  -  -  Impairment loss on goodwill  3,271,484  2,399,998  -  -  Impairment loss on  investment of subsidiary  -  -  1,380,623  -  Impairment loss on  amount due from subsidiary  -  -  25,085,918  -  Impairment loss on  other receivables  -  4,244,728  -  -  Property, plant and  equipment written off  450  119  450  -  Reversal of impairment loss  on trade receivables  (5,282)  -  -  -  Share based payments expenses  2,057,094  2,114,058  2,057,094  2,114,058  Unrealised gain on  foreign exchange  (1,494,073)  (1,868,737)  -  -  Operating (loss)/profit before  working capital changes  (10,687,875)  14,622,221  (1,582,188)  (1,292,199)  Group  Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (4,624,866)  (10,925,330)  -  -  Trade receivables  (1,336,072)  (1,898,223)  -  -  Other receivables  (21,931,683)  (4,897,432)  147,049  (110,930)  Trade payables  2,491,718  (3,357,801)  -  -  Other payables  (14,040,034)  12,436,346  (104,779)  284,432  Contract assets  41,211,190  (32,433,795)  -  -  1,770,253  (41,076,235)  42,270  173,502  Cash used in operations  (8,917,622)  (26,454,014)  (1,539,918)  (1,118,697)  Interest received  265,248  133,164  1,529  1,304  Interest paid  (56,609)  (7,239)  -  -  Tax refunded  -  204,617  -  -  Tax paid  (2,569,761)  (2,594,946)  -  -  (2,361,122)  (2,264,404)  1,529  1,304  Net cash used in  operating activities  (11,278,744)  (28,718,418)  (1,538,389)  (1,117,393)  Cash Flows from Investing  Activities  Acquisition of property, plant  and equipment  (267,777)  (552,139)  -  -  Acquisition of subsidiary  company  (4,718,474)  -  (700,000)  -  Acquisition of right of use  asset  (4,092,000)  -  -  -  Advance from  subsidiary companies  -  -  (24,260,966)  (13,695,624)  Net cash used in  investing activities  (9,078,251)  (552,139)  (24,960,966)  (13,695,624)  Group  Company   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  Cash Flows from Financing  Activities  Repayment to subsidiary  companies  -  -  (1,167,000)  -  Increase in fixed  deposit pledge  (146,787)  -  -  -  Payment of lease liabilities  (29,590)  (190,761)  -  -  Drawdown of borrowings  3,394,129  -  -  -  Advance from/(Repayment to)  directors  28,589  (21,097)  -  (21,097)  Proceeds from issuance  of ordinary shares:  - private placement  18,560,500  12,477,281  18,560,500  12,477,281  - exercise of SIS options  8,418,816  -  8,418,816  -  Proceeds from exercise  of warrants  -  3,438,224  -  3,438,224  Net cash from  financing activities  30,225,657  15,703,647  25,812,316  15,894,408  Net increase/(decrease) in  cash and cash equivalents  9,868,662  (13,566,910)  (687,039)  1,081,391  Cash and cash equivalents  at the beginning of the  financial year  2,447,102  15,121,802  1,603,024  521,633  Effect of exchange translation  differences  1,509,210  892,210  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents at  the end of the financial  year  13,824,974  2,447,102  915,985  1,603,024  Group  Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 (CONT'D) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## For The Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Company  Cash and cash equivalents  at the end of the financial  year comprises:  Cash and bank balances  14  6,851,100  2,147,131  915,985  1,603,024  Housing Development  Accounts  14  6,973,874  299,971  -  -  Fixed deposits with  licensed banks  14  3,976,787  3,830,000  -  -  17,801,761  6,277,102  915,985  1,603,024  Less: Fixed deposits  pledged to licensed  banks  14  (3,976,787)  (3,830,000)  -  -  13,824,974  2,447,102  915,985  1,603,024   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Corporate Information

The  Company  is  a  public  limited  liability  company,  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Malaysia and is listed on the Main Market of the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.

The principal place of business of the Company is located at L21-03, Level 21, PJX-HM Shah Tower, No. 16A, Persiaran Barat, 46050 Petaling Jaya, Selangor.

The  registered  office  of  the  Company  is  located  at  Level  5,  Block  B,  Dataran  PHB, Saujana  Resort,  Section  U2,  40150  Shah  Alam,  Selangor.  With  effect  from  2  January 2023, the Company's registered office have been relocated to B-21-1, Level 2, Tower B, Northpoint Mid Valley City, No.1, Medan Syed Putra Utara, 59200 Kuala Lumpur.

The principal activities of the Company consist of the provision of management services and investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiary companies are disclosed in Note 8 to the financial statements. There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year.

## 2. Basis of Preparation

## (a) Statement of compliance

The  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  have  been  prepared  in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ('MFRSs'), International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act, 2016 in Malaysia.

The financial statements of the Group and of the Company have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless otherwise indicated in the significant accounting policies below.

## 31 DECEMBER 2022 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 31 DECEMBER 2022

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (a) Statement of compliance (Cont'd)

## Adoption of amended standards

During the financial year, the Group and the Company have adopted the following amendments  to  MFRSs  and  interpretation  issued  by  the  Malaysian  Accounting Standards Board ('MASB') that are mandatory for current financial year:

Amendments to MFRS 16

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions

Amendments to MFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework

Amendments to MFRS 116

Property, Plant and Equipment- Proceeds before Intended Use

Amendments to MFRS 137

Onerous Contracts-Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

Annual Improvement to MFRSs Standards 2018 - 2020

-  Amendments to MFRS 1
-  Amendments to MFRS 9
-  Amendments to MFRS 16
-  Amendments to MFRS 141

The adoption of the amendment to MFRSs did not have any significant impact on the financial statement of the Group and of the Company.

## Standards issued but not yet effective

The  Group  and  the  Company  have  not  applied  the  following  new  MFRSs  and amendments to MFRSs that have been issued by the MASB but are not yet effective for the Group and for the Company:

| Effective dates for  financial periods  beginning on or after  MFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 17  Initial  Application  of  MFRS 17 and MFRS 9 -  comparative information  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 101  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 108  Definition  of  Accounting  Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 112  Deferred  Tax  related  to  Assets  and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction  1 January 2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 33 -

Registration No.

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (a) Statement of compliance (Cont'd)

## Standards issued but not yet effective (Cont'd)

During the financial year, the Group and the Company have adopted the following amendments  to  MFRSs  issued  by  the  Malaysian  Accounting  Standards  Board ('MASB') that are mandatory for current financial year: (Cont'd)

| Effective dates for  financial periods  beginning on or after  Amendments to MFRS 101  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current or Non-current  1 January 2023  Amendments to MFRS 101  Non-current  Liabilities  with  Covenants  1 January 2024  Amendments to MFRS 16  Lease  Liability  in  a  Sale  and  Leaseback  1 January 2024  Amendments  to  MFRS  10  and MFRS 128  Sale  or  Contribution  of  Assets  between  an  Investors  and  its  Deferred until  further notice   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Associates or Joint Venture

The Group and the Company intend to adopt the above MFRSs and amendments to MFRSs when they become effective.

The initial application of the above-mentioned MFRSs is not expected to have any significant impacts on the financial statements of the Group and the Company.

## (b) Functional and presentation currency

These financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ('RM'), which is the Company's functional  currency.  All  financial information is presented  in  RM and has been rounded to the nearest RM except when otherwise stated.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 34 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions

The preparation of the Group's financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  liabilities  at  the reporting  date.  However,  uncertainty  about  these  assumptions  and  estimates  could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in the future.

## Judgements

The following are the judgements made by management in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## Satisfaction of performance obligations in relation to contracts with customers

The Group is required to assess  each  of its  contracts  with  customers to  determine whether performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time in order to determine the appropriate method for recognising revenue. This assessment was made  based  on  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  contracts,  and  the  provisions  of relevant laws and regulations.

The Group recognises revenue over time in the following circumstances:

- (a) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- (b) the Group does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date; and
- (c) the  Group's  performance  creates  or  enhances  an  asset  that  the  customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.

Where the above criteria are not met, revenue is recognised at a point in time. Where revenue  is  recognised  at  a  point  of  time,  the  Group  assesses  each  contract  with customers  to  determine  when  the  performance  obligation  of  the  Group  under  the contract is satisfied.

- 35 -

Registration No.

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (Cont'd)

## Judgements (Cont'd)

## Determining  the  lease  term  of  contracts  with  renewal  and  termination  options  Group as lessee

The  Group  determines  the  lease  term  as  the  non-cancellable  term  of  the  lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether it is reasonably certain whether or not to exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create an economic incentive for it to exercise either the renewal or termination. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate (e.g., construction of significant leasehold improvements or significant customisation to the leased asset).

The  Group  excludes  the  renewal  period  as  part  of  the  lease  term  for  leases  of building with non-cancellable period included as part of the lease term as these are reasonably certain to be exercised because there will not be a significant effect on operation and a replacement asset can be readily available.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The  key  assumptions  concerning  the  future  and  other  key  sources  of  estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next reporting period are set out below:

## Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use ('ROU') assets

The  Group  regularly  review  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  property,  plant  and equipment and  ROU  assets  based  on  factors  such  as  business  plan  and  strategies, expected  level  of  usage  and  future  technological  developments.  Future  results  of operations could be materially affected by changes in these estimates brought about by changes in the factors mentioned above. A reduction in the estimated useful lives of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  ROU  assets  would  increase  the  recorded depreciation  and  decrease  the  value  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  ROU assets. The details of property, plant and equipment and ROU assets are disclosed in Notes 4 and 7 respectively.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 36 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (Cont'd)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont'd)

## Impairment of investment in subsidiary companies

The  Company  reviews  its  investments  in  subsidiary  companies  when  there  are indicators of impairment. Impairment is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an investment with its recoverable amount. Significant judgement is required in determining the recoverable amount. Estimating the recoverable amount requires the Company  to  make  an  estimate  of  the  expected  future  cash  flows  from  the  cashgenerating units and also to determine a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

The carrying amount at the reporting date for investments in subsidiary companies is disclosed in Note 8.

## Fair value of investment properties

The Group carries its investment properties at fair value, with changes in fair value being  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  Group  engaged  an  independent  valuation specialist to assess fair value as at 31 December 2022 for investment properties. For investment properties, a valuation methodology based on sales comparison approach was  used.  The  investment  properties  were  valued  by  reference  to  market-based evidence, using comparable prices adjusted for specific market factors such as nature, location and condition of the property.

The key assumptions used to determine the fair value of the properties are provided in Note 6.

- 37 -

Registration No.

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (Cont'd)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont'd)

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  all  unused  tax  losses,  unabsorbed  capital allowances  and  other  deductible  temporary  differences  to  the  extent  that  it  is probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be  available  against  which  the  unused  tax  losses, unabsorbed  capital  allowances  and  other  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of recognised and unrecognised deferred tax assets are disclosed in Note 17.

## Inventories valuation

Inventories are measured at  the lower of  cost  and net realisable  value.  The  Group estimates the net realisable value of inventories based on an assessment of expected sales prices. Demand levels and pricing competition could change from time to time. If such factors result in an adverse effect on the Group's products, the Group might be required to reduce the value of its inventories. Details of inventories are disclosed in Note 10.

## Revenue from property development contracts

Revenue is recognised when the control of the asset is transferred to the customers and, depending on the terms of the contract and the applicable laws governing the contract, control of the asset may transfer over time or at a point in time.

If control of the asset transfers over time, the Group recognises property development revenue and costs over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards  complete  satisfaction of that performance  obligation at the reporting  date.  This  is  measure  based  on  the  proportion  of  property  development costs  incurred  for  work  performed  up  to  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  as  a percentage of the estimated total property development costs of the contract.

Significant judgements are required in determining the completeness and accuracy of the  total  property  development  costs  as  estimates  of  future  property  development costs are inherently uncertain, which involve management's estimation of future cost to  completion  of  the  development.  Substantial  changes  in  cost  estimates  in  future periods may affect the profitability of the respective property development projects. In  making  the  estimation,  the  Group  evaluates  based  on  past  experiences  and  by relying on the work of specialists. Where the actual total property development costs are  different  from  the  estimated  total  property  development  costs,  such  difference will impact the property development profits/(losses) recognised.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 38 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (Cont'd)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont'd)

## Revenue from property development contracts (Cont'd)

The  carrying  amount  of  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  arising  from  property development activities are disclosed in Notes 10 and 11 respectively.

## Revenue from construction contracts

Construction revenue and costs are recognised over the period of the contract in the profit  or  loss  by  reference  to  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that performance obligation.

The progress towards complete satisfaction of performance obligation  is measured based on the physical proportion of contract work-to-date certified by professional consultants. Significant judgement is required in determining the progress based on the certified work-to-date corroborated by the level of completion of the construction based on actual costs incurred to-date over the estimated total construction costs. The total  estimated  construction  costs  are  based  on  approved  budgets,  which  require assessments  and  judgements  to  be  made  on  changes  in,  for  example,  work  scope, changes  in  costs  and  costs  to  completion.  In  making  the  judgement,  the  Group evaluates  based  on  past  experience,  the  work  of  specialists  and  a  continuous monitoring mechanism.

The  contract  assets  and  contract  liabilities  of  the  Group  arising  from  construction activities are disclosed in Note 11.

## Determination of transaction prices

The  Group  is  required  to  determine  the  transaction  price  in  respect  of  each  of  its contracts with customers. In making such judgment the Group assesses the impact of any variable consideration in the contract, due to discounts or penalties, the existence of  any  significant  financing  component  and  any  non-cash  consideration  in  the contract.

- 39 -

Registration No.

## 2. Basis of Preparation (Cont'd)

- (c) Significant accounting judgements, estimates and assumptions (Cont'd)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Cont'd)

## Discount rate used in leases

Where the interest rate implicit in the lease cannot be readily determined, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate to measure the lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate is the interest rate that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-ofuse asset in a similar economic environment. Therefore, the incremental borrowing rate requires estimation, particularly when no observable rates are available or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the incremental borrowing rate using observable inputs when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates.

## Provision for expected credit loss of financial assets at amortised cost

The Group review the recoverability of its receivables and contract assets, include trade  and  other  receivables  and  amount  due  from  subsidiary  companies  at  each reporting  date  to  assess  whether  an  impairment  loss  should  be  recognised.  The impairment provisions for receivables are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions at the end of each reporting period.

The carrying amounts at the reporting date for receivables are disclosed in Notes 9, 12 and 13 respectively.

## Income taxes

Judgement  is  involved  in  determining  the  provision  for  income  taxes.  There  are certain  transactions  and  computations  for  which  the  ultimate  tax  determination  is uncertain during the ordinary course of business.

The  Group  recognises  liabilities  for  expected  tax  issues  based  on  estimates  of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different  from  the  amounts  that  were  initially  recognised,  such  differences  will impact  the  income  tax  and  deferred  tax  provisions  in  the  period  in  which  such determination is made. As at 31 December 2022, the Group has tax recoverable and payable  of  RM1,470,607  (2021:  RM384,663)  and  RM  Nil  (2021:  RM1,198,810) respectively.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 40 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies

The  Group  and  the  Company  apply  the  significant  accounting  policies  set  out  below, consistently throughout all periods presented in the financial statements unless otherwise stated.

- (a) Basis of consolidation
- (i) Subsidiary companies

Subsidiary companies are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiary companies are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary company is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred  includes  the  fair  value  of  any  asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and  contingent liabilities assumed  in  business  combination  are  measured initially  at  their  fair  values  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  recognises  any non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree  on  an  acquisition-by-acquisition  basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree's identifiable net assets.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed in profit or loss as incurred.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquirer's previously held equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  is  re-measured  at  its  acquisition-date  fair  value and the resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the  reporting  period  in  which  the  combination  occurs,  the  Group  reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition date), or additional assets or liabilities are recognised, to reflect  new  information obtained  about facts  and  circumstances that existed at the acquisition date, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

- 41 -

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 42 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (a) Basis of consolidation (Cont'd)
- (i) Subsidiary companies (Cont'd)

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of MFRS 9 Financial Instruments is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains or losses on transactions  between  Group  companies  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are eliminated  only  if  there  is  no  indication  of  impairment.  Where  necessary, accounting  policies  of  subsidiary  companies  have  been  changed  to  ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

In  the  Company's  separate  financial  statements,  investment  in  subsidiary companies are stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. On disposal of such  investments,  the  difference  between  net  disposal  proceeds  and  their carrying  amounts  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Where  an  indication  of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the investment is assessed and written down  immediately  to  its  recoverable  amount.  See  accounting  policy  Note 3(m)(i) to the financial statements on impairment of non-financial assets.

- (ii) Changes  in  ownership  interests  in  subsidiary  companies  without  change  of control

Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions - that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The  difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets  of  the  subsidiary  company  is  recorded  in  equity.  Gains  or  losses  on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 43 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (a) Basis of consolidation (Cont'd)
- (iii) Disposal of subsidiary companies

If the Group loses control of a subsidiary company, the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary company, including any goodwill, and non-controlling interests are  derecognised at  their  carrying value on the date that  control is  lost.  Any remaining investment in the entity is recognised at fair value. The difference between the fair value of consideration received and the amounts derecognised and the remaining fair value of the investment is recognised as a gain or loss on  disposal  in  profit  or  loss.  Any  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other comprehensive  income  in  respect  of  that  entity  are  accounted  for  as  if  the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## (iv) Goodwill on consolidation

The excess of the aggregate consideration transferred the amount of any noncontrolling  interest  in  the  acquiree  and  the  acquisition  date  fair  value  of  any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total consideration transferred,  non-controlling  interest  recognised  and  previously  held  interest measured at fair value less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary company acquired (i.e., a bargain purchase), the gain is recognised in profit or loss.

Following the initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated  impairment  losses.  Goodwill  is  not  amortised  but  instead,  it  is reviewed  for  impairment  annually  or  more  frequent  when  there  is  objective evidence that the carrying value may be impaired. See accounting policy Note 3(m)(i) to the financial statements on impairment of non-financial assets.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 44 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

## (b) Foreign currency translation

## (i) Foreign currency transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currency are recorded in the functional currency of the respective Group entities using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.  At  each  reporting  date,  monetary  items  denominated  in  foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on that date.  Non-monetary items  carried  at  fair  value  that  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items  or  on translating monetary items at the reporting date are included in profit or loss except for exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net investment in foreign operation. These are initially taken directly to  the  foreign  currency  translation  reserve  within  equity  until the  disposal  of the  foreign  operations,  at  which  time  they  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss. Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net  investment  in  foreign  operation  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  in  the Company's financial  statements  or  the  individual  financial  statements  of  the foreign operation, as appropriate.

Exchange differences arising on the translation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the reporting period except for the differences  arising  on  the  translation  of  non-monetary  items  in  respect  of which  gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income. Exchange differences arising from such non-monetary items are also recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (ii) Foreign operations

The  assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign  operations  denominated  in  functional currencies  other  than  RM,  including  goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments arising on acquisition, are translated to RM at the rate of exchange prevailing at the reporting date. The  income  and  expenses  of  foreign  operations, excluding foreign operations in hyperinflationary economies, are translated to RM at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 45 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (b) Foreign currency translation (Cont'd)
- (ii) Foreign operations (Cont'd)

Foreign  currency  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income and  accumulated  in  the  foreign  currency  translation  reserve  ('FCTR')  in equity. However, if the operation is a non-wholly owned subsidiary company, then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the non-controlling interests. When a foreign operation is disposed off such that  control,  significant  influence  or  joint  control  is  lost,  the  cumulative amount in the FCTR related that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary company that  includes  a  foreign  operation,  the  relevant  proportion  of  the  cumulative amount is reattributed to non-controlling interests.

## (c) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated  impairment  losses.  The  policy  of  recognition  and  measurement  of impairment losses is in accordance with Note 3(m)(i) to the financial statements on impairment of non-financial assets.

## (i) Recognition and measurement

Cost  includes  expenditures  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of the  assets  and  any  other  costs  directly  attributable  to  bringing  the  asset  to working condition for its intended use, cost of replacing component parts of the assets, and the present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning of the assets after their use. The cost of self-constructed assets also includes the cost of materials and direct labour. For qualifying assets, borrowing costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy on borrowing costs. All  other  repair  and  maintenance  costs  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as incurred.

The cost of property, plant and equipment recognised as a result of a business combination  is  based  on  fair  value  at  acquisition  date.  The  fair  value  of property is the estimated amount for which a property could be exchanged on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's length  transaction  after  proper  marketing  wherein  the  parties  had each acted knowledgeably,  prudently  and  without  compulsion.  The  fair  value  of  other items of plant and equipment is based on the quoted market prices for similar items.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 46 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (c) Property, plant and equipment (Cont'd)
- (i) Recognition and measurement (Cont'd)

When  significant  parts  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have different useful lives, they are accounted  for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  derecognised  upon  disposal  or  when  no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Gains or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the assets and are recognised in profit or loss.

- (ii) Subsequent costs

The  cost  of  replacing  part  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is recognised in the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Group and its cost can  be  measured  reliably.  The  costs  of  the  day-to-day  servicing  of  property, plant and equipment are recognised in the profit or loss as incurred.

## (iii) Depreciation

Depreciation is recognised in the profit or loss on straight-line basis to write off the cost of each asset to its residual value over its estimated useful life.

Property, plant and  equipment are depreciated based on the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

Computer and software Motor vehicles Office equipment and fixtures Renovation

20%

20%

10%-20%

25%

The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period to ensure that the amount, method and period of depreciation are consistent with previous estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the property, plant and equipment.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 47 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (d) Leases
- (i) As lessee

The Group and the Company recognise a ROU asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The ROU asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises  the  initial  amount  of  the  lease  liability  adjusted  for  any  lease payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date,  plus  any  initial  direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The  ROU  asset  is  subsequently  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated depreciation, accumulated impairment loss and, if applicable, adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The policy of recognition and measurement of  impairment  losses  is  in  accordance  with  Note  3(m)(i)  to  the  financial statements on impairment of non-financial assets.

The ROU asset under cost model is depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the ROU asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives of the ROU assets  are  determined  on  the  same  basis  as  those  of  property,  plant  and equipment as follows:

Buildings Motor vehicles

Over the remaining lease period 20%

The ROU assets are subject to impairment.

The  lease  liability  is  initially  measured  at  the  present  value  of  future  lease payments at the commencement date, discounted using the respective Group entities' incremental borrowing rates. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability include fixed payments, any variable lease payments,  amount  expected  to  be  payable  under  a  residual  value  guarantee, and exercise price under an extension option that the Group and the Company are reasonably certain to exercise.

Variable  lease  payments  that  do  not  depend  on  an  index  or  a  rate  and  are dependent on a future activity are recognised as expenses in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 48 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (d) Leases (Cont'd)
- (i) As lessee (Cont'd)

The  lease  liability  is  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest method.  It  is  remeasured  when  there  is  a  change  in  future  lease  payments arising  from  a  change  in  rate,  or  if  the  Group  or  the  Company  changes  its assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or termination option.

Lease  payments  associated  with  short  term  leases  and  leases  of  low  value assets  are  recognised  on  a  straight-line  basis  as  an  expense  in  profit  or  loss. Short term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less and do not contain a purchase option. Low value assets are those assets valued at less than RM20,000 each when purchased new.

- (ii) As lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. Leases in which the Group or the Company does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases.

If the lease arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group and the Company apply MFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers to allocate the consideration in the contract based on the stand-alone selling price.

The Group and the Company recognise assets held under a finance lease in its statement of financial position and presents them as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease. The Group and the Company use the interest rate implicit in the lease to measure the net investment in the lease.

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  the  Group  regularly  reviews  the  estimated unguaranteed  residual  value  and  applies  the  impairment  requirements  of MFRS 9 Financial  Instrument ,  recognising  an  allowance  for  expected  credit losses ('ECLs') on the lease receivables.

Finance lease income is calculated with reference to the gross carrying amount of the lease receivables, except for credit-impaired financial assets for which interest income is calculated with reference to their amortised cost (i.e., after a deduction of the loss allowance).

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 49 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (d) Leases (Cont'd)
- (ii) As lessor (Cont'd)

The Group recognises lease payments under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless another systematic basis is more representative of the pattern  in which benefit from the use of the underlying asset is diminished. The lease payment recognised is included as part of 'Other income'. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the  lease  term  on  the  same  basis  as  rental  income.  Contingent  rents  are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

## (e) Investment properties

Investment  properties,  including  right-of-use  assets  held  by  lessee,  are  properties which  are  owned  or  held  under  a  leasehold  interest  to  earn  rental  income  or  for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

Investment  properties  are  measured  initially  at  cost,  including  transaction  costs. Subsequently, investment properties are measured at fair value which reflects market conditions  at  the  reporting  date.  Gains  and  losses  arising  from  changes  in  the  fair values  of  investment  properties  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  period  in which they arise. Where the fair value of the investment property under construction is not reliably determinable, the investment property under construction is measured at  cost  until  either  its  fair  value  becomes  reliably  determinable  or  construction  is complete, whichever is earlier.

Cost  includes  expenditure  that  is  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the investment property. The cost of self-constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to the asset's carrying amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed when incurred. When part of an investment property is replaced, the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised.

Investment  properties  are  valued  by  independent  professionally  qualified  valuers, having  appropriate  recognised  professional  qualifications  and  recent  experience  in the  locations  and  segments  of  the  investment  properties  valued.  The  management team reviewed and discussed the valuations, including valuation processes, performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting purposes.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 50 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

## (e) Investment properties (Cont'd)

Investment  properties  are  derecognised  when  either  they  are  disposed  of  or  when they  are  permanently  withdrawn  from  use  and  no  future  economic  benefit  is expected  from  the  disposal.  Any  gain  or  loss  on  the  retirement  or  disposal  of  an investment  property  is  recognised  in  the  profit  or  loss  in  the  reporting  period  of retirement or disposal.

Transfers are made to (or from) investment property only when there is a change in use.  For  a  transfer  from  investment  property  to  owner-occupied  property,  the deemed cost for subsequent accounting is the fair value at the date of change in use. If owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such  property  in  accordance  with  the  policy  stated  under  property,  plant  and equipment up to the date of change in use.

## (f) Financial assets

Financial assets are recognised in the statements of financial position when, and only when, the Group or the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument.

When financial assets are recognised initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in  the  case  of  financial  assets  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL'), directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group and the Company determine the classification of their financial assets at initial  recognition,  and  the  categories  include  trade  and  other  receivables,  amount due from subsidiary companies and deposits, bank and cash balances.

## (a) Financial assets at amortised cost

The Group and the Company measure financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

- The  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  with  the  objective  to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the effective interest method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is  derecognised,  modified  or impaired.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 51 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (f) Financial assets (Cont'd)
- (b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI')

## Debt instruments

A debt security is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI') if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

-  It  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  achieved  by  both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
-  Its  contractual  terms  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## Equity instruments

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group and the Company may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income on an investment-by-investment basis.

Financial  assets  categorised  as  FVTOCI  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair value, with unrealised gains and losses recognised directly in other comprehensive income and accumulated under fair value adjustment reserve in equity. For debt instruments, when  the investment is derecognised or determined to be impaired, the cumulative gain or loss previously recorded in equity is reclassified to the profit or loss. For equity instruments, the gains or losses are never reclassified to profit or loss.

The  Group  and  the  Company  have  not  designated  any  financial  assets  as FVTOCI.

- (c) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI, as described  above,  are  measured  at  FVTPL.  This  includes  derivative  financial assets  (except  for  a  derivative  that  is  a  financial  guarantee  contract  or  a designated and effective hedging instrument). On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI as at FVTPL if doing  so  eliminates  or  significantly  reduces  an  accounting  mismatch  that would otherwise arise.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 52 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (f) Financial assets (Cont'd)
- (c) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Cont'd)

Financial assets categorised as FVTPL are subsequently measured at their fair value with gains or losses recognised in the profit or loss.

All financial assets, except for those measured  at  FVTPL  and  equity investments measured at FVTOCI, are subject to impairment.

The  Group  and  the  Company  have  not  designated  any  financial  assets  at FVTPL.

Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace concerned. All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised or derecognised on the trade date i.e., the date that the Group and the Company commit to purchase or sell the asset.

A financial asset is  derecognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received for financial instrument is recognised in profit or loss.

## (g) Financial liabilities

Financial  liabilities  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group  and  the Company become a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instruments. All  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  plus,  in  the  case  of financial  liabilities  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  directly  attributable transaction costs.

After initial recognition, financial liabilities that are not carried at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are derecognised, and through the amortisation process.

A  financial  liability  is  derecognised  when  the  obligation  under  the  liability  is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another  from  the  same  lender  on  substantially  different  terms,  or  the  terms  of  an existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange  or  modification  is treated  as  a  derecognition  of  the  original  liability  and  the  recognition  of  a  new liability, and the difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 53 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

## (h) Offsetting the financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of financial position if, and only if,  there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## (i) Financial guarantee contracts

A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs when the guaranteed debtor fails to make a payment when due.

Financial  guarantee  contracts  are  recognised  initially  as  financial  liabilities  at  fair value, net of transaction costs. Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of:

-  the amount of the loss allowance; and
-  the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of MFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers .

## (j) Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## Property under development and completed property

Property under development consists of the cost of land and all costs that are directly attributable to development activities or that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to such activities, including common costs such as the cost of constructing mandatory infrastructure,  amenities  and  affordable  houses  (net  of  estimated  approved  selling prices) and other related costs. The asset is subsequently recognised as expenses in profit or loss when and as the control of the asset is transferred to the customer.

Properties development costs attributable to unsold properties, upon completion, are transferred to completed properties held for sale.

The cost of completed properties includes costs of land and related development cost or  its  purchase  costs  and  incidental  cost  of  acquisition.  Cost  is  determined  on  a specific identification basis.

Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and applicable selling expenses.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 54 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

## (k) Contract assets and contract liabilities

Contract asset is the  right  to  consideration  for  goods  or services transferred  to  the customers. The Group's contract asset is the excess of revenue recognised over the billings to-date and deposits or advances received from customers.

Where there is objective evidence of impairment, the amount of impairment losses is determined by comparing the contract asset's carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows to be generated by the contract asset.

Contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables at the point at which invoices have been billed to customers.

Contract  liability  is  the  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  customers  for which  the  Group  has  received  the  consideration  or  has  billed  the  customers.  The Group's  contract  liability  is  the  excess  of  the  billings  to-date  over  the  revenue recognised. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs its obligation under the contracts.

## (l) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash in hand, bank balances, demand deposits, bank overdrafts and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. For the purpose of statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents are presented net of bank overdrafts and pledged deposits, if any.

## (m) Impairment of assets

## (i) Non-financial assets

The  carrying  amounts  of  non-financial  assets  (except  for  inventories  and investment  property  measured  at  fair  value)  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each reporting period to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any  such  indication  exists,  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  For goodwill the recoverable amount is estimated each period at the same time.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 55 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (m) Impairment of assets (Cont'd)
- (i) Non-financial assets (Cont'd)

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  assets  are  grouped  together  into  the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or cash-generating units.  Subject  to  operating  segment  ceiling  test,  for  the  purpose  of  goodwill impairment testing, cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are  aggregated  so  that  the  level  at  which  impairment  testing  is  performed reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. The goodwill acquired in a business combination, for the purpose of impairment testing, is allocated to a cash-generating unit or a group of cashgenerating  units  that  are  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the combination.

The recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In assessing value in use, the  estimated  future  cash  flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or cash-generating unit.

An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or cashgenerating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. Impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cashgenerating  units  are  allocated  first  to  reduce  the  carrying  amount  of  any goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) and  then  to  reduce  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  other  assets  in  the  cashgenerating unit (group of cash-generating units) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. In respect of other assets, impairment losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at the end of each  reporting  period  for  any  indications  that  the  loss  has  decreased  or  no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine  the recoverable  amount  since  the last impairment loss was  recognised.  The  reversal  is  limited  so  that  the  carrying amount of the  asset  does  not  exceed  its  recoverable  amount,  nor  exceed  the carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined,  net  of  depreciation  or amortisation, had no impairment loss been recognised for asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the profit or loss.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 56 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (m) Impairment of assets (Cont'd)

## (ii) Financial assets

The  Group  and  the  Company  recognise  loss  allowances  for  expected  credit losses  on  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost,  debt  investments measured  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income,  contract  assets and  lease receivables. Expected  credit  losses are  a  probability-weighted estimate of credit losses.

The Group and the Company measure loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit loss, except for debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, cash and bank balance and other debt securities  for  which  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition,  which  are  measured  at  12-months  expected  credit  loss.  Loss allowances for trade receivables  are  always  measured at  an  amount equal  to lifetime expected credit loss.

When determining  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  asset  has  increased significantly since initial recognition and when estimating expected credit loss, the Group and the Company consider reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's and the  Company's  historical  experience  and  informed  credit  assessment  and including forward-looking information, where available.

Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of the asset, while 12-months expected credit losses are the portion of expected credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date. The maximum period considered when estimating expected credit losses is the maximum  contractual  period  over  which  the  Group  and  the  Company  are exposed to credit risk.

The  Group  and  the  Company  estimate  the  expected  credit  losses  on  trade receivables  using  a  provision  matrix  with  reference  to  historical  credit  loss experience.

Loss rates are based on actual credit loss experience over the past three years. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in forwardlooking estimates are analysed.

<!-- image -->

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 57 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (m) Impairment of assets (Cont'd)
- (ii) Financial assets (Cont'd)

An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortised cost is recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  reduced through the use of an allowance account.

At each reporting date, the Group and the Company assess whether financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit-impaired. A financial asset is credit impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or full)  to  the  extent  that  there  is  no  realistic  prospect  of  recovery.  This  is generally the case when the Group and the Company determine that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group's and the Company's procedures for recovery amounts due.

## (n) Share capital

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group and of the Company after deducting all of its liabilities. Ordinary shares are equity instruments. Ordinary shares are recorded at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable incremental transaction costs. Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

Dividend distribution to the Company's shareholders is recognised as a liability in the period they are approved by the Board of Directors except for the final dividend which is subject to approval by the Company's shareholders.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 58 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (o) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when there is a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, when it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic  benefits  will  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation  and  the  amount  of  the obligation can be estimated reliably.

Provisions are reviewed at each end of the reporting period and adjusted to reflect the  current  best  estimate.  If  it  is  no  longer  probable  that  an  outflow  of  economic resources will be required to settle the obligation, the provision is reversed. If the effect  of  the  time  value  of  money  is  material,  provisions  are  discounted  using  a current pre-tax rate that reflects, where appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

Any reimbursement that the Group can be virtually certain to collect from a third party with respect to the obligation is recognised as a separate asset. However, this asset may not exceed the amount of the related provision. The expense relating to any provision is presented in the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income net of any reimbursement.

## (p) Employee benefits

## (i) Short term employee benefits

Wages, salaries, bonuses and social security contributions are recognised as an expense in the reporting period in which the associated services are rendered by  employees  of  the  Group.  Short-term  accumulating  compensated  absences such  as  paid  annual  leave  are  recognised  when  services  are  rendered  by employees  that  increase  their  entitlement  to  future  compensated  absences. Short term non- accumulating compensated absences such as sick and medical leave are recognised when the absences occur.

The  expected  cost  of  accumulating  compensated  absences  is  measured  as additional amount expected to be paid as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the end of the reporting period.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 59 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (p) Employee benefits (Cont'd)
- (ii) Defined contribution plans

As  required  by  law,  companies  in  Malaysia  contribute  to  the  state  pension scheme, the Employee Provident Fund ('EPF'). Some of the Group's foreign subsidiary  companies  also  make  contributions  to  their  respective  countries' statutory pension schemes. Such contributions are recognised as an expense in the profit or loss as incurred. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group has no further payment obligations.

- (iii) Share-based payment transactions

The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan for the employees of the Group. Employee services received in exchange for the grant of the share options is recognised as an expense in the profit and loss over the vesting periods of the grant with a corresponding increase in equity.

The  total  amount  to  be  expensed  over  the  vesting  period  is  determined  by reference to the fair value of the share options granted, excluding the impact of any non-market vesting conditions (for example, profitability and sales growth targets). Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to be vested. At the end of each reporting date,  the  Group  revises  its  estimates  of  the  number  of  share  options  that  are expected  to  be  vested.  It  recognises,  the  impact  of  the  revision  of  original estimates, if any, in the profit and loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity.

When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital  when  the  options  are  exercised.  When  options  are  not  exercised  and lapsed, the share option reserve is transferred to retained earnings or accumulated losses.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 60 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

## (q) Revenue recognition

- (i) Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  is  recognised  when  the  Group  satisfied  a  performance  obligation ('PO') by transferring a promised good or services to the customer, which is when  the  customer  obtains  control  of  the  good  or  service.  A  PO  may  be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied PO.

The Group recognises revenue from the following major sources:

## (a) Revenue from property development

The  Group  recognises  revenue  from  property  development  over  time when  control  over  the  property  has  been  transferred  to  the  customers. The properties have no alternative use to  the Group due  to  contractual restriction  and  the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for performance completed to date. Revenue from property development is measured  at  the  fixed  transaction  price  agreed  under  the  sales  and purchase agreement.

Revenue is recognised over the period of the contract using input method (or  cost-to-cost  method)  to  measure  the  progress  towards  complete satisfaction of the performance obligations under the sale and purchase agreement,  i.e.,  based on the  proportion  of  property  development  costs incurred for work performed up to the end of the reporting period as a percentage of the estimated total costs of development of the contract.

The  Group  becomes  entitled  to  invoice  customers  for  construction  of promised properties based on achieving a series of performance-related milestones  (i.e.,  progress  billing).  The  Group  will  previously  have recognised  a  contract  asset  for  any  work  performed.  Any  amount previously recognised as a contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables  at  the  point  at  which  it  is  invoiced  to  the  customer.  If  the progress  billing  exceeds  the  revenue  recognised  to  date,  the  Group recognises a contract liability for the difference. There is not considered to  be  a  significant  financing  component in  contracts with  customers  as the period between the recognition of revenue and the progress billing is always less than one year.

Revenue from sales of completed properties is recognised at a point in time,  being  when  the  control  of  the  properties  has  been  passed  to  the purchasers. And, it is probable that the Group will collect the considerations  to  which  it  will  be  entitled  to  in  exchange  for  the properties sold.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 61 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (q) Revenue recognition (Cont'd)
- (i) Revenue from contracts with customers (Cont'd)
- (a) Revenue from property development (Cont'd)

The Group provides warranties for general repairs of defects as required by law. These assurance-type warranties are accounted for under MFRS 137 Provision, contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , please refer to accounting policy on warranty provisions in Note 3(o) to the financial statements.

- (b) Revenue from construction contracts

The  Group  recognises  revenue  from  construction  contracts  over  time when control over the asset has been transferred to the customers. The assets have no alternative use to the Group due to contractual restriction and  the  Group  has  an  enforceable  right  to  payment  for  performance completed to date. Revenue from construction contracts is measured at the transaction price agreed under the construction contracts.

Revenue is recognised over the period of the  contract using the output method  to  measure  the  progress  towards  complete  satisfaction  of  the performance  obligations  under  the  construction  contract,  i.e.,  based  on the level of completion of the physical proportion of contract work todate, certified by professional consultants.

The  Group  becomes  entitled  to  invoice  customers  for  construction  of promised  asset  based  on  achieving  a  series  of  performance-related milestones (i.e., progress billing). The Group previously have recognised a  contract  asset  for  any  work  performed.  Any  amount  previously recognised as  a contract asset  is  reclassified  to  trade  receivables  at  the point  at  which  it  is  invoiced  to  the  customer.  If  the  progress  billing exceeds the revenue recognised to-date, the Group recognises a contract liability  for  the  difference.  There  is  not  considered  to  be  a  significant financing component in contracts with customers as the period between the  recognition  of  revenue  and  the  progress  billing  is  always  less  than one year.

## (c) Rendering of services

Revenue  from  services  and  management  fees  are  recognised  in  the reporting period in which the services are rendered, which simultaneously  received  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the Group, and the Group has a present right to payment for the services.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 62 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd)

- (q) Revenue recognition (Cont'd)
- (ii) Rental income

Rental  income  is  accounted  for  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  terms. The  aggregate  costs  of  incentives  provided  to  lessees  are  recognised  as  a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

- (iii) Interest income

Interest  income  is  recognised  on  accruals  basis  using  the  effective  interest method.

## (r) Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset  are capitalised as part of the cost of the assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for theirs intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that the Group and the Company incurred in connection with the borrowing of funds.

The  capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs  as  part  of  the  cost  of  a  qualifying  asset commences when expenditure  for  the  asset  is  being  incurred,  borrowing  costs  are being incurred and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use or sale are in progress. Capitalisation of borrowing costs is suspended or ceases when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are interrupted or completed.

Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary  investment  of  specific  borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

## (s) Income taxes

Tax  expense  in  profit  or  loss  comprises  current  and  deferred  tax.  Current  tax  and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination or items recognised directly in equity or other comprehensive income.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the financial year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the  reporting  period,  and  any  adjustment  to  tax  payable  in  respect  of  previous financial years.

<!-- image -->

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 63 -

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies (Cont'd )

## (s) Income taxes (Cont'd)

Deferred tax  is  recognised  using  the liability  method  for  all  temporary  differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the statements of financial position  and  their  tax  bases.  Deferred  tax  is  not  recognised  for  the  temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition of assets  and  liabilities  in  a  transaction  which  is  not  a  business  combination  and  that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred tax is measured at the tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  be  applied  to  the  temporary  differences  when  they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  and  liabilities,  at  the  end  of  the reporting period, except for investment properties carried at fair value model. Where investment properties measured using fair value model, the amount of deferred tax recognised is measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of those assets at their carrying amounts at the reporting date unless the property is depreciable and is held  with  the  objective  to  consume  substantially  all  of  the  economic  benefits embodied in the property over time, rather than through sale. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits  will  be  available  against  which  the  temporary  difference  can  be  utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at the end of each reporting period and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

## (t) Segments reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-makers are responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments and make overall strategic decisions. The Group's operating segments are organised  and  managed  separately  according  to  the  nature  of  the  products  and services  provided,  with  each  segment  representing  a  strategic  business  unit  that offers different products and serves different markets.

Registration No.

## 4. Property, Plant and Equipment

| Computer  Office  and  Moter  equipment  software  vehicles  and fixtures  Renovation  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  At cost  At 1 January  218,660  6,302  417,355  367,034  1,009,351  Additions  9,824  -  104,809  153,144  267,777  Written off  -  -  -  (450)  (450)  At 31 December  228,484  6,302  522,164  519,728  1,276,678  Accumulated  depreciation  At 1 January  210,544  5,250  97,526  73,698  387,018  Charge for the  financial year  14,187  1,049  60,207  49,521  124,964  At 31 December  224,731  6,299  157,733  123,219  511,982  Carrying amount  At 31 December  3,753  3  364,431  396,509  764,696   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 64 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

- 65 -

## 4. Property, Plant and Equipment (Cont'd)

| Computer  Office  and  Moter  equipment  software  vehicles  and fixtures  Renovation  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  At cost  At 1 January  204,294  6,302  170,721  76,796  458,113  Additions  14,366  -  247,535  290,238  552,139  Written off  -  -  (901)  -  (901)  At 31 December  218,660  6,302  417,355  367,034  1,009,351  Accumulated  depreciation  At 1 January  191,777  3,990  77,162  61,368  334,297  Charge for the  financial year  18,767  1,260  21,146  12,330  53,503  Written off  -  -  (782)  -  (782)  At 31 December  210,544  5,250  97,526  73,698  387,018  Carrying amount  At 31 December  8,116  1,052  319,829  293,336  622,333   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 66 -

## 4. Property, Plant and Equipment (Cont'd)

| Office  Computer  equipment  and software  and fixtures  Renovation  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  Company  2022  At cost  At 1 January  167,272  7,511  450  175,233  Written off  -  -  (450)  (450)  At 31 December  167,272  7,511  -  174,783  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January  166,640  4,596  -  171,236  Charge for the financial year  1,035  -  1,035  At 31 December  166,640  5,631  -  172,271  Carrying amount  At 31 December  632  1,880  -  2,512  2021  At cost  At 1 January/  At 31 December  167,272  7,511  450  175,233  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January  165,995  3,562  -  169,557  Charge for the financial year  645  1,034  -  1,679  At 31 December  166,640  4,596  -  171,236  Carrying amount  At 31 December  632  2,915  450  3,997   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 5. Goodwill

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Cost  At 1 January  2,468,193  68,195  Addition through business combination  3,271,484  2,399,998  At 31 December  5,739,677  2,468,193  Accumulated impairment losses  At 1 January  2,468,193  68,195  Impairment loss recognised  3,271,484  2,399,998  At 31 December  5,739,677  2,468,193  Carrying amount  At 31 December  -  -  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year, goodwill amounting to RM3,271,484 arose upon the acquisition of  subsidiary  companies,  Embon  Global  Venture  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('EGVSB')  and  Menara Rezeki  Properties  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('MRPSB')  principally  engaged  in  property  development activities

In  the  previous  financial  year,  goodwill  amounting  to  RM2,399,998  arose  upon  the acquisition of a subsidiary company, Limpah Restu Development Sdn. Bhd. ('LRDSB').

The impairment loss recognised in goodwill amounting to RM3,271,484 (2021: RM2,399,998) was due to the recoverable amounts were lower than carrying amount of the goodwill.

.

- 67 -

Registration No.

## 6. Investment Properties

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At fair value  At 1 January  27,653,614  28,861,410  Change in fair value recognised in profit or loss  (4,961,893)  (3,076,533)  Foreign currency translation differences  1,494,073  1,868,737  At 31 December  24,185,794  27,653,614  At fair value  Commercial properties  24,185,794  27,653,614  Group   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The investment properties are situated in Huizhou, China under long leases.

## (a) Investment properties under leases

Investment properties comprise a number of leasehold commercial properties that are leased to third parties. Each of the leases contains a cancellable period ranging from 3  to  10  years  (2021:  4  to  10  years).  Subsequent  renewals  are  negotiated  with  the lessee. No contingent rents are charged.

## (b) Fair value basis of investment properties

The investment properties are valued annually at fair value based on market values determined by independent qualified valuer in China amounting to RMB37,872,700 (2021:  RMB42,169,200).  The  fair  values  have  been  derived  using  the  market comparison  approach.  Sales  prices  of  comparable  commercial  properties  in  close proximity are adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size. During the financial year, the fair value measurement was reclassified from level 2 to level 3 due to the valuation technique uses significant unobservable inputs that require more judgement and assumptions.

| Level 2  Level 3  Total  RM  RM  RM  2022  Investment properties  -  24,185,794  24,185,794  2021  Investment properties  27,653,614  -  27,653,614   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 68 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 6. Investment Properties (Cont'd)

- (b) Fair value basis of investment properties (Cont'd)

Description of valuation techniques used and key inputs to valuation on investment properties measured at Level 3:

Significant

Year

unobservable inputs

Value used

Sensitivity analysis

2022

Sales price

RMB25,810 per

The higher the sales price, the higher the fair value

square meter

The decrease in  fair  values  of RM4,961,893 (31.12.2021: RM3,076,533) has been recognised in the profit or loss during the financial year.

- (c) Income and expenses recognised in profit or loss

The following are recognised in profit or loss in respect of investment properties:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Rental income  78,592  124,464  Direct operating expenses:  - Income generating investment properties  5,044  7,930  - Non-income generating investment properties  26,366  21,606  Group   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Right-of-use Assets

| Motor  Buildings  vehicles  Total  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  At cost  At 1 January  95,849  -  95,849  Addition through business combination  -  277,300  277,300  Addition  4,092,000  -  4,092,000  Expiration of lease contract  (95,849)  -  (95,849)  At 31 December  4,092,000  277,300  4,369,300   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 69 -

Registration No.

## 7. Right-of-use Assets (Cont'd)

| Motor  Buildings  vehicles  Total  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January  95,849  -  95,849  Addition through business combination  -  195,732  195,732  Charge for the financial year  17,050  55,461  72,511  Expiration of lease contract  (95,849)  -  (95,849)  At 31 December  17,050  251,193  268,243  Carrying amount  At 31 December  4,074,950  26,107  4,101,057  Buildings  RM  Group  2021  At cost  At 1 January  393,064  Addition  421,574  Expiration of lease contract  (196,532)  Termination of lease contract  (522,257)  At 31 December  95,849  Accumulated impairment losses  At 1 January  393,064  Charge for the financial year  201,935  Expiration of lease contract  (196,532)  Termination of lease contract  (302,618)  At 31 December  95,849  Carrying amount  At 31 December  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  leasehold  buildings  with  carrying  amount  of  RM4,074,950 (2021:  RM  Nil)  have  been  pledged  to  licensed  banks  as  security  for  banking  facilities granted to the Group as disclosed in Note 18.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 70 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 8. Investment in Subsidiary Companies

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  In Malaysia  At cost  Unquoted shares  10,750,004  10,750,004  Add: Additional investment in subsidiary  company  700,000  -  Less: Accumulated impairment losses  (3,250,000)  (1,869,377)  8,200,004  8,880,627  Outside Malaysia  At cost  Unquoted shares  8,563,000  8,563,000  16,763,004  17,443,627  Company   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in the allowance for impairment loses of investment in subsidiary companies are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  1,869,377  1,869,377  Impairment loss recognised  1,380,623  -  At 31 December  3,250,000  1,869,377  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the subsidiary companies are as follows:

| Place of  business/  Name of  company  2022  2021  %  %  Nagamas Venture  Malaysia  100  100  Project management  and consultation  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  Equity interest   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sdn. Bhd.

- 71 -

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 72 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 8. Investment in Subsidiary Companies (Cont'd)

Details of the subsidiary companies are as follows: (Cont'd)

| Place of  business/  Name of  company  2022  2021  %  %  Country of  incorporation  Principal activities  Equity interest  Nagamas Bizworks  Malaysia  100  100  Property development  Sdn. Bhd.  and construction  JKI Construction  Malaysia  100  100  Sdn. Bhd.  JKI Development  Malaysia  100  100  Property development  Sdn. Bhd.  and construction  JKI Resources  Malaysia  100  100  General trading, real  Sdn. Bhd.  property holding and  investment holding  Key Success  Malaysia  100  100  Property development  Development  and investment  Sdn. Bhd.  Nagamas  Hong Kong  100  100  Property development  International  and investment  (HK) Ltd*  Menara Rezeki  Malaysia  70  -  Dormant  Properties  Sdn. Bhd.*  ## Held by Nagamas Ventures Sdn. Bhd.:  Limpah Restu  Malaysia  100  100  Real property and  Development  housing developer  Sdn. Bhd.  ## Held by Nagamas Bizworks Sdn. Bhd.:  Embon Global  Malaysia  100  -  Dormant  Venture Sdn. Bhd.  General contractor of  and for all buildings   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Subsidiary companies not audited by UHY Malaysia

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

- 73 -

## 8. Investment in Subsidiary Companies (Cont'd)

- (a) Acquisition of a subsidiary company

## 2022

- (i) On 10 March 2022, the Company announce that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nagamas Bizworks Sdn. Bhd. ('NBSB' or 'the Purchaser'), had on 10 March 2022 entered into a conditional share sale and purchase agreement ('SSPA') with Mr Abu Hurairah Bin Abdul Aziz and Mr Muhammad Shafiq Bin Jamuri ('the  Vendors')  for  the  acquisition  of  1,000,000  ordinary  shares  in  Embon Global  Venture  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('EGVSB')  ('Sale  Shares'),  representing  100% equity interest in EGVSB. The cash consideration of RM4,091,551 was agreed subsequently during the financial year.
- (ii) On 29 August 2022, the Company entered into a conditional share sale and purchase agreement ('SSPA') with Menara Rezeki Sdn. Bhd. ('the Vendor') for  the  acquisition  of  700,000  ordinary  shares  in  Menara  Rezeki  Properties Sdn.  Bhd.  ('MRPSB')  ('Sale  Shares'),  representing  70%  equity  interest  in MRPSB  for  a  total  cash  purchase  consideration  of  RM700,000  ('Proposed Acquisition').

The effect of the acquisition on the financial results of the Group in respect of the financial year is as follows:

Impact of the acquisition on the Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

From the  date  of  acquisition,  the  acquired  subsidiary  companies  have  contributed loss  of  RM69,568 to the Group for the financial year. If the business combination had  taken  place  at  the  beginning  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group's  loss  for  the financial year would have been increased by RM72,822.

The  following  summaries  the  major  classes  of  consideration  transferred,  and  the recognised amount of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date:

| ## Fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed  RM  Right-of-use assets  81,568  Other receivables  1,066,665  Amount due from related company  2,601,816  Cash and bank balances  73,077  Other payables  (1,728,865)  Lease liabilities  (115,782)  Amount due to directors  (168,696)  Total identifiable assets and liabilities  1,809,783  Non-controlling interest  (289,716)  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  3,329,850   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 74 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 8. Investment in Subsidiary Companies (Cont'd)

- (a) Acquisition of a subsidiary company (Cont'd)

## 2022 (Cont'd)

Net cash outflows arising from the acquisition of subsidiary company

| RM  Purchase consideration satisfied by cash  4,791,551  Less: Cash and bank balances acquired  (73,077)  Net cash outflows from the acquisition of a subsidiary  4,718,474   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Goodwill arising from business combination

| Note  RM  Fair value of consideration transferred  4,791,551  Non-controlling interests, based on their  proportionate interest in the recognised  amounts of the assets and liabilities  of the acquiree  289,716  Fair value of identifiable assets acquired and  liabilities assumed  (1,809,783)  Goodwill on consolidation  5  3,271,484   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  goodwill  recognised  arising  from  the  acquisition  is  attributable  mainly  to  the synergies expected to be achieved from integrating the subsidiary into the Group's property development business.

## 2021

On  3  March  2021,  the  Company  announce  that  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary, Nagamas Venture Sdn. Bhd. ('NVSB' or 'the Purchaser'), had on 3 March 2021 entered into a conditional share sale and purchase agreement ('SSPA') with Mr Sit Yew Hing and Mr Loh Siew Jiann ('the Vendors') for the acquisition of 2 ordinary shares  in  Limpah  Restu  Development  Sdn  Bhd  ('LRDSB')  ('Sale  Shares'), representing 100% equity interest in LRDSB for a total cash purchase consideration of RM10,000,000 ('Proposed Acquisition').

- (b) The  Group's  subsidiary  companies  which  have  non-controlling  interests  are  not material individually or in aggregate to the financial position, financial performance and cash flows of the Group.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 9. Other Receivables

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  Non-current  Other receivables  (a)  4,244,728  4,244,728  -  -  Less: Accumulated  impairment losses  (4,244,728)  (4,244,728)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Current  Other receivables  6,256,602  1,037,311  1,742  4,391  Deposits  (b)  15,870,772  5,370,159  2,150  146,550  Prepayments  10,071,563  186,021  25,910  25,910  32,198,937  6,593,491  29,802  176,851  Group  Company   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) This  represents  deposit  paid  by  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  company,  Nagamas Venture Sdn.  Bhd.  to  Silverland  Capital  Sdn.  Bhd.  Management  foreseen  that  the amount is not recoverable and has provided full impairment in the previous financial year.
- (b) Included in deposits are amount of RM1,568,160 (2021: RM1,568,160) is refundable and paid to State Government of Melaka to secure the reclamation and development project and RM12,500,000 (2021: Nil) represents deposits paid for land in Melaka.

Movements in the accumulated impairment losses in other receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Non-Current  At 1 Janaury  4,244,728  -  Impairment loss recognised  -  4,244,728  At 31 December  4,244,728  4,244,728  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10. Inventories

| 2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  Property development costs  (a)  32,802,119  28,177,253  Group   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 75 -

198301015973 (111365-U)

Registration No.

- 76 -

`

Property development costs

(a)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Freehold  Leasehold  Development  land  land  expenditure  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Cumulative property development costs  At 1 January  37,481,624  23,000,000  111,825,435  172,307,059  Costs incurred during the financial year  1,210,704  -  7,430,653  8,641,357  Reversal of completed projects  (38,692,328)  -  (109,453,969)  (148,146,297)  At 31 December  -  23,000,000  9,802,119  32,802,119  Less: Cumulative costs recognised in profit or loss  At 1 January  (34,764,206)  -  (109,365,600)  (144,129,806)  Costs incurred during the financial year  (3,928,122)  -  (88,369)  (4,016,491)  Reversal of completed projects  38,692,328  -  109,453,969  148,146,297  At 31 December  -  -  -  -  ## Carrying amount  At 31 December  -  23,000,000  9,802,119  32,802,119   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 77 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## (a) Property development costs (Cont'd)

| Freehold  Leasehold  Development  land  land  expenditure  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  Cumulative property development costs  At 1 January  37,481,624  -  84,526,910  122,008,534  Costs incurred during the financial year  -  23,000,000  27,298,525  50,298,525  At 31 December  37,481,624  23,000,000  111,825,435  172,307,059  Less: Cumulative costs recognised in profit or loss  At 1 January  (24,209,380)  -  (80,547,231)  (104,756,611)  Costs incurred during the financial year  (10,554,826)  -  (28,818,369)  (39,373,195)  At 31 December  (34,764,206)  -  (109,365,600)  (144,129,806)  Carrying amount  At 31 December  2,717,418  23,000,000  2,459,835  28,177,253   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 10. Inventories (Cont'd)

## (a) Property development costs (Cont'd)

During the financial year, the following costs are capitalised to property development costs:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Sales commission  -  908,853  Staff costs (Note 28)  -  428,300  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  capitalised  sales  commission  in  relation  to  the  property  development contracts entered into as incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers in property  development  costs.  These  costs  are  expected  to  be  recoverable  and  are amortised to profit or loss as cost of sales when the related revenue is recognised. In the current financial year, RM225,684 (2021: RM1,949,559) was amortised and no impairment was recorded.

## (b) Right-of-use assets

Included in the net carrying amount of leasehold land of the Group are right-of-use assets amounted to RM23,000,000 (2021: RM23,000,000).

## (c) Leasehold land

The remaining lease term of leasehold land is ranging from 87 to 98 years (2021: 88 years to 99 years).

## 11. Contract Assets

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Current  Contract assets  Property development activities (a)  4,164,006  45,415,233  Construction activities (b)  40,037  -  4,204,043  45,415,233  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 78 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 79 -

## 11. Contract Assets (Cont'd)

- (a) Property development activities

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  45,415,233  12,981,438  Property development revenue  recognised during the financial year  13,150,880  54,344,682  Less: Billings during the financial year  (54,402,107)  (21,910,887)  At 31 December  4,164,006  45,415,233  Presented as:  Contract assets  4,164,006  45,415,233  Group   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contract assets primarily relate to the Group's rights to consideration for work performed  but  not  yet  billed  at  the  reporting  date  for  its  property  development activities. The contract assets will be transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

- (b) Construction activities

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Contract cost incurred to-date  521,407  -  Attributable profits  31,839  -  553,246  -  Less: Progress billings  (513,209)  -  40,037  -  Presented as:  Contract assets  40,037  -  Group   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Contract value yet to be recognised as revenue

As of the reporting date, revenue expected to be recognised in the future relating to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) is RM28,124,693 (2021: RM13,499,350). The Group expects to recognise this revenue as the construction contracts are completed, which is expected to occur over the next 1-12 months.

Registration No.

## 12. Trade Receivables

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Trade receivables  364,936  7,304,267  Retension sum  8,270,121  -  8,635,057  7,304,267  Less: Accumulated impairment losses  -  (5,282)  8,635,057  7,298,985  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days) term. They are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition.

Movements in the allowance for impairment losses of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  5,282  5,282  Reversal of impairment losses  (5,282)  -  At 31 December  -  5,282  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables is used to record loss allowance. Unless  the  Group  are  satisfied  that  recovery  of  the  amount  is  possible,  the  amount considered irrecoverable is written off against the receivable directly.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 80 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 81 -

## 12. Trade Receivables (Cont'd)

The aged analysis of trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period are as follow:

| Gross  Loss  Net  amount  allowance  amount  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Not past due  8,403,368  -  8,403,368  Past due :  61 to 90 days  68,713  -  68,713  More than 90 days  162,976  -  162,976  231,689  -  231,689  8,635,057  -  8,635,057  2021  Not past due  7,283,091  -  7,283,091  Past due :  More than 90 days  21,176  (5,282)  15,894  7,304,267  (5,282)  7,298,985   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables that  are  not  past  due  are  creditworthy  receivables  with  good  payment records with the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, trade receivables of RM231,689 (2021: RM15,894) were past due but not impaired. These relate to a number of independent customers from whom there is no recent history of default.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 82 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 13. Amount Due from/(to) Subsidiary Companies

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Amount due from subsidiary  companies  Non-trade related  Non-interest bearing  59,470,885  35,209,919  Less: Accumulated impairment losses  (25,162,648)  (76,730)  34,308,237  35,133,189  Amount due to subsidiary  companies  Non-trade related  Non-interest bearing  (2,066,110)  (3,233,110)  Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements  in  the  allowance  for  impairment  losses  of  amount  due  from  subsidiary companies are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  76,730  76,730  Impairment losses recognised  25,085,918  -  At 31 December  25,162,648  76,730  Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amount  due  from/(to)  subsidiary  companies  are  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing  and repayable on demand.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 14. Deposits, Bank and Cash Balances

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Cash and bank balances  6,851,100  2,147,131  915,985  1,603,024  Housing Development  Accounts  6,973,874  299,971  -  -  Deposits with license banks  3,976,787  3,830,000  -  -  Total cash and bank balances  17,801,761  6,277,102  915,985  1,603,024  Less: Deposits pledged with  license banks  (3,976,787)  (3,830,000)  -  -  Total cash and cash equivalent  13,824,974  2,447,102  915,985  1,603,024  Group  Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Housing Development Accounts pursuant to Housing Development (Control and Licensing) Act, 1966 and are restricted from use in other operations.

Fixed  deposits  pledged  with  licensed  banks  of  the  Company  amounting  to  RM3,976,787 (2021:  RM3,830,000) are pledged as performance bond guarantee favouring Kementerian Kesejahteraan Bandar, Perumahan dan Kerajaan Tempatan, Jabatan Perumahan (KPKT) for the development of Amani Residence located in Bandar Puteri Puchong.

The interest rates and maturity period of deposits with licensed banks of the Group as at the end of the reporting period is 2.85% (2021: 2.9%) per annum and 1 month (2021: 1 month) respectively.

- 83 -

Registration No.

## 15. Share Capital

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Unit  Unit  RM  RM  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January  213,706,069  168,116,219  41,640,651  45,291,145  Issuance of shares  pursuant to:  - private placement  98,000,000  34,845,400  18,560,500  12,477,281  - exercise of SIS options  31,180,800  10,532,874  - exercise of warrant  -  10,744,450  -  3,438,224  Warrants reserve  -  -  1,934,001  Share capital reduction  -  -  -  (21,500,000)  At 31 December  342,886,869  213,706,069  70,734,025  41,640,651  Group and Company  Number of shares  Amount   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial year, the Company issued:

- (a) 98,000,000 new ordinary shares at issue price ranging from RM0.185 to RM0.192 per ordinary share for a total cash consideration of RM18,560,500 through private placement; and
- (b) 31,180,800 new ordinary shares through the exercise of the Share Issuance Scheme ('SIS')  Options  at  an  issue  price  of  RM0.27  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of RM8,418,816.

In the previous financial year, the Company issued:

- (a) 34,845,400 new ordinary shares at issue price of ranging RM0.27 to RM0.4150 per ordinary  share  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of  RM12,687,367  through  private placement; and
- (b) 10,744,450 new ordinary shares pursuant to the conversion of Warrants 2014/2021 at the exercise price of RM0.32 per ordinary shares.

In the previous financial year, the Company completed a reduction of share capital via the cancellation  of  issued  share  capital  of  RM21,500,000  and  the  credit  arising  from  such share reduction to be utilised to eliminate the accumulated.

The new ordinary shares issued rank pari passu in all respects with the existing ordinary shares of the Company.

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions and rank equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 84 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 85 -

## 16. Reserves

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM  RM  RM  RM  Warrants reserve  (a)  -  -  -  -  Foreign currency  translation reserve  (b)  5,723,392  4,546,877  -  -  Share Issuance Scheme  Option reserve  (c)  2,057,094  2,114,058  2,057,094  2,114,058  Retained earnings  15,165,492  32,436,107  (23,081,444)  7,024,335  22,945,978  39,097,042  (21,024,350)  9,138,393  Group  Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Warrants reserve

On 24 December 2014, 75,586,889 units of Warrants 2014/2021 were issued for free by  the  Company  to  the  subscribers  of  the  rights  issue  of  the  Company's  ordinary shares.  The  Warrants  are  constituted  by  a  deed  poll  dated  2  December  2014.  The Warrants were listed on Bursa Malaysia on 31 December 2014.

Salient features of the Warrants are as follows:

- (i) Each  warrant  entitles  the  registered  holder  at  any  time  during  the  exercise period to subscribe for one (1) new ordinary share of RM0.25 in the Company at the exercise price of RM0.32 per ordinary share.
- (ii) The exercise price and the number of Warrants are subject to adjustment in the event of alteration to the share capital by the Company in accordance with the conditions provided in the deed poll.
- (iii) The Warrants shall be exercisable at any time within the period commencing on and including the date of issue on 24 December 2014 of the Warrants and ending on the date preceding the seventh anniversary of the date of issue of the Warrants.
- (iv) Upon exercise of the Warrants into new ordinary shares, such shall rank pari passu in all  respects with the existing shares of  the Company in issue at the time of exercise except that they shall not be entitled to any dividend or other distributions  declared  in  respect  of  a  financial  period  prior  to  the  financial period in which the Warrants are exercised or any interim dividend declared prior to the date of exercise of the Warrants.
- (v) At  the  expiry  of  the  exercise  period,  any  Warrants  which  have  not  been exercised will lapse and cease to be valid for any purpose.

Registration No.

## 16. Reserves (Cont'd)

## (a) Warrants reserve (Cont'd)

The  warrants  expired  on  23  December  2021.  Pursuant to  that,  warrants  reserve  in relation to the unexercised warrants has been transferred to retained earnings.

- (b) Foreign currency translation reserve

The  foreign  currency  translation  reserve  represents  exchange  differences  arising from  the  translation of  the  financial  statements  of  foreign  operations  whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## (c) Share Issuance Scheme Option reserve

Share  Issuance  Scheme  Option  reserve  represents  an  equity-settled  share  options granted to  employees. The reserve is made up of the cumulative value of services received  from  employees  recorded  over  the  vesting  period  commencing  from  the grant date of equity-settled share options, and is reduced by the expiry or exercise of the share options. Share Issuance Scheme Option is disclosed in Note 31.

## 17. Deferred Tax Liabilities

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  8,622,842  7,053,764  Recognised in profit or loss (Note 26)  (2,481,026)  (1,046,823)  Addition through business combination  -  2,400,000  Exchange differences  332,695  215,901  At 31 December  6,474,511  8,622,842  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 86 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 87 -

## 17. Deferred Tax Liabilities (Cont'd)

The  net  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  shown  on  the  statements  of  financial  position after appropriate offsetting are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Deferred tax liabilites  6,507,400  8,623,615  158  113  Deferred tax assets  (32,889)  (773)  (158)  (113)  6,474,511  8,622,842  -  -  Group  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to offsetting are as follows:

| Revaluation  Accelerated  of investment  capital  property  allowances  Others  Total  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Deferred tax liabilities  2022  At 1 January  6,222,842  773  2,400,000  8,623,615  Recognised in  profit or loss  (2,481,026)  32,077  -  (2,448,949)  Effect on changes in  exchange rate  332,695  -  -  332,695  Under provision in  prior year  -  39  -  39  At 31 December  4,074,511  32,889  2,400,000  6,507,400  2021  At 1 January  7,053,764  1,059  -  7,054,823  Recognised in  profit or loss  (1,046,823)  (286)  -  (1,047,109)  Acquisition through  business combination  -  -  2,400,000  2,400,000  Effect on changes in  exchange rate  215,901  -  -  215,901  At 31 December  6,222,842  773  2,400,000  8,623,615   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 17. Deferred Tax Liabilities (Cont'd)

The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities prior to offsetting are as follows: (Cont'd)

| Unabsorbed  Unutlised  capital  tax losses  allowances  Total  RM  RM  RM  Group  Deferred tax assets  2022  At 1 January  -  (773)  (773)  Recognised in profit or loss  (32,071)  (6)  (32,077)  Under provision in prior year  (660)  621  (39)  At 31 December  (32,731)  (158)  (32,889)  2021  At 1 January  (1,059)  (1,059)  Recognised in profit or loss  286  286  At 31 December  (773)  (773)  2022  2021  RM  RM  Company  Deferred tax liabilities  At 1 January  113  61  Recognised in profit or loss  6  52  Under provision in prior year  39  -  At 31 December  158  113  2022  2021  RM  RM  Company  Deferred tax assets  At 1 January  (113)  (61)  Recognised in profit or loss  (6)  (52)  Under provision in prior year  (39)  -  At 31 December  (158)  (113)  Accelerated capital allowances  Unabsorbed capital allowances   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 88 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 17. Deferred Tax Liabilities (Cont'd)

The  amounts  of  temporary  differences  for  which  no  deferred  tax  assets  have  been recognised are as: follow:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Unabsorbed capital  allowances  210,517  125,366  125,957  124,746  Unutilised tax losses  11,776,879  4,602,377  3,517,947  3,517,947  11,987,396  4,727,743  3,643,904  3,642,693  Group  Company   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred  tax  assets  have  not  been  recognised  in  respect  of  these  items  as  they  may  not have  sufficient  taxable  profits  to  be  used  to  offset  or  they  have  arisen  in  subsidiary companies that have a recent history of losses.

## 18. Bank Borrowings

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Secured  Term loans  3,394,129  -  Non-current  Term loans  3,192,674  -  Current  Term loans  201,455  -  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The term loans are secured by the following:
- (i) fixed charges over the ROU assets as disclosed in Note 7; and
- (ii) corporate guaranteed by the Company.
- (b) The interest rates per annum is 5.42% (2021: Nil)

- 89 -

Registration No.

## 19. Trade Payables

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Third parties  4,283,921  1,792,203  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

Credit terms of trade payables of the Group ranged from 30 to 90 days (2021: 30 to 90 days) depending on the terms of the contracts.

## 20. Other Payables

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Other payables  16,782,608  29,250,569  185,725  296,234  Accruals  977,350  820,557  58,030  52,300  17,759,958  30,071,126  243,755  348,534  Group  Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in other payables are RM12,377,252 (2021: RM12,030,639) being the balance of land  owner  entitlement  payable  to  Fivestar  Development  (Puchong)  Sdn.  Bhd..  The amount is subject to payment upon completion and receive of Certificate Completion and Compliance for project Amani Residence.

## 21. Lease Liabilities

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  At 1 January  -  -  Acquisition through business combination  115,782  -  Additions  -  421,574  Payments  (30,529)  (198,000)  Interest expense recognised in profit or loss  939  7,239  Termination of lease contract  -  (230,813)  At 31 December  86,192  -  Presented as:  Current  86,192  -  Group   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 90 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 21. Lease Liabilities (Cont'd)

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities of the Group at the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Within one year  86,296  -  Less: Future finance charges  (104)  -  Present value of lease liabilities  86,192  -  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases motor vehicles.  Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

## 22. Amount Due to Directors

This represents unsecured advances, non-interest bearing and is repayable on demand.

## 23. Revenue

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Revenue from contracts with customers,  recognised over time:  - Property development and construction  8,072,377  59,815,477  8,072,377  59,815,477  Revenue from other sources, recognised  point at time:  - Rental income from investment properties  78,592  124,471  8,150,969  59,939,948  Group   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 91 -

Registration No.

## 23. Revenue (Cont'd)

Breakdown of the Group's revenue from contracts with customers:

| Property  development  and construction  RM  Group  2022  Major goods and services  Property development, representing total  revenue from contracts with customers  8,072,377  Geographical market  Malaysia, representing total revenue from  contracts with customers  8,072,377  Timing of revenue recognition  Over time, representing total  revenue from contracts with customers  8,072,377  2021  Major goods and services  Property development, representing total  revenue from contracts with customers  59,815,477  Geographical market  Malaysia, representing total revenue from  contracts with customers  59,815,477  Timing of revenue recognition  Over time, representing total  revenue from contracts with customers  59,815,477   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 92 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

- 93 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U)

## 24. Finance Costs

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Interest expenses on:  -Lease liabilities  939  7,239  -Term loans  55,670  -  56,609  7,239  Group   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. (Loss)/Profit Before Tax

(Loss)/Profit before  tax  is  determined  after  charging/(crediting)  amongst  other,  the following items:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Auditors' remuneration:  Statutory audit  - Current year provision  172,554  152,079  46,000  41,000  - Non-audit services  5,000  5,000  5,000  5,000  Depreciation of:  - property, plant and equipment  124,964  53,503  1,035  1,679  - right-of-use assets  72,511  201,935  -  -  Fair value loss on  investment properties  4,961,893  3,076,533  -  -  Foreign exchange gain  - Unrealised  (1,494,073)  (1,868,737)  -  -  Gain on termination of lease  contract  -  (11,174)  -  -  Government subsidy  -  (69,176)  -  -  Interest income  (265,248)  (133,164)  (1,529)  (1,304)  Impairment loss on goodwill  3,271,484  2,399,998  -  -  Impairment loss on other  receivables  -  4,244,728  -  -  Impairment loss on investment  of subsidiary companies  -  -  1,380,623  -  Group  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 25. (Loss)/Profit Before Tax (Cont'd)

(Loss)/Profit before  tax  is  determined  after  charging/(crediting)  amongst  other,  the following items: (Cont'd)

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Impairment loss on amount  due from subsidiary companies  -  -  25,085,918  -  Lease expenses relating to  - Short-term leases  939  26,500  -  -  - Low-value assets  -  49,680  -  -  Non-executive Directors'  remuneration  - Fees  543,129  260,500  543,129  260,500  - Other emoluments  33,700  4,000  33,700  4,000  Property, plant and equipment  written off  450  119  450  -  Reversal of impairment loss on  trade receivables  (5,282)  -  -  -  Share based payments  expenses  2,057,094  2,114,058  2,057,094  2,114,058  Group  Company   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Taxation

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Tax expenses recognised  in profit or loss  Current tax provision  - Malaysia income tax  -  3,628,096  -  -  Under/(Over) provision in  prior years  285,008  (194,991)  -  -  285,008  3,433,105  -  -  Deferred tax (Note 17)  Origination and reversal of  temporary differences  (2,481,026)  (1,046,823)  -  -  Tax (credit)/expense for  the financial year  (2,196,018)  2,386,282  -  -  Group  Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 94 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

- 95 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 Decmber 2022 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U)

## 26. Taxation (Cont'd)

Malaysian income tax is calculated at  the  statutory  tax  rate  of  24%  (2021:  24%)  of  the estimated  assessable  profits  for  the  financial  year.  Taxation  for  other  jurisdiction  is calculated at the rates prevailing in the respective jurisdictions.

A  reconciliation  of  income  tax  expenses  applicable  to  (loss)/profit  before  tax  at  the statutory income tax rate to  income tax expenses at the effective income tax  rate of the Group and of the Company are as follows:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  (Loss)/Profit before tax  (19,468,277)  4,537,183  (30,105,779)  (3,406,632)  At Malaysian statutory tax  rate of 24% (2021: 24%)  (4,672,386)  1,088,924  (7,225,387)  (817,592)  Effects of different tax rates  in other jurisdictions  373,187  154,491  -  -  (4,299,199)  1,243,415  (7,225,387)  (817,592)  Expenses not deductible for  tax purposes  2,579,448  2,418,916  7,226,130  660,706  Effect of group relief  -  (156,806)  -  -  Income not subject to tax  (22,566)  (53,968)  (1,034)  -  Deferred tax movement  arising from investment  property  (2,481,026)  (1,046,823)  -  -  Deferred tax assets not  recognised during the  financial year  1,742,317  176,539  291  156,886  Under/(Over) provision of  tax in prior years  285,008  (194,991)  -  -  Tax (credit)/expense for  the financial year  (2,196,018)  2,386,282  -  -  Company  Group   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 26. Taxation (Cont'd)

The  Group  and  the  Company  have  the  following  estimated  unutilised  tax  losses  and unabsorbed capital allowances available to carry forward to offset against future taxable profit. The said amounts are subject to approval by the tax authorities.

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Unabsorbed capital  allowances  211,177  126,000  126,617  125,380  Unutilised tax losses  11,913,260  4,605,129  3,517,947  3,517,947  12,124,437  4,731,129  3,644,564  3,643,327  Company  Group   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to an amendment to Section 44(5F) of the Income Tax Act 1967, effective from year of assessment 2019 onwards, the unutilised tax losses can be carried forward for a maximum  period  of  ten  consecutive  years  of  assessment.  The  unutilised  tax  losses accumulated  up  to  year  of  assessment  2018  can  be  carried  forward  for  another  ten consecutive  years  of  assessment  until  year  of  assessment  2028.  The  unabsorbed  capital allowances do not expire under current tax legislation.

Pursuant to Section 44(5F) of the Income Tax Act 1967, the unutilised tax losses can only be carried forward until the following years of assessment.

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Unutilised tax losses to be  carried forward until  year of assessment:  - YA2028  4,456,512  4,456,512  3,517,947  3,517,947  - YA2030  148,617  148,617  -  -  - YA2031  59,044  -  -  -  - YA2032  7,249,087  -  -  -  11,913,260  4,605,129  3,517,947  3,517,947  Group  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 96 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 Decmber 2022 (Cont'd)

- 97 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U)

## 27. (Loss)/Earnings Per Share

- (a) Basic (loss)/earnings per share

The  basic  (loss)/earnings  per  share  are  calculated  based  on  the  consolidated (loss)/profit  for  the  financial  year  attributable  to  owners  of  the  parent  and  the weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  in  issue  during  the  financial  year  as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  (Loss)/Profit attributable to owners of the parent  (17,270,615)  2,150,901  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares in issue  Issued ordinary shares at 1 January  213,706,069  168,116,219  Effect of ordinary shares issued during  the financial year  36,592,696  2,900,365  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  at 31 December  250,298,765  171,016,584  Basic (loss)/earnings per shares (in sen)  (6.90)  1.26  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 27. (Loss)/Earnings Per Share (Cont'd)

- (b) Diluted (loss)/earnings per share

Diluted (loss)/earnings per share are calculated based on the adjusted consolidated (loss)/profit  for  the  financial  year  attributable  to  owners  of  the  parent  and  the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year have been adjusted for the dilutive effects of all potential ordinary shares as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  (Loss)/Profit attributable to owners of the parent  (17,270,615)  2,150,901  Weighted average number of ordinary  shares used in the calculation of basic  earnings per share  250,298,765  171,016,584  Effect of share options on issue  2,126,029  4,837,699  Weighted average number of  ordinary shares at 31 December (diluted)  252,424,794  175,854,283  Diluted (loss)/earnings per shares (in sen)  (6.84)  1.22  Group   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Staff Costs

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Salaries and other emoluments  3,640,279  2,961,402  10,000  -  Defined contribution plans  410,696  337,389  -  -  Social security contributions  23,453  20,022  -  -  Employee Insurance Scheme  3,806  2,127  -  -  4,078,234  3,320,940  10,000  -  Less: Staff costs capitalised in property  development costs (Note 10)  -  (428,300)  -  -  4,078,234  2,892,640  10,000  -  Group  Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 98 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

- 99 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U)

## 28. Staff Costs (Cont'd)

Included in staff cost is aggregate amount of remuneration received and receivable by the Executive Directors of the Company during the financial year as below:

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  RM  RM  RM  RM  Executive Directors  Existing Directors of the Company  Salaries and other emoluments  942,274  683,974  10,000  -  Defined contribution plans  107,484  81,065  -  -  Social security contributions  10,707  1,186  -  -  1,060,465  766,225  10,000  -  Group  Company   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. Related Party Disclosures

## (a) Identifying related parties

For the purposes of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the  Group  if  the  Group  or  the  Company  has  the  ability,  directly  or  indirectly,  to control or joint control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group or the Company  and  the  party  are  subject  to  common  control.  Related  parties  may  be individuals or other entities.

Related  parties  also  include  key  management  personnel  defined  as  those  persons having  authority  and  responsibility  for  planning,  directing  and  controlling  the activities of the Group either directly or indirectly. The key management personnel comprise the Directors  and  management personnel  of the  Group, having  authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group entities directly or indirectly.

## (b) Significant related party transactions

Related party transactions have been entered into in the normal course of business under negotiated terms. Other than the related party balances disclosed in Notes 13 and 22 the Group and the Company do not have any related party transaction during the financial year.

## (c) Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of key management  personnel is same  as the Directors' remuneration as disclosed in Note 28.

198301015973 (111365-U)

Registration No.

- 100 -

Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities

The table below shows the details changes in the liabilities of the Group and of the Company arising from financing activities, including both

cash and non-cash changes:

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Non-cash changes  At 1 January  Financing cash  flows (i)  Acquisition through  business combination  At 31  December  Group  RM  RM  RM  RM  2022  Term loan  -  3,394,129  -  3,394,129  Lease liabilities  -  (29,590)  115,782  86,192  -  3,364,539  115,782  3,480,321  Non-cash  changes  At 1 January  Financing cash  flows (i)  New lease  (Note 21)  Other changes  (ii)  At 31  December  RM  RM  RM  RM  2021  Lease liabilities  -  (190,761)  421,574  (230,813)  -  At 1 January  Financing  cash flows (i)  At 31  December  RM  RM  RM  Company  2022  Amount due from subsidiary companies  3,233,110  (1,167,000)  2,066,110   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U) - 101 -

## 30. Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities (Cont'd)

- (i) The net amount of the financing cash flows was make-up from the followings:
- (a) proceeds from and repayment of borrowings;
- (b) repayment of lease liabilities; and
- (c) repayment of amount due to subsidiary companies.
- (ii) Other changes include termination of lease contracts and finance cost charged.

## 31. Share Issuance Scheme ('SIS')

At an Extraordinary General  Meeting  held  on  24  March  2021,  the  Company's shareholders approved the establishment of SIS for eligible Directors and employees of the Group.

The salient features of the SIS Options are as follows:

- (a) Any  employee  of  the  Group  shall  be  eligible  if  as  at  the  date  of  offer,  the employee:
- (i) has attained at least eighteen (18) years of age;
- (ii) is  an  employee  in  a  company  within  the  Group,  which  is  not  dormant belonging to such categories of employment as determined by the Option Committee; and
- (iii) who falls  under  such  categories  and  criteria  that  the  Option  Committee may decide as its absolute discretion from time to time.
- (b) Any Director of the Group shall be eligible if as at the date of offer, the Director
- (i) is at least eighteen (18) years of age; and
- (ii) has been appointed as Director of a company within the Group, which is not dormant.
- (c) The maximum number of new shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the SIS Options which may be granted under the SIS Scheme shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the total  issued and  paid-up  share  capital  (excluding  treasury shares, if any) of the Company at any point of time throughout the duration of the SIS.
- (d) The options granted may be exercised any time upon the satisfaction of vesting conditions of each offer.
- (e) The SIS shall be in force for a period of five (5) years from the first grant date.

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 102 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## 31. Share Issuance Scheme ('SIS') (Cont'd)

The salient features of the SIS Options are as follows: (Cont'd)

- (f) The  options  granted  may  be  exercised  in  full  or  in  lesser  number  of  ordinary shares  provided  that  the  number  shall  be  in  multiples  of  and  not  less  than  100 shares.

The terms and conditions relating to the grants of the new share option programme are as follows; all options are to be settled by physical delivery of shares:

| Number  Contractual  Granted date  of options  Vesting conditions  life of options  3 August 2021  31,180,800  Not applicable  5 years  29 November 2022  17,627,200  Not applicable  5 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement  in  the  number  of  share  options  and  the  weighted  average  exercise  price ('WAEP') are as follows:

| At  At  1.1.2022  Granted  Exercised  31.12.2022  SIS  First Grant  31,180,800  -  (31,180,800)  -  Second Grant  -  17,627,200  -  17,627,200  WAEP  0.27  0.19  0.27  0.19  ## Number of options over ordinary shares   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair values of share options granted were estimated using a binomial option pricing model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted.

## 32. Material Litigations

- (i) Nagamas  Venture  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('Plaintiff'  or  'NVSB')  vs  Silverland  Capital  Sdn Bhd. ('Defendant' or 'SCSB')

NVSB had on 28 July  2021  commenced a civil  litigation  via  Writ  of  Summons dated 28 July 2021 against SCSB.

NVSB is  claiming  the  following  from  SCSB  through  the  Writ  of  Summon  and Statement of Claim:

- (a) SCSB pays NVSB a sum of RM4,430,000.00;

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U) - 103 -

## 32. Material Litigations (Cont'd)

- (i) Nagamas Venture Sdn. Bhd. ('Plaintiff' or 'NVSB') vs Silverland Capital Sdn Bhd. ('Defendant' or 'SCSB') (Cont'd)

NVSB  is  claiming  the  following  from  SCSB  through  the  Writ  of  Summon  and Statement of Claim: (Cont'd)

- (b) SCSB shall transfer and/or cause the registration of ownership and title of the property units in Silverlakes Brands Village, that is identified and chosen by the NVSB and equivalent to the developer selling price of RM4,430,000.00, in the name of the NVSB and/or its nominees within Thirty (30) days of issuance of the Certificate of Completion and Compliance toward the said Development;
- (c) Interest  at  the  rate  of  5%  per  annum  on  the  judgment  sum  from  the  date  of judgment till full and final settlement;
- (d) Costs; and
- (e) Any other relief that this Honourable Court thinks fit and proper.

On 22 November 2021, NVSB filed an application for summary judgement of its claim ('SJ application'). The SJ application was dismissed on 28 July 2022 and this matter was ordered to proceed for trial. The Court has fixed the above matter for pretrial case management (e-review) on 18 July 2023.

- (ii) Chan  Sei  Yong,  Lionel  Khoo  Tiong  Giaw  and  Fu  Sek  Jin  (collectively,  the 'Applicants')  and  Ministry  of  Urban  Wellbeing,  Housing  and  Local  Government ('R1'),  Controller  of  Housing  of  the  Ministry  of  Urban  Wellbeing,  Housing  and Local  Government  ('R2')  and  JKI  Development  Sdn.  Bhd.  (a  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) ('R3') (collectively, the 'Respondents')

On  17  June  2022,  the  Applicants  filed  an  application  for  Judicial  Review  ('JR Application') seeking among others, the following reliefs:

- (a) The Applicants to be given leave to apply for an extension of time to file this JR Application;
- (b) The Applicants to be given leave to apply for a Certiorari Order to revoke the decision  of  R2  vide  its  letter  dated  24  February  2017  ('R2  Letter')  in amending the time period for delivery of vacant possession from 36 months to 48 months in respect of the Sale and Purchase Agreement (Schedule H) signed between R3 and the Applicants as buyers of the Amani Residence in Puchong ('SPA');

Registration No.

## 32. Material Litigations (Cont'd)

- (ii) Chan  Sei  Yong,  Lionel  Khoo  Tiong  Giaw  and  Fu  Sek  Jin  (collectively,  the 'Applicants')  and  Ministry  of  Urban  Wellbeing,  Housing  and  Local  Government ('R1'),  Controller  of  Housing  of  the  Ministry  of  Urban  Wellbeing,  Housing  and Local  Government  ('R2')  and  JKI  Development  Sdn.  Bhd.  (a  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) ('R3') (collectively, the 'Respondents') (Cont'd)

On  17  June  2022,  the  Applicants  filed  an  application  for  Judicial  Review  ('JR Application') seeking among others, the following reliefs: (Cont'd)

- (c) The Applicants to be given leave to apply for a Certiorari Order to revoke the decision of R1 vide its letter dated 11 March 2022 ('R1 Letter') in granting a waiver period of 153 days pursuant to the Temporary Measures for Reducing the  Impact  of  the  Coronavirus  Disease  2019  (COVID-19) (Amendment)  Act 2022  ('Covid  Act'),  for  the  purpose  of  computing  the  date  of  delivery  of vacant possession in respect of the SPA;
- (d) The Applicants be given leave to apply or in the alternative, a declaration that:
- (i) The R2 Letter is invalid and in excess of jurisdiction as provided under the Housing Development (Control and Licensing) Act 1966 ('HDA');
- (ii) The R1 Letter is invalid and in excess of jurisdiction and/or contravenes the provisions of the Covid Act and/or HDA; and
- (iii) Rule 11(3)  of  the  Housing  Development  (Control  and  Licensing) Regulations 1989 is ultra vires the HAD.
- (e) An  order  that  the  Applicants  are  entitled  to  claim  liquidated  ascertained damages under the SPA ('LAD'), calculated from the expiry of a 36-month period from the date booking payment is made by the Applicants.

The application has been fixed for case management (e-review) on 15 May 2023, for parties to comply with the following directions:

- (a) 1 st and 2 nd respondents to file their Affidavit in reply on or before 10 April 2023; and
- (b) Applicants to file their Affidavit in reply on or before 10 May 2023.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 104 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 105 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd) Registration No. 198301015973 (111365-U)

## 32. Material Litigations (Cont'd)

- (iii) JKI Development Sdn. Bhd. ('JKIDSB') vs Fivestar Development (Puchong) Sdn. Bhd. ('FDSB')

On 6 December 2022, JKIDSB received a Statutory Notice of Demand Pursuant To Section 455(1)(e) read together with Section 466(1)(a) of the Companies Act 2016 dated 6 December 2022 ('Notice') by Messrs. James Monteiro, the Solicitors who act  on  behalf  of  FDSB  demanding  for  the  payment  of  the  outstanding  sums  of RM12,983,569.67 due and owing by JKIDSB arising from failure to pay pursuant to the Joint Venture Development Agreement dated 28 July 2015 and the Supplementary  Joint  Venture  Development  Agreement  dated  5  October  2016 ('Agreement').

On 14 December 2022, JKIDSB filed a Fortuna Injunction to prohibit and restrain FDSB from filing and presenting a winding-up petition against JKIDSB. The hearing was fixed for Decision on 20 April 2023.

On 20 April 2023, JKIDSB has successfully obtained the following orders against FDSB:

- (a) A  Declaration that the Section 466 Notice issued by FDSB to JKIDSB is an abuse of Court's process;
- (b) A  Declaration  that  there  are  bona  fide  issues  in  dispute  between  FDSB  and JKIDSB;
- (c) A Declaration that the Section 466 Notice issued by FDSB was not bona fide but an act to apply undue pressure on JKIDSB to pay sums that are disputed and not due and owing from JKIDSB;
- (d) A  prohibitory  Injunction  against  FDSB  from  filing  any  winding  up  petition against JKIDSB;
- (e) General Damages to be assessed; and
- (f) No order as to cost.

Registration No.

## 33. Segment Information

For  management  purposes,  the  Group  is  organised  into  business  units  based  on  their products and services, and has two reportable segments as follows:

Property development and construction

Develop and provides construction services for residential, industrial and commercial property

Property management and investment holding

Provision of management, marketing and consultancy services

The  Group  Executive  Committee  assesses  the  performance  of  the  operating  segments based on operating profit or loss which is measured differently from those disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of  making  decisions  about  resource  allocation  and  performance  assessment.  Segment performance is evaluated based on profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.

Transactions between segments are carried out on agreed terms between both parties. The effects of such inter-segment transactions are eliminated on consolidation. The measurement  basis  and  classification  are  consistent  with  those  adopted  in  the  previous financial year.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 106 -

<!-- image -->

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

- 107 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Property  Property  management and  development  investment  Total  Adjustments  and construction  holding  segments  and elimination  Consolidated  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Revenue  External customers  - Property development  8,072,377  -  8,072,377  8,072,377  - Rental income from investment properties  -  78,592  78,592  -  78,592  8,072,377  78,592  8,150,969  -  8,150,969  Inter-segment  4,169,302  -  4,169,302  (4,169,302)  -  Total Revenue  12,241,679  78,592  12,320,271  (4,169,302)  8,150,969  Results  Segment result  (7,891,480)  (45,216,251)  (53,107,731)  33,430,815  (19,676,916)  Finance costs  (56,609)  -  (56,609)  -  (56,609)  Finance income  263,719  1,529  265,248  -  265,248  Loss before tax  (7,684,370)  (45,214,722)  (52,899,092)  33,430,815  (19,468,277)  Taxation  (285,008)  2,481,026  2,196,018  -  2,196,018  Loss for the financial year  (7,969,378)  (42,733,696)  (50,703,074)  33,430,815  (17,272,259)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

Registration No.

- 108 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Property  Property  management and  development  investment  Total  Adjustments  and construction  holding  segments  and elimination  Consolidated  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Segment assets  119,022,761  76,978,836  196,001,597  (69,837,526)  126,164,071  Including in the measurement of assets are:  Capital expenditure relating to:  -property, plant and equipment  267,777  -  267,777  -  267,777  - right-of-use assets  4,092,000  -  4,092,000  -  4,092,000  Segment liabilities  91,292,062  20,811,564  112,103,626  (79,907,630)  32,195,996  Other non-cash items  Depreciation of:  - property, plant and equipment  123,915  1,049  124,964  -  124,964  - right-of-use assets  72,511  -  72,511  -  72,511  Fair value loss on investment properties  -  4,961,893  4,961,893  -  4,961,893  Unrealised foreign exchange gain  -  (1,494,073)  (1,494,073)  -  (1,494,073)  Impairment loss on goodwill  3,271,484  -  3,271,484  -  3,271,484  Property, plant and equipment written off  -  450  450  -  450  Share based expenses  -  2,057,094  2,057,094  -  2,057,094  Reversal of impairment loss in trade receivables  (5,282)  -  (5,282)  -  (5,282)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 109 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## Segment Information (Cont'd)

| Property  Property  management and  development  investment  Total  Adjustments  and construction  holding  segments  and elimination  Consolidated  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  Revenue  External customers  - Property development  59,815,477  -  59,815,477  -  59,815,477  - Rental income from investment properties  -  124,471  124,471  -  124,471  59,815,477  124,471  59,939,948  -  59,939,948  Inter-segment  17,868,909  -  17,868,909  (17,868,909)  -  Total Revenue  77,684,386  124,471  77,808,857  (17,868,909)  59,939,948  Results  Segment result  15,333,179  (9,914,933)  5,418,246  (1,006,988)  4,411,258  Finance costs  (7,239)  -  (7,239)  -  (7,239)  Finance income  131,860  1,304  133,164  -  133,164  Profit/(Loss) before tax  15,457,800  (9,913,629)  5,544,171  (1,006,988)  4,537,183  Taxation  (3,433,105)  1,046,823  (2,386,282)  -  (2,386,282)  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  12,024,695  (8,866,806)  3,157,889  (1,006,988)  2,150,901   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

198301015973 (111365-U)

Registration No.

- 110 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Property  Property  management and  development  investment  Total  Adjustments  and construction  holding  segments  and elimination  Consolidated  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  Segment assets  83,335,349  107,699,735  191,035,084  (68,612,410)  122,422,674  Including in the measurement of assets are:  Capital expenditure relating to:  -property, plant and equipment  552,139  -  552,139  -  552,139  Segment liabilities  49,349,530  39,107,098  88,456,628  (46,771,647)  41,684,981  Other non-cash items  Depereciation of:  - property, plant and equipment  51,636  1,867  53,503  -  53,503  - right-of-use assets  201,935  -  201,935  -  201,935  Fair value loss on investment properties  -  3,076,533  3,076,533  -  3,076,533  Unrealised foreign exchange gain  -  (1,868,737)  (1,868,737)  -  (1,868,737)  Gain on termination of lease contract  (11,174)  -  (11,174)  -  (11,174)  Impairment loss on goodwill  2,399,998  -  2,399,998  -  2,399,998  Impairment loss on other receivables  -  4,244,728  4,244,728  -  4,244,728  Share based expenses  -  2,114,058  2,114,058  -  2,114,058  Property, plant and equipment written off  119  -  119  -  119   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 111 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## Segment Information (Cont'd)

## Geographic information

Breakdown of the Group's revenue from contract with customers:

| Property  Property  management and  development  investment  Total  Adjustments  and construction  holding  segments  and elimination  Consolidated  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  Revenue  Geographical market:  2022  Malaysia  - Property development  12,241,679  -  12,241,679  (4,169,302)  8,072,377  People's Republic of China  -  78,592  78,592  -  78,592  12,241,679  78,592  12,320,271  (4,169,302)  8,150,969  2021  Malaysia  - Property development  77,684,386  -  77,684,386  (17,868,909)  59,815,477  People's Republic of China  -  124,471  124,471  -  124,471  77,684,386  124,471  77,808,857  (17,868,909)  59,939,948   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 33. Segment Information (Cont'd)

Geographic information (Cont'd)

Non-current assets information based on the geographical location of assets are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Non-current assets  Malaysia  4,865,753  622,333  People's Republic of China  24,185,794  27,653,614  29,051,547  28,275,947  Group   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34. Financial Guarantee

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Unsecured  Corporate guarantee  Corporate guarantee given to licensed banks  f or credit facilities granted to subsidiary company  3,394,129  -  Corporate guarantee issued to third parties to obtain  credit term from suppliers of a subsidiary company  2,000,000  2,000,000  5,394,129  2,000,000  Company   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. Financial Instruments

## (a) Classification of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are measured on an ongoing basis either at fair value or at amortised cost. The principal accounting policies in Note 3 describe how the classes of financial instruments are measured, and how income and expense, including fair value gains and losses, are recognised.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 112 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 113 -

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (a) Classification of financial instruments (Cont'd)

The  following  table  analyses  the  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  in  the statements of financial position by the class of financial instruments to which they are assigned, and therefore by the measurement basis:

| 2022  2021  Group  RM  RM  Financial assets  Trade receivables  8,635,057  7,298,985  Other receivables  22,127,374  6,407,470  Deposits, bank and cash balances  17,801,761  6,277,102  48,564,192  19,983,557  Financial liabilities  Trade payables  4,283,921  1,792,203  Other payables  17,759,958  30,071,126  Bank borrowings  3,394,129  -  Lease liabilities  86,192  -  Amount due to Directors  197,285  -  25,721,485  31,863,329  At amortised cost  Company  Financial assets  Other receivables  3,892  150,941  Amount due from subsidiary companies  34,308,237  35,133,189  Deposits, bank and cash balances  915,985  1,603,024  35,228,114  36,887,154  Financial liabilities  Other payables  243,755  348,534  Amount due to subsidiary companies  2,066,110  3,233,110  2,309,865  3,581,644   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

## (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group's financial risk management policy is to ensure that adequate financial resources  are  available  for  the  development  of  the  Group's  operations  whilst managing  its  credit,  liquidity,  foreign  currency  and  interest  rate  risks.  The  Group operates  within  clearly  defined  guidelines  that  are  approved  by  the  Board  and  the Company's policy is not to engage in speculative transactions.

The  following  sections  provide  details  regarding  the  Group's  and  the  Company's exposure  to  the  abovementioned  financial  risks  and  the  objectives,  policies  and processes for the management of these risks.

## (i) Credit risk

Credit  risk  is  the  risk  of  a  financial  loss  to  the  Group  if  a  customer  or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations. The Group's exposure to credit risk arises principally from its receivables from customers and deposits with licensed banks. The Company's exposure to credit risk  arises  principally  from  advances  to  subsidiary  companies  and  financial guarantees given to banks for credit facilities granted to subsidiary companies. There are no significant changes as compared to previous financial year.

The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties. Management has a credit policy in place to control credit risk by dealing with creditworthy counterparties and deposits with licensed banks with good credit rating. The exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis and action will be taken for long outstanding debts.

The Company provides unsecured advances to subsidiary companies. It also provides unsecured financial guarantees to banks for banking facilities granted to certain subsidiary companies. The Company monitors on an ongoing basis the results of the subsidiary companies and repayments made by the subsidiary companies.

At each reporting date, the Group and the Company assess whether any if the receivables and contract assets are credit impaired.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 114 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd) - 115 -

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (i) Credit risk (Cont'd)

The gross carrying amounts of credit impaired trade receivables and contract assets are written off (either partial or full) when there is no realistic prospect of  recovery.  This  is  generally  the  case  when  the  Group  or  the  Company determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate  sufficient  cash  flows  to  repay  the  amounts  subject  to  the  write-off. Nevertheless,  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets  that  are  written  off  could still be subject to enforcement activities.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  financial  assets  recorded  on  the  statements  of financial position at the end of the financial year represent the Group's and the Company's maximum exposure to credit risk except  for financial guarantees provided to banks for banking facilities granted to certain subsidiary companies.

The  Company's  maximum  exposure  in  this  respect  is  RM5,394,129  (2021: RM2,000,000), representing the outstanding banking facilities to the subsidiary companies as at the end of the reporting period. There was no indication that any  subsidiary  company  would  default  on  repayment  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period.

There are no significant changes as compared to previous financial year.

The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk as its exposure spread over a large number of customers. The Company  has no significant concentration of credits risks except for advances to its subsidiary companies where risks of default have been assessed to be low.

- (ii) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Group or the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial obligations as they fall due. The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities.

The Group's  and the Company's funding requirements and liquidity risk are managed with the objective of meeting business obligations on a timely basis. The Group finances its liquidity through internally generated cash flows and minimises liquidity risk by keeping committed credit lines available.

198301015973 (111365-U)

Registration No.

- 116 -

Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

(b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Liquidity risk (Cont'd)

<!-- image -->

The following table  analyses  the  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  financial  liabilities.  The  tables  have  been  drawn  up  based  on  the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group and the Company can be required to pay.

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

| Total  Total  1 to 2  2 to 5  After  contractual  carrying  years  years  5 years  cash flows  amount  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  RM  Group  2022  Non-derivative financial liabilities  Trade payables  4,283,921  -  -  -  4,283,921  4,283,921  Other payables  17,759,958  -  -  -  17,759,958  17,759,958  Bank borrowings  352,164  352,164  1,040,737  2,809,241  4,554,306  3,394,129  Lease liabilities  86,296  -  -  -  86,296  86,192  Amount due to Directors  197,285  -  -  -  197,285  197,285  22,679,624  352,164  1,040,737  2,809,241  26,881,766  25,721,485  ## On demand  or within 1  year   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 117 -

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (ii) Liquidity risk (Cont'd)

The following table analyses the remaining contractual maturity for financial liabilities.  The  tables  have  been  drawn  up  based  on  the  undiscounted  cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group and the Company can be required to pay. (Cont'd)

| Total  Total  contractual  carrying  cash flows  amount  RM  RM  RM  Group  2021  Non-derivative financial  liabilities  Trade payables  1,792,203  1,792,203  1,792,203  Other payables  30,071,126  30,071,126  30,071,126  31,863,329  31,863,329  31,863,329  On demand  or within 1  year  Company  2022  Non-derivative financial  l i abi l i ti es  Other payables  243,755  243,755  243,755  Amount due to subsidiary  companies  2,066,110  2,066,110  2,066,110  Financial guarantees*  5,394,129  5,394,129  -  7,703,994  7,703,994  2,309,865  2021  Non-derivative financial  l i abi l i ti es  Other payables  348,534  348,534  348,534  Amount due to subsidiary  companies  3,233,110  3,233,110  3,233,110  Financial guarantees*  2,000,000  2,000,000  -  5,581,644  5,581,644  3,581,644   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Based  on  the  maximum  amount  that  can  be  called  for  under  financial guarantee contract.

Registration No.

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (iii) Market risks
- (a) Foreign currency risk

The  Group  is  exposed  to  foreign  currency  risk  though  fair  value valuation of investment properties that denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currencies of Group entities. The currencies giving rise to this risk is primarily Renminbi (RMB).

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's  foreign  currency  denominated financial assets and financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Group  Investment properties  24,185,794  27,653,614  Trade receivables  -  2,598  Other receivables  729,291  622,465  Other payables  (413,594)  (361,390)  24,501,491  27,917,287  Denominated in RMB   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Foreign currency sensitivity analysis

Foreign  currency  risk  arises  from  Group  entities  which  have  a  RM functional  currency.  The  exposure  to  currency  risk  of  Group  entities which do not have a RM functional currency is not material and hence, sensitivity analysis is not presented.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 118 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd) - 119 -

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (iii) Market risks (Cont'd)
- (a) Foreign currency risk (Cont'd)

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis (Cont'd)

The  following  table  demonstrates  the  sensitivity  of  the  Group's  profit before  taxation  to  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  the  RMB  exchange rates against RM, with all other variables held constant.

| Effect on profit/(loss)  Change in currency rate  before tax  RM  RM  2022  RMB  Strengthened 1%  245,015  Weakened 1%  (245,015)  2021  RMB  Strengthened 1%  279,173  Weakened 1%  (279,173)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (b) Interest rate risks

The  Group's fixed rate deposits placed with licensed banks and borrowings  are  exposed  to  a  risk  of  change  in  their  fair  value  due  to changes  in  interest  rates.  The  Group's  variable  rate  borrowings  are exposed to a risk of change in cash flows due to changes in interest rates.

The  Group  manages  its  interest  rate  risk  of  its  deposits  with  licensed banks by placing them at the most competitive interest rate obtainable, which yield better returns than cash at bank and maintaining a prudent mix of short and long-term deposits.

Registration No.

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (iii) Market risks (Cont'd)
- (b) Interest rate risks (Cont'd)

The Group manages its interest rate risk exposure from interest bearing borrowings by obtaining financing with the most favourable interest rates in  the  market.  The  Group  constantly  monitors  its  interest  rate  risk  by reviewing its debts portfolio to ensure favourable rates are obtained. The Group  does  not  utilise interest swap  contracts  or  other derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

The  interest  rate  profile  of  the  Group's  significant  interest-bearing financial  instruments,  based  on  carrying  amounts  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period was:

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Fixed rate instruments  Financial assets  3,976,787  3,830,000  Financial liabilities  (86,192)  -  3,890,595  3,830,000  Floating rate instrument  Bank borrowings  (3,394,129)  -  Group   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis

## Fair value sensitivity analysis for fixed rate instruments

The  Group  does  not  account  for  any  fixed  rate  financial  assets  and liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  Therefore,  a  change  in interest rates at the end of the reporting period would not affect profit or loss.

a

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 120 -

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

Registration No.

198301015973 (111365-U)

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 20 (Cont'd) - 121 -

## 35. Financial Instruments (Cont'd)

- (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Cont'd)
- (iii)   Market risks (Cont'd)
- (b) Interest rate risks (Cont'd)

Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis (Cont'd)

Cash flow sensitivity analysis for floating rate instruments

A change in  1% interest  rate  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  would have increased/(decreased) the Group's (loss)/profit before tax by RM33,941 (2021:  RM  Nil),  arising  mainly  as  a  result  of  higher/lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings. This analysis assumes that all  other  variables  remain  constant.  The  assumed  movement  in  basis points  for  interest  rate  sensitivity  analysis  is  based  on  the  currently observable market environment.

## (b) Fair value of financial instruments

The  carrying  amounts  of  short-term  receivables  and  payables,  cash  and  cash equivalents  and  short-term  borrowings  approximate  their  fair  value  due  to  the relatively short-term nature of these financial instruments and insignificant impact of discounting.

- (i) Policy on transfer between levels

The fair value of an asset to be transferred between levels is determined as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

There were no transfers between levels during current and previous financial years.

- (ii) Level 1 fair value

Level 1 fair value is derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

- (iii)   Level 2 fair value

Level 2 fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

- (iv) Level 3 fair value

Level 3 fair values for the financial assets and liabilities are estimated using unobservable inputs.

Registration No.

## 36. Capital Management

The  Group's  objectives  when  managing  capital  are  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In  order  to  maintain  or adjust  the capital structure, the  Group may  adjust the amount  of dividends  paid  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares  or  sell assets to reduce debt.

The capital of the Group consists of issued share capital and cash and cash equivalent.

There were no changes in the Group's and the Company's approach to capital management during the financial year.

The  Group  and  the Company  are  not  subject to any externally imposed  capital requirements.

## 37. Capital Commitment

| 2022  2021  RM  RM  Approved and contracted for:  - Land held for property development  13,500,000  -  Group   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 38. Date of Authorisation for Issue

The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 28 April 2023.

198301015973 (111365-U)

- 122 -

<!-- image -->

## Notes To The Financial Statements 31 December 2022 (Cont'd)

## LIST OF PROPERTIES

| Location  Description,  Built-Up Area  &amp; Usage  Age of  Building  Tenure  Net Book  Value  (RM)  Date of  Revaluation  (Acquisition  Date)  Unit No. 3,4,5 &amp; 6 on Level 1  and Unit No. 2,3,4,5,6 &amp; 7 on  Level 2 of Block 1 (Long Xian  Ge) and Unit No. 2 &amp; 3 on  Level 1 and Unit No. 3 &amp; 4 on  Level 2 of Block 2 (Long He  Ge), Dragon Mall, Danshui,  Bai Yun 2nd Road, Huiyang  District, Huizhou City,  Guangdong Province, the  People's Republic of China  The properties  comprise 14  shops in two  buildings  completed in  2010  The properties  have a total  gross floor  area of  approximately  1,467.39 square  meter  The properties  are partial  rented  11 years  The land  use rights  were granted  for a term  of 70 years  commencing  from 1  December  2004 until 1  December 2074  for commercial  and residential  uses  24,185,794  2 February  2023  (29 December  2009)  No. H.S.(D) 70546, PT 498,  Pekan Klebang Sek. II,  Daerah Melaka Tengah,  Negeri Melaka  The land is  measuring  18,387 square  meters  The land  currently is  vacant  12 years  Leasehold  land for a term  of 99 years  commencing  from 13  January  2012 until 12  January 2111  13,000,000  31 December  2020  No. H.S.(D) 932488, PT  19204, Mukim Belanja,  Kinta, Negeri Perak  The land is  measuring  64,736 square  meters  The land  currently is  vacant  2 years  Leasehold  land for a term  of 99 years  commencing  from 6 July  2021 until 5  July 2120  10,000,000  3 March 2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHARE CAPITAL

Total Number of Issued Shares :

360,514,069

Class of Shares :

Ordinary Share

Voting Rights :

One vote for each ordinary share held

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 30 MARCH 2023

| Size of Holding  No. of shareholders  %  No. of Shares  %  1 - 99  107  2.706  4,051  0.001  100 - 1,000  1,134  28.680  614,377  0.170  1,001 - 10,000  1,238  31.310  7,014,287  1.946  10,001 - 100,000  1,198  30.298  44,748,475  12.412  100,001 - &lt; 5% of shares  272  6.879  192,906,479  53.509  5% and above  5  0.127  115,226,400  31.962  Total  3,954  100.000  360,514,069  100.000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' SHAREHOLDINGS

The Directors' Shareholdings based on the Register of Directors' Shareholdings of the Company are as follows: -

| No. of Shares held                No. of Shares held  No.  Name of Directors  Direct  %  Indirect  %  1  Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi  Bin Haji Ali  -  -  -  -  2  Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff  23,500,000  6.518  -  -  3  Edwin Silvester Das  20,626,400  5.721  -  -  4  Dato' Ir Lim Siang Chai  -  -  -  -  5  P Ellango A/L Ponramu  -  -  -  -  6  Dato' Yong Chong Long  24,000,000  6.657  -  -  7  Azmi Bin Osman  5,125,000  1.422  -  -  8  Chew Huey Yen  -  -  -  -  9  Terence Cheah Eu Lee  1,117,100  0.310  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

The substantial shareholders (holding 5% or more of the issued capital) based on the Register of Substantial Shareholders of the Company and their shareholdings are as follows: -

| No. of Shares held                No. of Shares held  No.  Name  Direct  %  Indirect  %  1  Teh Hooi Tyug  25,000,000  6.935  -  -  2  Dato' Yong Chong Long  24,000,000  6.657  -  -  3  Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff  23,500,000  6.518  -  -  4  Tai Tean Seng  22,100,000  6.130  -  -  5  Edwin Silvester Das  20,626,400  5.721  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

## AS AT 30 MARCH 2023

## Analysis Of Shareholdings As At 30 March 2023 (Cont'd)

## LIST OF TOP 30 LARGEST SECURITIES ACCOUNTS HOLDERS

(According to the Record of Depository As At 30 March 2023)

| ## No. Name of Shareholders  No. of Shares  %  1  TEH HOOI TYUG  25,000,000  6.935  2  DATO' YONG CHONG LONG  24,000,000  6.657  3  DATO' SAIFUL NIZAM BIN MOHD YUSOFF  23,500,000  6.518  4  TA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  22,100,000  6.130  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR TAI TEAN SENG  5  EDWIN SILVESTER DAS  20,626,400  5.721  6  ADVANCE INFORMATION MARKETING BERHAD  16,369,600  4.541  7  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  12,200,000  3.384  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR LIM BAN KEONG  8  TA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  9,819,800  2.724  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT  FOR MOHAMED FAROZ BIN MOHAMED JAKEL  9  AFFIN HWANG NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.  5,250,000  1.456  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR CHEW HUN SENG  10  AZMI BIN OSMAN  5,125,000  1.422  11  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  4,850,000  1.345  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR DATO' SRI TEH CHEE TEONG  12  ALLIANCEGROUP NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  4,700,600  1.304  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT  FOR DATUK SERI TAN CHOON HWA (7007201)  13  CGS-CIMB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  4,477,000  1.242  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT  FOR VALUEVEST VENTURES SDN. BHD. (MY4453)  14  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  4,355,000  1.208  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR YAP SIEW LYNN  15  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  4,277,800  1.187  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR WAI AI LOO  16  MOHAMED IZANI BIN MOHAMED JAKEL  4,250,000  1.179  17  KOK SENG PING  4,084,400  1.133  18  AFFIN HWANG NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN. BHD.  3,558,500  0.987  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR YEAT SEW CHUONG  19  WAI CHAN KEET  3,461,300  0.960  20  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  2,654,400  0.736  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR DATUK SERI TAN CHOON HWA  21  ASYRAF BIN HASIM  2,613,000  0.725  22  LIM BAN KEONG  2,568,800  0.713  23  RHB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  2,526,000  0.701  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR GENIA CHEAH SUAN LI  24  OON SZE SHUN  2,432,800  0.675  25  KENANGA NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  2,222,000  0.616  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR GENIA CHEAH SUAN LI  26  LEE KHIM HWA  1,750,000  0.485  27  AMSEC NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  1,700,000  0.472  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR LAI WEI YEE  28  CGS-CIMB NOMINEES (TEMPATAN) SDN BHD  1,655,500  0.462  PLEDGED SECURITIES ACCOUNT FOR LOH HOI CHUAN (MP0469)  29  CH'NG EWE TEAT  1,440,000  0.399  30  SAFRI BIN CHE KUB  1,437,800  0.399   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN  THAT the  Thirty-Ninth  Annual  General  Meeting  ('39 th   AGM')  of  Jiankun International Berhad ('Jiankun' or 'the Company') will be held on a virtual basis via remote participation and electronic voting through online meeting platform  at https://rebrand.ly/JKI-AGM operated by Mlabs Research Sdn Bhd from the Broadcast Venue at L21-03, Level 21, PJX-HM Shah Tower, No.16a, Persiaran Barat, 46050  Petaling Jaya, Selangor on Thursday, 15 June 2023 at 10.00 a.m. or at any adjournment thereof, for the purpose of transacting the following businesses:

## AGENDA

1. To receive the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
2. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  up  to  RM650,000  and  other benefits of up to RM50,000 to be divided amongst the Directors in such manner as the Directors may determine for the period commencing from the conclusion of the 39th AGM until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.
3. To re-elect the following Directors who retire by rotation in accordance with Clause 105(1) of the Company's Constitution and being eligible, have offer themselves for re-election:
- i. Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali
- ii. Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff
4. To re-elect the following Directors who retire pursuant to Clause 114 of the Company's Constitution and being eligible, have offer themselves for re-election:
- i. Dato' Yong Chong Long
- ii. P Ellango A/L Ponramu
- iii. Terence Cheah Eu Lee
5. To re-appoint Messrs. UHY as Auditors of the Company for the ensuing year and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.

## As Special Business:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions:

6. Authority to Allot and Issue Shares Pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016

'THAT pursuant to section 85 of the Companies Act 2016 ('the Act'), read in  conjunction  with  Clause  61  of  the  Company's  Constitution,  approval be and is hereby given to waive the statutory pre-emptive rights of the shareholders of the Company to be offered new shares ranking equally to the existing issued shares of the Company arising from the allotment and issuance of shares.

Please refer to Explanatory Note 1

Ordinary Resolution 1

Ordinary Resolution 2

Ordinary Resolution 3

Ordinary Resolution 4

Ordinary Resolution 5

Ordinary Resolution 6

Ordinary Resolution 7

Ordinary Resolution 8

## Notice Of Annual General Meeting (Cont'd)

THAT pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act and subject to the approvals of the relevant governmental/ regulatory authorities, the Directors be and are hereby empowered to issue shares in the capital of the Company from time to time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the Directors, may in their absolute discretion deem fit, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to this resolution does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company or such  higher  percentage  as  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad  ('Bursa Securities') allowed for the time being and that the Directors be and are hereby also empowered to obtain approval from the Bursa Securities for the listing and quotation of the additional shares so issued and that such authority  shall  continue  to  be  in  force  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next Annual General Meeting of the Company.

THAT the approval of Shareholders for the Authority to Allot and Issue Shares Pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016 at an AGM to be convened (i.e. passing of the resolutions which shall contain the waiver of the Statutory Pre-Emptive Right) shall mean that Shareholders will  be  waiving  their  Statutory  Pre-Emptive  Right.  Accordingly,  the resolutions in respect of the Authority to Allot and Issue Shares Pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016, if passed, will exclude the Shareholders' statutory pre-emptive right to be offered new Shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to the Authority to Allot and Issue Shares Pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016.

AND THAT such authority shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.'

## 7. Proposed Renewal of Authority for  the  Company  to  purchase  its  own shares

'THAT,  subject  to  the  Act,  the  provisions  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company, the MMLR of Bursa Securities and the approvals of all relevant governmental  and/or  regulatory  authorities,  the  Company  be  and  is hereby authorised, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to purchase such amount of ordinary shares in the Company as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time through Bursa Securities upon such terms and conditions as the Directors may deem fit and expedient in the interest of the Company provided that:-

- i) the  aggregate  number  of  shares  purchased  or  held  as  treasury shares does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued and paidup shares of the Company as quoted on Bursa Securities as at the point of purchase;
2. ii) the maximum fund to be allocated by the Company for the purpose of purchasing the shares be backed by an equivalent amount of retained profits; and
3. iii) the Directors of the Company may decide either to retain the shares purchased as treasury shares, or cancel the shares, or retain part of the shares so purchased as treasury shares and cancel the remainder, or resell the shares, or transfer the shares or distribute the shares as dividends;

Ordinary Resolution 9

<!-- image -->

## Notice Of Annual General Meeting (Cont'd)

AND THAT the authority conferred by this resolution will commence after the  passing  of  this  ordinary  resolution  and  will  continue  to  be  in  force until:-

- i) the  conclusion  of  the  next  AGM  at  which  time  it  shall  lapse  unless  by ordinary resolution passed at the meeting, the authority is renewed, either unconditionally or subject to conditions; or
2. ii) the expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held; or
3. iii)   revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company in a general meeting;

whichever occurs first.

AND  THAT  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to take all such steps as are necessary or expedient to implement or to effect the  purchase(s)  of  the  shares  with  full  power  to  assent  to  any  condition, modification, variation and/or amendment as may be imposed by the relevant authorities and to take all such steps as they may deem necessary or expedient in order to implement, finalise and give full effect in relation thereto.'

8. To transact any other business of which due notices shall have been given in accordance with the Act.

## BY ORDER OF THE BOARD,

Tan Tong Lang (MAICSA 7045482/ SSM PC No. 202208000250) Thien Lee Mee (LS0010621 / SSM PC No. 201908002254) Company Secretaries

Kuala Lumpur

Date:  28 April 2023

## Notes:

1. A proxy may but need not be a member of the Company and a member may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without limitation.
2. The form of Proxy must be duly completed and deposited at the office of the Share Registrar office, Aldpro Corporate Services Sdn Bhd, B-21-1, Level 21, Tower B, Northpoint Mid Valley City No. 1, Medan Syed Putra Utara, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, W.P. Kuala Lumpur not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting.
3. A member shall be entitled to appoint one (1) or more proxies to attend and vote at the same meeting.
4. Where  a  member  appoints  more  than  one  (1)  proxy,  the  appointments  shall  be  invalid  unless  he specifies the proportions of his holdings to be represented by each proxy.
5. If the appointor is a corporation, this form must be executed under its Common Seal or under the hand of its attorney.
6. Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 ('Central Depositories Act'), it may appoint at least one proxy in respect of each securities account it holds with ordinary shares to the credit of the said securities account.

<!-- image -->

## Notice Of Annual General Meeting (Cont'd)

7. Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee as defined under the Central Depositories Act which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account ('Omnibus Account'), there shall be no limit to the number of proxies which the Exempt Authorised Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds.
8. For  purpose  of  determining  who  shall  be  entitled  to  attend  this  meeting,  the  Company  shall  be requesting  Bursa  Malaysia  Depository  Sdn.  Bhd.  to  make  available  to  the  Company,  a  Record  of Depositors ('ROD') as at 6 June 2023 and only a member whose name appears on such ROD shall be entitled to attend, speak and vote at this meeting or appoint proxy to attend and/or speak and/or vote in his/her behalf.
9. Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set out in this Notice will be put to vote by way of poll.

## EXPLANATORY NOTES ON ORDINARY AND SPECIAL BUSINESS:

## 1. Audited Financial Statements for the Financial Year Ended 31 December 2022

This Agenda item is meant for discussion only as Section 340(1) (a) of the Act does not require a formal approval of the shareholders for the Audited Financial Statements. Hence, this Agenda is not put forward for voting.

## 2. Payment of Directors' Fees and Other Benefits Payable

The proposed Ordinary Resolution 1 is to facilitate the payment of Directors' Fees and Other Benefits payable to Directors.

The other benefits comprise the allowances and other benefits. The total estimated amount of other benefits payable is calculated based on the number of scheduled Board's and Board Committees' meetings for the period from the conclusion of the 39th AGM until the next AGM of the Company.

## 3. Authority to Allot and Issue Shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act

The proposed Ordinary Resolution 8, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company to issue and allot new shares at any time to such persons, in their absolute discretion, deem fit ('General Mandate'), provided that the number of shares issued pursuant to this General Mandate, when aggregated with the nominal value of any such shares issued during the preceding twelve (12) months, does not exceed 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company at the time of issue. This renewed General Mandate, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting, will expire at the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company. With this renewed General Mandate, the Company will be able to raise funds expeditiously for the purpose of funding future investment, working capital and/or acquisition(s) at any time without convening a general meeting as it would be both costs and time consuming to organize a general meeting.

As at the date of this Notice, 98,000,000 new ordinary shares were issued with total proceeds raised of RM18.56 million pursuant to the previous General Mandate granted to the Directors at the 38th AGM held on 27 June 2022.

## 4. Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority

The proposed Ordinary Resolution 9, if passed, will empower the Directors to purchase the Company's shares through Bursa Securities up to ten percent (10%) of the issued and paid-up capital of the Company for the time being. This authority will be expired at the conclusion of the next AGM unless earlier revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by shareholders at a general meeting.

For further information on this resolution, please refer to the Statement to Shareholders dated 28 April 2023 which is despatched together with the Company's Annual Report 2022 for further information.

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT ACCOMPANYING NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

(Pursuant to Paragraph 8.27(2) of MMLR of Bursa Securities)

1. As at date of this Notice, there are no individuals who are standing for election as Directors (excluding the above Directors who are standing for re-election) at this forthcoming AGM.
2. The renewal of General Mandate for issue of securities in accordance with Paragraph 6.03(3) of the MMLR of Bursa Securities.
3. Details of the renewal of the General Mandate to issue securities in the Company pursuant to Sections 75 &amp; 76 of the Act are set out in Note 3 of the Explanatory Notes of this Notice.



## JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

[Registration No.198301015973 (111365-U)] (Incorporated in Malaysia)

## FORM OF PROXY

I/We, (Full  Name  in  Block  Letters)  NRIC  No.  /  Passport  No.  /  Company Registration No. of (Full Address) [Email Address] [Contact No.] being a member(s) of JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD, hereby appoint

Full Name in Block Letters

Email Address

Contact No.

NRIC No. / Passport No.

Full Address and/or

Full Name in Block Letters

Email Address

Contact No.

NRIC No. / Passport No.

Full Address

Proportion of shareholdings to be presented %

Proportion of shareholdings to be presented %

100%

or failing him/her, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the Thirty-Ninth Annual General Meeting ('39th AGM') of the Company to be held on a virtual basis via remote participation and electronic voting through online meeting platform  at https://rebrand.ly/JKI-AGM operated by Mlabs Research Sdn Bhd from the Broadcast Venue at L21-03, Level 21, PJX-HM Shah Tower, No.16a, Persiaran Barat, 46050  Petaling Jaya, Selangor on Thursday, 15 June 2023 at 10.00 a.m. or at any adjournment thereof, on the following resolutions in the manner indicated below:-

My/Our proxy is to vote as indicated below:-

| No.  Agenda  Resolutions  For  Against  1.  To approve the payment of Directors' fees up to RM650,000 and other benefits of up  to RM50,000 to be divided amongst the Directors in such manner as the Directors  may determine for the period commencing from the conclusion of the 39 th  AGM  until the next AGM of the Company.  Ordinary Resolution 1  2.  To re-elect Tan Sri Dato' Sri Haji Mohamed Apandi Bin Haji Ali as Director of the  Company.  Ordinary Resolution 2  3.  To re-elect Dato' Saiful Nizam Bin Mohd Yusoff as Director of the Company.  Ordinary Resolution 3  4.  To re-elect Dato' Yong Chong Long as Director of the Company.  Ordinary Resolution 4  5.  To re-elect P Ellango A/L Ponramu as Director of the Company.  Ordinary Resolution 5  6.  To re-elect Terence Cheah Eu Lee as Director of the Company.  Ordinary Resolution 6  7.  To re-appoint Messrs. UHY as Auditors of the Company for the ensuing year and to  authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.  Ordinary Resolution 7  As Special Business:  8.  Authority to Allot and Issue Shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies  Act 2016.  Ordinary Resolution 8  9.  Proposed Renewal of Authority for the Company to purchase its own shares  Ordinary Resolution 9   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Please indicate with 'X' how you wish to cast your vote. In the absence of specific directions, the proxy may vote or abstain from voting on the resolutions as he/she may think fit.)

Signed this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2023.

Signature : \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(If shareholder is a corporation, this form should be executed under seal)

## Notes:

1.  A proxy may but need not be a member of the Company and a member may appoint any person to be his/her proxy without limitation.
2.  The form of proxy must be duly completed and deposited at the office of the Share Registrar office, Aldpro Corporate Services Sdn Bhd, B-21-1, Level 21, Tower B, Northpoint Mid Valley City No. 1, Medan Syed Putra Utara, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, W.P. Kuala Lumpur not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting.

3.  A member shall be entitled to appoint one (1) or more proxies to attend and vote at the same meeting.

4.  Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the appointments shall be invalid unless he specifies the proportions of his holdings to be represented by each proxy.
5.  If the appointor is a corporation, this form must be executed under its Common Seal or under the hand of its attorney.
6.  Where a member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991 ('Central Depositories Act'), it may appoint at least one proxy in respect of each securities account it holds with ordinary shares to the credit of the said securities account.
7.  Where a member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee as defined under the Central Depositories Act which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one securities account ('Omnibus Account'), there shall be no limit to the number of proxies which the Exempt Authorised Nominee may appoint in respect of each Omnibus Account it holds.
8.  For purpose of determining who shall be entitled to attend this meeting, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd to make available to the Company, a Record of Depositors ('ROD') as at 6 June 2023 and only a member whose name appears on such ROD shall be entitled to attend, speak and vote at this meeting or appoint proxy to attend and/or speak and/or vote in his/her behalf.
9.  Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, all resolutions set out in this Notice will be put to vote by way of poll.

No. of Shares held

CDS Account No.

Fold this flap for sealing

2nd fold here

1st fold here

The Share Registrar of JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD [REGISTRATION NO. 198301015973 (111365-U)] c/o Aldpro Corporate Services Sdn Bhd B-21-1, Level 21, Tower B, Northpoint Mid Valley City No. 1, Medan Syed Putra Utara 59200 Kuala Lumpur W.P. Kuala Lumpur

AFFIX STAMP

## JIANKUN INTERNATIONAL BERHAD

[Registration No. 198301015973 (11365-U)]

L21-03, Level 21, PJX-HM Shah Tower, No. 16A, Persiaran Barat, 46050 Petaling Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan. Tel : +603 7932 3666 Fax : +603 7932 2866

www.jki.com.my