<!-- image -->

## Flight Taking Transformation

ANNUAL REPORT 2 0 2 2

## CONTENTS

- 02 Corporate	Profile
- 03 Our	Values
- 04 Chairman's	Statement
- 07 Group	Structure
- 08 Five-year	Financial	Highlights
- 09 Financial	Charts
- 10 Board	of	Directors
- 12 Management	&amp;	Key	Executives
- 13 Business	Review
- 16 Sustainability	Summary
- 17 Corporate	Governance	Report

43

Financials

Corporate Information

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Today	is	challenging.	Tomorrow is	uncertain.	While	we	cannot change	the	future,	we	can decide	our	future	by	building towards	it	today.	Through embracing	the	right	mindset and	attitudes	and	continuously strengthening	our	skills,	we will	be	-	in	good	shape	to	soar higher	and	further	tomorrow.

## CORPORATE PROFILE

Established	 in	 1977,	 King	 Wan	 Corporation Limited is a Singapore-based	 integrated building	 services	 company	 with	 principal activities	 in	 the	 provision	 of	 Mechanical and	Electrical	('M&amp;E')	engineering	services for	 the	 building	 and	 construction	 industry. Over	the	past	four	decades,	King	Wan	has grown	from	strength	to	strength	to	expand beyond	its	core	businesses,	and	successfully ignited	 new	 growth	 engines	 to	 propel	 the Group	for	greater	shareholders'	value.	The Group	 operates	 through	 its	 network	 of subsidiaries,	associates	and	joint	venture	in Singapore,	China	and	Thailand.

The Group	 operates principally in two major	business	segments	as	follows:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Mechanical &amp; Electrical Engineering Services Segment

The	Group	provides	multi-disciplined	M&amp;E engineering	 services	 such	 as	 the	 design and	 installation	 of	 plumbing	 and	 sanitary systems,	 airconditioning	 and	 mechanical ventilation systems, electrical systems, fire protection and alarm systems, communications	and	security	systems	for the	 building	 and	 construction	 industry.	 It also	 provides	 mobile	 chemical	 lavatories for rental and ancilliary facilities for construction	worksites	as	well	as	public	and nationwide	public	events.

## Investment Portfolio Segment

Through	direct	investments,	the	Group	now operates	in	three	other	business	sectors	i.e. Vessel	Ownership	and	Chartering,	Property Development,	 and	 Operation	 of	 Workers' Dormitory.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Commitment

We	 are fully committed to building a strong culture of serving each other, serving	 our	 community,	 and	 fostering	 a work	 environment	 that	 encourages	 new ideas,	 growth,	 interdependence,	 trust,	 and mutual	 respect	 by	 relentlessly	 pursuing	 to add	 value	 to	 our	 employees	 who	 in	 turn add	value	to	our	clients.

<!-- image -->

## Quality &amp; Reliability

We aim to provide services that are unsurpassed in quality and reliability attained	 through	 regulated,	 coordinated planning	 and	 management	 while	 ensuring competitive	cost	execution.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Integrity &amp; Professionalism

We	 do	 our	 jobs	 with	 the	 highest	 level	 of integrity	and	professionalism.

<!-- image -->

## People

We	value	the	contribution	of	each	and	every member	of	our	team	and	seek	to	develop all	employees	to	their	fullest	potential.

<!-- image -->

## Passion

We	 approach	 every	 task	 with	 heart	 and passion.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Dear	Shareholders,

On	behalf	of	the	Board	of	Directors,	I	present the	 annual	 report	 of	 King	 Wan	 Corporation Limited	 ('King	 Wan')	 for	 the	 financial	 year ended	31	March	2022	('FY2022').

In	2021,	the	Singapore	economy	expanded	by 7.6%,	rebounding	from	the	4.1%	contraction in	2020.	In	particular,	the	construction	sector expanded	by	20.1%,	a	turnaround	from	the 38.4%	 contraction	 in	 2020,	 supported	 by both	public	and	private	sector	construction works 	(1) .

Throughout	 the	 last	 two	 (2)	 years	 of	 the COVID-19	 pandemic,	 we	 faced	 headwinds such as manpower	 shortage,	 restrictive operational conditions to comply with frequent changes to safe management measures	and	significant	increase	in	material costs.	We	focused	our	efforts	to	tackle	and overcome	 the	 manpower	 and	 operational challenges	 and	 we	 have	 emerged	 nimbler and	more	adaptable.

Instead of a strong recovery from the pandemic, we have flown into other headwinds	 with	 a	 war	 raging	 in	 Europe fuelling	 global	 inflation,	 geo-political	 tensions creating	 disruptions	 to	 supply	 chain,	 and tightening	of	monetary	policy.

With	 an	 open	 mindset,	 right	 attitudes,	 we continue	 to	 exercise	 a	 high	 level	 of	 financial prudency	and	invest	 in	 our	 human	 capital and	technology	infrastructure	to	strengthen our	core	competencies	to	turn	each	set	of challenges	into	opportunities.

The	 Group	 has	 always	 been	 aware	 that we	 cannot	 maximise	 the	 potential	 of	 our business	without	a	strong	financial	position and	 sufficient	 capital.	 In	 September	 2021, the	 Group	 raised	 net	 proceeds	 of	 S$6.8 million	 via	 a	 rights	 issue.	 The	 proceeds helped	 to	 enhance	 the	 Group's	 financial agility	and	resilience	and	allowing	us	to	fund the	 general	 corporate	 activities.	 These	 may include	funding	the	growth	and	expansion of	 the	 Group's	 existing	 business	 and/or potential	 strategic	 collaboration.	 As	 at	 31 March	2022,	approximately	S$2.7	million	of these	net	proceeds	have	been	utilised.

## Transformation Taking Flight

Sustainability	 is	 an	 essential	 and	 existential issue,	and	there	is	a	growing	demand	for	a green	 economy	 for	 Singapore.	 In	 line	 with the	Singapore	Government's	push	towards sustainability	 under	 the	 Singapore	 Green Plan	 2030,	 the	 Group	 entered	 into	 a	 joint venture	 with	 a	 local	 company,	 Evercomm Singapore Pte. Ltd. ('Evercomm') and established	King	Wan	Eco	Solutions	Pte.	Ltd. ('KWES')	 in	 October	 2021.	 Complementing the	Group's	M&amp;E	engineering	expertise	with Evercomm's	 software	 and	 energy	 artificial intelligence capabilities, KWES	 can	 offer efficient and	 effective green	 retrofitting, upgrading	 and	 optimisation	 solutions	 to businesses,	 allowing	 them	 to	 achieve	 their sustainability	goals	and	objectives.

During	 the	 financial	 year,	 the	 Group	 has also	 taken	 up	 another	 green	 initiative	 by distributing	 sustainable,	 eco-friendly,	 and affordable	 packaging	 products	 made	 from sugarcane bagasse in Singapore. These green	 products	 are	 made	 from	 safe	 and healthy	 sugarcane	 bagasse	 sourced	 and manufactured	in	Thailand.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Our  Group's  financial  position  as  at  31  March  2022  remained sound  and  strong  with  cash  and  cash  equivalents  recorded  at S$17.6 million (FY2021: S$11.1 million) and a net debt-equity ratio of 22.5% (FY2021: 38.3%).

## Financial Performance

The	consolidated	revenue	of	the	Company and	its	subsidiaries	('Group')	for	FY2022	was S$77.2	million,	an	increase	of	68.2%	compared to	S$45.9	million	in	FY2021	mainly	due	to	the low	 base	 during	 the	 Circuit	 Breaker	 and consequent	low	construction	output	in	the previous	financial	 year.	 Overall,	 gross	 profit margin	for	the	works	completed	in	FY2022 was	 10.0%,	 higher	 than	 the	 6.6%	 achieved in	FY2021.

The Group	 recorded	 a net profit after income	tax	of	S$0.6	million	in	FY2022	(FY2021: net	 loss	 after	 income	 tax	 of	 S$1.5	 million). This	 was	 mainly	 due	 to	 higher	 gross	 profit achieved	 because	 of	 higher	 construction output	 and	 higher	 demand	 for	 portable lavatories	 achieved	 in	 the	 current	 financial year. This was	 partially offset by S$1.7 million	 increase	 in	 loss	 allowance	 made for	 amounts	 due	 from	 associates	 involved in	 property	 development	 in	 the	 People's Republic	 of	 China,	 and	 trade	 receivables due	 from	 certain	 main	 contractors	 and subcontractors	as	they	were	being	wound	up or	having	difficulties	in	paying	off	the	debts; and	S$0.9	million	increase	in	administrative expenses	 due	 to	 lower	 government	 grant income	and	higher	manpower	costs.

Our	 Group's	 financial position as at	 31 March	 2022	 remained	 sound	 and	 strong with	cash	and	cash	equivalents	recorded	at S$17.6	 million	 (FY2021:	 S$11.1	 million)	 and a	 net	 debt-equity	 ratio	 of	 22.5%	 (FY2021: 38.3%).	 The	 Group's	 net	 assets	 stood	 at S$69.1	million	(FY2021:	S$59.1	million)	as	at 31	 March	 2022,	 translating	 into	 a	 net	 asset value	 of	 9.9	 cents	 (FY2021:	 16.9	 cents)	 per share.	The	increase	in	net	assets	was	due	to an	increase	in	share	capital	by	S$7.0	million following	 the	 completion	 of	 rights	 issue; and	increase	in	Group's	investment	in	Kaset

Thai	 International	 Sugar	 Corporation	 Public Company	Limited	('KTIS')	 listed	 on	 Thailand Stock	Exchange,	carried	at	fair	value	through other comprehensive income and after accounting	 for	 net	 profit	 after	 income	 tax amounting	to	S$0.6	million.	The	share	price of	 the	 KTIS	 shares	 held	 by	 the	 Group	 had increased	 to	 THB	 4.64	 per	 share	 as	 at	 31 March	2022	from	THB	3.92	per	share	as	at 31	March	2021.	As	a	result	of	the	increase in	 share	 capital	 via	 the	 rights	 issue,	 the	 net assets	value	per	share	had	decreased.

## Our  Core  M&amp;E  Engineering  Services Business

In our core M&amp;E engineering services business,	 we	 continued	 to	 secure	 projects from both private and public sectors. During	the	current	financial	 year,	 the	 Group completed	 projects	 including The  Garden Residence and	 additions	 and	 alterations	 and interior	fitting	out	works	to Great Eastern at Changi ;	and	managed	to	secure	new	projects including	 private	 residential	 such	 as One Holland Village Residences and Tengah Garden Executive  Condominium , public residential such	 as Tampines  Neighbourhood  9  Contract 10-12 ,	 and	additions	and	alterations	at Grand Hyatt Hotel Singapore .

Amidst the adversity, the Group has managed	 to	 maintain	 a	 firm	 foothold	 in the	 core	 Mechanical	 &amp;	 Electrical	 ('M&amp;E') engineering	services.	As	at	31	March	2022, the	 Group's	 order	 book	 stood	 at	 S$199.9 million	(FY2021:	S$156.9	million).

## Our Investment Portfolio

## Vessel Ownership and Chartering

The	Group	continues	to	charter	its	bulk	carrier and	the	charter	 rate	 has	 increased	 from	 July 2022	onwards	as	a	result	of	an	improvement in	demand	for	dry	bulk	commodities	such	as steel,	aluminum	and	iron	ore.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## Property Development

The	outlook	for	the	property	sector	in	Dalian, People's	Republic	of	China	('PRC')	remains uncertain.	The	sales	had	significantly	slowed down	amid	China's	more	stringent	lockdown measures	 prompted	 by	 the	 new	 waves	 of COVID-19.	The	Group	continues	to	exercise prudence	and	will	not	commence	work	on any	new	phases	until	the	market	has	shown clear	signs	of	improvement.	We	will	focus	our effort	to	sell	off	the	completed	properties	to the	market.

## Operation of Workers' Dormitory

Throughout the pandemic, Tuas South Dormitory	 has	 been	 cooperating	 with	 the Singapore	 authorities	 to	 implement	 safe management	measures	in	accordance	with regulations	 to	 ensure	 the	 residents'	 safety and	welfare.	With	the	gradual	easing	of	the border	 restriction,	 we	 expect	 the	 demand for	 dormitories	 to	 increase.	 At	 the	 same time,	 the	 dormitory	 business	 is	 expected to experience continued impact by the stringent	 regulatory	 measures	 to	 improve the living conditions of the dormitory residents.

## Business Outlook

The	 Building	 and	 Construction	 Authority ('BCA') projects the total construction demand or the value of construction contracts	 to	 be	 awarded	 in	 2022	 to	 range between	 S$27.0	 billion	 and	 S$32.0	 billion. The	public	 sector	 is	 expected	 to	 contribute about 60% of the total construction demand, between S$16.0 billion and S$19.0	 billion.	 This	 is	 supported	 by	 the strong	pipeline	of	public	housing	projects, as	 well	 as	 healthcare	 developments	 and infrastructure	 works.	 On	 the	 other	 hand, the	 private	 sector	 construction	 demand	 is anticipated	 to	 reach	 between	 S$11.0	 billion and	S$13.0	billion	in	2022,	comparable	with the	volume	in	2021.	The	commercial	building demand	 is	 expected	 to	 increase	 as	 hotels and	 attractions	 undergo	 refurbishment	 to prepare	 for	 inbound	 tourism	 revival,	 and older	 commercial	 premises	 are	 earmarked for	 redevelopment	to	enhance	their	asset values. Over the medium-term, BCA expects	the	total	 construction	 demand	to reach	between	S$25	billion	and	S$32	billion per	year	from	2023	to	2026. 	(2)

Taking into account the	 performance	 of the	Singapore	economy	in	the	first	quarter, as	 well	 as	 the	 latest	 global	 and	 domestic economic	developments,	Singapore	Ministry of	 Trade	 and	 Industry	 maintains	 its	 gross domestic	product	growth	forecast	for	2022 at	3.0%	to	5.0%,	with	growth	likely	to	come in	 at	 the	 lower	 half	 of	 the	 forecast	 range. Domestically, the COVID-19	 situation has stabilised following the cresting of the Omicron	 wave.	 This,	 along	 with	 our	 high vaccination	rate	and	strong	booster	takeup, has	allowed	for	a	faster-than-expected	lifting of	our	domestic	and	border	restrictions	since end-March.	This	will	further	alleviate	labour shortages in construction sector that is reliant	on	migrant	workers. 	(3)

In	 view	 that	 the	 Singapore	 authorities	 are projecting recovery in the construction sector,	the	Group	believes	that	its	growth	in the	near	future	will	continue	to	be	primarily driven	by	its	core	M&amp;E	engineering	services.

## Dividends

As we	 expect a significantly protracted recovery for the overall economy, the Group	 exercises	 prudent	 cash	 and	 capital management	 and	 hence	 no	 dividend	 is recommended	 for	 the	 financial	 year	 just ended.

## Note of Appreciation

On	 behalf	 of	 the	 Group,	 I	 would	 like	 to	 say a	 big	 thank	 you	 to	 our	 valued	 shareholders, banks, clients, business associates, management	team,	as	well	as	our	employees for	 your	 steadfast	 partnership	 and	 strong belief	in	us.

## Chua Kim Hua

Chairman

(2) 	 Sustained	 Construction	 Demand	 in	 2022	 supported	 by	 Public	 Sector Projects,	BCA,	26	January	2022.

(3) 	 Economic	Survey	of	Singapore	First	Quarter	2022,	Singapore	Ministry	of Trade	and	Industry,	25	May	2022.

<!-- image -->

## GROUP STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

## FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

Year	ended	31	March

| In	S$'	million  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  FINANCIAL RESULTS  Revenue  81.8  79.3  72.4  45.9  77.2  (Loss)/Profit	Attributable	to  Owners	of	the	Company  (4.8)  2.4  0.4  (1.5)  0.6  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION  Cash	and	Cash	Equivalents  8.5  5.0  8.2  11.1  17.6  Property,	Plant	and	Equipment  5.0  4.2  2.1  2.0  2.0  Right-of-Use	Assets  -  -  2.8  2.3  2.3  Current	and	Other	Assets  114.4  112.7  99.4  102.8  103.3  Total Assets  127.9  121.9  112.5  118.2  125.2  Short	and	Long	Term	Borrowings  38.7  36.0  34.9  33.8  33.2  Other	Liabilities  19.8  16.1  21.8  25.4  22.9  Total Liabilities  58.5  52.1  56.7  59.1  56.1  Total Equity  69.4  69.8  55.7  59.1  69.1  Total Liabilities and Equity  127.9  121.9  112.5  118.2  125.2  PER SHARE DATA (CENTS)  Number	of	Shares  349,176,870  349,176,870  349,176,870  349,176,870  698,353,740  Net	Assets  19.88  19.98  15.96  16.93  9.90  Weighted	Average	Number	of	Shares 	(1)  349,176,870  349,176,870  349,176,870  551,331,900  624,842,820  (Losses)/Earnings	Per	Share	(Basic) 	(2)  (1.39)  0.68  0.12  (0.27)  0.10  Dividend	paid/payable	(net)  -  -  -  -  -  FINANCIAL RATIOS  Return	on	Equity  -7.0%  3.4%  0.8%  -2.5%  0.8%  Return	on	Total	Assets	Employed  -3.8%  1.9%  0.4%  -1.3%  0.5%  Gross	Debt	to	Total-Equity	Ratio  55.8%  51.7%  62.6%  57.2%  48.0%  Net	Debt	to	Total-Equity	Ratio  43.5%  44.5%  47.9%  38.3%  22.6%  Dividend Payout  0.0%  0.0%  0.0%  0.0%  0.0%  Dividend	Cover	(times)  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---|

(1) 	 The	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue	in	2021	has	been	restated	for	the	effect	of	the	rights	issue	undertaken by	the	Group.

(2) 	 Based	on	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue.

<!-- image -->

## (Loss)/Profit Attributable to Owners of the Company

($million)

Net Assets Per Share

<!-- image -->

(cents)

<!-- image -->

## Return on Total Assets Employed

<!-- image -->

Revenue ($million)

<!-- image -->

## (Losses)/Earnings Per Share

(cents)

<!-- image -->

## Return on Equity

<!-- image -->

## Gross Debt to Total Equity Ratio

(%)

<!-- image -->

(1) 	 Based	on	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue.	The	weighted	average	number	of	ordinary	shares	in	issue	in	2021 has	been	restated	for	the	effect	of	the	rights	issue	undertaken	by	the	Group.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Chua Kim Hua

Group Chairman First	appointed	-	8	February	2000 Re-elected	-	30	July	2019

Mr.	 Chua	 Kim	 Hua,	 82,	 serves	 as	 the Group's	 Chairman	 and	 is	 also	 a	 member of	the	Nominating	Committee.	With	effect from	1	July	2022,	Mr.	Chua	is	redesignated from	Executive	Director	to	Non-Executive Director.	 Bringing	 with	 him	 more	 than 50	 years	 of	 experience	 in	 the	 building and	construction	industry,	he	started	his career	in	1967	as	a	licensed	Public	Utilities Board	electrician.	He	joined	the	Group	as	a Director	in	July	1983	and	paved	the	way	for its	 expansion	and	diversification.	Mr.	Chua has	 been	 playing	 a	 pivotal	 role	 in	 steering and	 stabilizing	 the	 Group's	 businesses.	 He continues	 to	 lead	 the	 Group	 in	 its	 longterm	growth	and	development.

He	 has	 been	 conferred	 the	 Long	 Service Award	 by	 the	 Ministry	 of	 Education	 and has	also	been	awarded	the	Public	Service Medal, Pingat Bakti Masyarakat (PBM) and	 the	 Public	 Service	 Star,	 Bintang	 Bakti Masyarakat	(BBM).

## Chua Hai Kuey

Executive Director

First	appointed	-	8	February	2000 Re-elected	-	29	September	2020

Mr.	 Chua	 Hai	 Kuey,	 71,	 is	 an	 Executive Director	 of	 the	 Group	 and	 the	 Managing Director	 of	 King	 Wan	 Construction	 Pte Ltd.	He	is	responsible	for	the	Group's	dayto-day	 operations	 including	 the	 technical, engineering	 and	 quality	 control	 aspects of	 all	 projects.	 In	 addition,	 he	 oversees the	supervision	of	projects,	troubleshoots when necessary and takes requisite measures	to	monitor	wastage	and	control cost.	 His	 job	 scope	 also	 includes	 project management,	 project	 tenders	 and	 quality management.

He holds an advanced level General Certificate	of	Education.

## Chua Eng Eng

Managing Director First	appointed	-	15	November	2000 Re-elected	-	30	July	2021

Ms.	 Chua	 Eng	 Eng,	 52,	 serves	 as the Managing	 Director	 (MD)	 of	 the	 Group. She	 provides	 leadership	 and	 direction	 to deliver	 performance	 for	 the	 Group.	 As the	 MD,	 she	 drives	 the	 Group's	 strategy and	oversees	all	of	the	Group's	operation, business development, corporate planning, and the implementation of policies and	 activities.	 Ms.	 Chua	 plays a crucial role in	 networking with key strategic partners and developing the leadership	 capabilities	 within	 the	 Group. She	is	also	responsible	for	administration, investment,	 recruitment,	 financial,	 legal and	corporate	affairs.

She	holds	a	Bachelor	of	Arts	in	Economics from	 the	 National	 University	 of	 Singapore and	 completed	 the	 Business	 Management for CEO program at the prestigious Tsinghua	University.

<!-- image -->

## Siraarpa Siriviriyakul

Independent Non-Executive Director First	appointed	-	2	October	2017 Re-elected	-	29	September	2020

Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul, 36, is an Independent NonExecutive Director. She	is	a	member	of	the	Audit	Committee, the Nominating Committee and the Remuneration Committee. She is currently	 a	 Deputy	 Managing	 Director of	 Siricharoen	 Sappraiwan	 Co.,	 Ltd.	 and Principal	of	Designing	Impacts.

Ms. Siriviriyakul holds a Bachelor of Economics from the Chulalongkorn University and a Master of Science in Management from the Stanford University.

## Tang Siew Foo David

Independent Non-Executive Director First	appointed	-	30	November	2018 Re-elected	-	30	July	2019

Mr. Tang Siew Foo David, 60, is an Independent	 Non-Executive	 Director.	 He	 is the	 chairman	 of	 the	 Audit	 Committee	 and Nominating Committee, and	 a	 member of	 the	 Remuneration	 Committee.	 He	 was formerly	a	Senior	Business	Head	in	Global Commercial	 Banking	 at Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC), responsible	 for	 various	 sectors	 including construction,	 engineering	 and	 real	 estate. Mr	Tang	has	over	30	years	of	experience	in commercial	 and	 investment	 banking,	 and private	 wealth	 management	 in	 local	 and international	banks.

Mr.	 Tang	 holds	 a	 Bachelor	 of	 Business Administration	from	the	National	University of	 Singapore.	 He	 is	 an	 associate	 of	 the Chartered	 Institute	 of	 Bankers	 (London) and	Institute	of	Banking	and	Finance	Fellow for	Corporate	Banking.

## Dr Teo Ho Pin

Independent Non-Executive Director First	appointed	-	1	April	2021 Re-elected	-	30	July	2021

Dr.	Teo	Ho	Pin,	62,	is	a	long-serving	politician with	a	career	in	the	public	service	spanning over 23 years. Formerly a Member	 of Parliament	('MP')	for	various	constituencies including Sembawang GRC (1996-2001), Holland-Bukit	 Panjang	 GRC	 Bukit	 Panjang GRC	 (2001-2006)	 and	 Bukit	 Panjang	 SMC (2006-2020),	 Dr.	 Teo	 was	 also	 the	 Mayor of	 the	 North	 West	 District	 in	 Singapore (2001-2020),	 responsible	 for	 implementing Community	 Development	 Programmes	 for approximately 906,000 residents. During his	tenure	as	Mayor,	the	North	West	District had clinched notable awards including the ASEAN Environmentally Sustainable Cities	 Award	 in	 2017	 and	 the	 Singapore Environment Council-Lee Foundation Singapore Environmental Achievement Award	(Public	Sector)	in	the	same	year.

Dr.	 Teo	 had	 also	 served	 as	 the	 Chairman of	the	Holland-Bukit	Panjang	Town	Council (2001-2020),	 and	 as	 Coordinating	 Chairman of	 15	 People's	 Action	 Party	 ('PAP')	 Town Councils in Singapore	 taking	 charge	 of township management for about one million public housing flats. Over the course	 of	 his	 political	 career,	 Dr.	 Teo	 has chaired	various	Government	Parliamentary Committees in National Development, Environment	and	Water	Resources,	Home Affairs,	Law	and	Foreign	Affairs.

From	his	prior	experience	gained,	notably as	 an	 MP	 and	 former	Mayor	of	the	North West	 District	 in	 Singapore,	 Dr.	 Teo	 has developed extensive expertise and a track	 record	 in	 implementing	 Green	 and Smart	City	initiatives	to	create	sustainable buildings	and	communities.	With	his	strong background and network in the built environment	 sector,	 we	 believe	 that	 Dr. Teo	 will	 additionally	 help	 to	 impart	 fresh industry	 insights,	 spur	 thought	 leadership and	lend	his	industry	connections	to	elevate the	organisation	to	greater	heights.

## MANAGEMENT &amp; KEY EXECUTIVES

## Siow Nget Yuen, Priscilla

Director King	Wan	Construction	Pte	Ltd	(KWC)

Ms.	Siow	Nget	Yuen,	Priscilla,	71,	was	appointed a	 Director	 of	 KWC	 in	 November	 2000.	 She	 first joined	KWC	in	August	1978	as	an	Administration and Finance Officer, and was promoted to Administration	 and	 Finance	 Manager	 in	 1994. She	 has	 since	 been	 promoted	 to	 Director	 and now	 assists	 the	 executive	 directors	 in	 human resource management, administration and finance	related	matters.

## Er Soon Kiat, Joe

Director King	Wan	Construction	Pte	Ltd	(KWC)

Mr.	 Er	 Soon	 Kiat,	 Joe,	 52,	 has	 been	 appointed the	 company's	 Director	 since	 April	 2016.	 He	 is responsible	 for	 overseeing	 the	 Air-conditioning &amp;	Mechanical	Ventilation	and	Electrical	Division's operational, design, contracts negotiation, project	management	and	performance.	He	first joined	 KWC	in	 November	2001	as	a	mechanical engineer.	From	then,	he	was	involved	in	various assignments,	 actively	 contributing	 to	 the	 design and	project	management	of	the	Group's	building construction	 projects	 as	 Project	 Manager	 and subsequently	as	Director.

With	 more	 than	 20	 years	 of	 experience	 in	 the construction	industry,	Mr.	Er	holds	a	Bachelor	of Engineering	 (Mechanical)	 from	 the	 Engineering Council	 of	 the	 United	 Kingdom	 and	 a	 Master	 of Science	 (Building	 Science)	 from	 the	 National University	 of	 Singapore.	 He	 is	 a	 Registered Chartered	Engineer	and	also	a	Senior	Member	of the	Institution	of	Engineers	Singapore.

## Chua Kok Chuan

Director King	Wan	Construction	Pte	Ltd	(KWC)

Mr.	 Chua	 Kok	 Chuan,	 50,	 has	 been	 appointed the	 company's	 Director	 since	 April	 2016.	 He oversees	 all	 operational,	 design	 and	 project management	and	is	also	currently	responsible for	the	Plumbing	and	Sanitary	Division's	contracts negotiation,	 development,	 planning	 and	 overall performance.	 He	 joined	 KWC	 in	 October	 1997 as a Mechanical	 and	 Electrical	 Engineer.	 He was	 instrumental	 in	 expanding	 the	 Division's operations	as	the	Group	embarked	on	commercial and	institutional	projects.

Rising	 through	 the	 ranks	 over	 the	 years	 from Project	Manager	to	Director,	he	has	contributed significantly	 to	 the	 design,	 implementation	 and project	 management	 of	 the	 P&amp;S	 components	 of the	Group's	building	construction	projects.

Mr. Chua holds a Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical)	from	the	University	of	Glasgow.

## Ong Ai Ling

Chief Financial Officer King	Wan	Corporation	Limited

Ms.	Ong	Ai	Ling,	35,	oversees	the	Group's	overall financial,	 accounting	 and	 tax	 matters.	 She	 is also	 responsible	 for	 financial	 and	 management reporting	 of	 the	 Group	 and	 the	 compliance	 with the	 regulations	 of	 the	 Singapore	 Exchange.	 Prior to	 joining	 the	 Group,	 she	 was	 an	 audit	 manager with	 an	 international	 public	 accounting	 firm	 in Singapore.

Ms. Ong holds a Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours) from the Nanyang Technological University	and	is	a	non-practising	member	of	the Institute	of	Singapore	Chartered	Accountants.

## Chua Yong Bin

Chief Risk and Strategy Officer King	Wan	Corporation	Limited

Mr	 Chua	 Yong	 Bin,	 36,	 has	 been	 appointed	 as the	 Group's	 Chief	 Risk	 and	 Strategy	 Officer since February	 2022.	 He	 is responsible	 for anticipating,	identifying	and	managing	key	risks for	 the	 Group.	 Mr	 Chua	 also	 drives	 strategy, processes,	 and	 policies	 for	 the	 Group,	 including digitalization	and	investments.

Mr	Chua	joins	us	from	JP	Morgan,	where	he	spent close	 to	 a	 decade	 as	 an	 Investment	 Advisor, advising	 clients	 on	 portfolio	 construction	 and investments	 across	 various	 asset	 classes.	 He is	 also	the	Founder	and	Director	of	OLPN	Private Limited,	 a	 company	 that	 provides	 services	 to support	parents	in	parenting.

He	 holds	 a	 Bachelor	 of	 Business	 Administration, and	a	Bachelor	of	Social	Science,	both	from	the National	University	of	Singapore.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

Since	 its	 listing	 on	 the	 Singapore	 Exchange	 in year	2000,	King	Wan	has	built	upon	its	strengths and	 competencies	 in	 its	 core	 Mechanical	 &amp; Electrical	 ('M&amp;E')	 engineering	 services	 business in	Singapore,	while	at	the	same	time,	diversifying through	 direct investments	 in other sectors including	 Portable	 Lavatories	 Rental	 Services. Through	 its	 associate	 companies,	 the	 Group has	 investments	 in	 three	 other	 business	 sectors i.e.	 Property	 Development,	 Vessel	 Ownership and Chartering, and Operation of Workers' Dormitory.	We	also	have	a	2.9%	equity	interest in	 Kaset	 Thai	 International	 Sugar	 Corporation Public	Company	Limited,	a	company	listed	on	the Stock	Exchange	of	Thailand.	In	FY2022,	King	Wan has	 expanded	 its	 business	 platform	 to	 include provision	of	Green	Solutions.

## Mechanical &amp; Electrical Engineering Services

The	 Group's	 M&amp;E	 engineering	 services	 segment has operated in Singapore's building and construction	 industry	 for	 more	 than	 40	 years and	 provides	 a	 full	 suite	 of	 multi-disciplined engineering	 services,	 such	 as	 the	 design	 and installation	 of	 plumbing	 and	 sanitary	 systems, air-conditioning and mechanical ventilation systems,	electrical	 systems,	 fire	 protection	 and alarm	 systems,	 communications	 and	 security systems.

Over	 the	 years,	 the	 Group	 has	 distinguished itself as a dominant	 player	 in	 the industry as	 well	 as	 a	 cost-effective,	 multi-disciplined	 M&amp;E engineering	service	provider	in	Singapore.

We	 have	 partnered	 with	 reputable	 contractors and	 property	 developers	 for	 M&amp;E	 engineering services projects	 that	 span	 different	 market segments	 including commercial, institutional, educational,	 residential,	 hotels,	 industrial	 and public	 infrastructure	 market	 segments.	 Led	 by an	 experienced	 management	 team,	 we	 pride ourselves	 as	 a	 highly	 competitive	 and	 reliable outfit,	 as	 can	 be	 seen	 from	 our	 track	 record	 of successful	public	and	private	sector	projects.

The	Group	holds	the	highest	'L6'	grading	in	the following	 workheads	 of	 the	 M&amp;E	 engineering services categories under the contractors' registry	administered	by	the	BCA:

| Workhead  Description  ME15  Integrated	Building	Services  ME12  Plumbing	and	Sanitary	Works  ME05  Electrical	Engineering  ME01  Air-Conditioning,	Refrigeration	and  Ventilation	Works   |
|---|

The	 'L6'	 BCA	 grade	 allows	 the	 holder	 to	 bid for	 all	 public-sector	 contracts	 in	 Singapore	 in the	 relevant	 workhead	 category	 of	 unlimited contract	value.

In	addition,	the	Group	also	acquires	BCA	gradings for	the	following	workheads:

| Workhead  Description  Grading  CR07  Cable	/	Pipe	Laying	and  Road	Reinstatement  L5  ME06  Fire Prevention and  Protection	Systems  L4  CW02  Civil	Engineering  C3   |
|---|

In	 FY2022,	 the	 revenue	 from	 M&amp;E	 engineering services	business	increased	by	70.0%	to	S$71.9 million	as	compared	to	S$42.3	million	recorded in	 FY2021.	 The	 increase	 in	 revenue	 was	 mainly due	 to	 the	 low	 base	 given	 the	 Circuit	 Breaker and	 slow	 resumption	 of	 construction	 activities after	 the	 Circuit	 Breaker	 in	 the	 prior	 financial year.	 Revenue	 from	 M&amp;E	 engineering	 services business	 accounted	 for	 93.2%	 of	 the	 Group's total	turnover	in	FY2022	(FY2021:	92.2%)

<!-- image -->

## Business Review

The	 Group's	 gross	 profit	 margin	 in	 FY2022	 was 10.0%,	 higher	 than	 the	 6.6%	 achieved	 in	 FY2021. As	 at	 31	 March	 2022,	 King	 Wan	 has	 amassed approximately	 S$199.9	 million	 worth	 of	 M&amp;E engineering	services	contracts	on	hand.

Some	 of	 the	 notable	 projects	 secured	 between April	2021	to	March	2022	include:

- One Holland Village Residences -	 supply	and installation	 of	 air	 conditioning	 and	 mechanical ventilation	 services	 works	 for	 the	 proposed new erection of residential development (Total:	551	units)	and	proposed	new	erection of	commercial	development	at	Holland	Road;
- Grand Hyatt Hotel Singapore -supply, installation and commissioning of air conditioning	and	mechanical	ventilation	services for	the	proposed	additions	and	alterations;
- Tampines  Neighbourhood  9  Contract  10-12 -	supply	and	installation	of	sanitary,	plumbing, gas,	rainwater,	dry	riser	and	fire	hosereel	works for	 the	 proposed	 public	 housing	 development (Total:	 1,613	 units)	 at	 Tampines	 Street	 95/96; and
- Tengah  Garden  Executive  Condominium -supply	 and	 installation	 of	 plumbing,	 sanitary and gas system works for the proposed executive	 condominium	 housing	 development (Total:	628	units)	at	Tengah	Garden	Walk.

The	 Singapore	 construction	 sector	 had	 been adversely affected since the onset of the COVID-19	pandemic.	The	construction	progress at	 sites	 was	 slowed	 down	 by	 the	 requirement to	comply	with	the	safe	management	measures and	 hampered	 by	 the	 manpower	 shortage.	 As a	 result,	 the	 output	 of	 the	 construction	 sector remained	below	pre-pandemic	levels.	In	addition, the	 supply	 chain	 was	 heavily	 disrupted	 by	 the pandemic	 and	 the	 Ukraine-Russia	 conflict	 and this	pushed	up	the	cost	of	freight	and	materials.

Inflationary	 cost	 pressures	 remains	 a	 concern and	 the	 shortfall	 in	 manpower	 requires	 some time	 to	 be	 fully	 addressed.	 Hence,	 we	 expect the	 M&amp;E	 engineering	 services	 business	 to	 be challenging	in	the	next	twelve	(12)	months.	Based on	 order	 books	 secured,	 the	 M&amp;E	 engineering services	business	segment	will	remain	the	core business	for	the	Group	and	continue	to	generate a	sustainable	income	stream.

The	 Group	 continues	 to	 secure	 contracts	 on	 the back	 of	 our	 strong	 track	 record,	 which	 includes highly	 acclaimed	 projects	 such	 as	 Jewel	 Changi Airport,	and	Singapore	Sports	Hub.	This	clearly shows	the	market's	confidence	in	the	Group's technical	 competency	 to	 undertake	 projects with	a	wide	array	of	requirements.	In	FY2022, the	 Group	 secured	 new	 M&amp;E	 contracts	 worth S$111.2	million.

## Portable Lavatories Rental Services

King Wan also provides mobile lavatories for rental and other ancillary facilities for construction	 sites.	 This	 business	 segment	 has provided	 a	 recurring	 revenue	 stream	 for	 the Group	for	more	than	20	years.

In	FY2022,	the	demand	for	portable	lavatories	at construction	sites	remained	strong.	For	FY2022, it	 generated	 a	 revenue	 of	 S$4.9	 million	 (FY2021: S$3.6 million), which made up about 6.3% (FY2021:	7.8%)	of	the	Group's	total	revenue.

The	Group	has	enhanced	its	marketing	initiatives, explored	 further	 cost	 reduction	 measures,	 as well	 as	 improved	 the	 efficiency	 of	 the	 business operation	 to	 increase	 its	 competitiveness	 in	 the market.	 The	 business	 segment	 will	 continue	 to generate	a	sustainable	income	stream.

## Investment Portfolio

A	 review	 of	 the	 Group's	 investment	 portfolio	 is set	out	below:	-

## 1) Property Development

The	 Property	 Development	 segment	 engages in	 the	 development,	 marketing,	 sale	 and	 rental of	 residential	 and	 commercial	 properties	 in	 the People's	Republic	of	China	('PRC')	and	Thailand. This is made via investments in associate companies,	 in	 collaboration	 with	 our	 business partners.

In	 China,	 the	 Group	 owns	 a	 36.6%	 stake	 in	 its associate	 company,	 Dalian	 Shicheng	 Property Development	 (S)	 Pte	 Ltd,	 which	 is	 responsible for	 its	 property	 development	 project,	 named 'Singapore	Garden'	in	Dalian,	the	PRC.	Singapore Garden	is	a	multi-phased	mixed	development. The	project	had	completed	up	to	phase	7	of	its property	development	consisting	of	residential as	 well	 as	 shop	 front	 units.	 The	 sales	 had significantly	 slowed	 down	 amid	 China's	 more stringent lockdown measures prompted by the	 new	 waves	 of	 COVID-19.	 At	 present,	 the Group	has	no	development	activities	in	China. The	 Group	 will	 continue	 to	 stay	 vigilant	 in

monitoring	 the	 market	 situation.	 Any	 further development	 plans	 for	 the	 remaining	 phases of the development, comprising mainly commercial	 areas,	 will	 depend	 on	 the	 local market	conditions.

In Thailand, the	 Group	 has	 invested	 in	 the property	 sector	 through	 its	 30%	 stake	 in	 the associate	 company,	 S.I.	 Property	 Co.,	 Ltd.	 The associate owns	 and	 operates	 17,308 square metres	 of	 office	 and	 commercial	 building	 in Liberty	 Plaza,	 which	 is	 located	 at	 Soi	 Thonglor (Sukhumvit	55)	in	Bangkok,	Thailand.

## 2) Vessel Ownership &amp; Chartering

King	 Wan	 has	 a	 30%	 stake	 in	 its	 associate company,	 Gold	 Hyacinth	 Development	 Pte	 Ltd, which	owns	and	operates	a	Crown	58	'Supramax' Bulk	Carrier,	named	'Hai	Jin'.	Designed	and	built to	carry	dry	bulk	commodities,	the	carrier	has	a deadweight	of	58,000	tons	and	a	net	tonnage of	 19,582	 tons.	 From	 July	 2022	 onwards,	 Hai Jin	 will	 be	 chartered	 at	 an	 increased	 rate	 as	 a result	 of	 an	 improvement	 in	 demand	 for	 dry bulk	 commodities	such	as	steel,	aluminum	and iron	ore.

## 3) Workers' Dormitory

The	 Group	 has	 a	 19%	 stake	 in	 its	 associate company, Nexus Point Investments Pte Ltd ('Nexus'), which operates the Tuas South Dormitory,	a	9,180-bed	workers'	dormitory	that has	commenced	operations	since	mid-2016.	Tuas South	Dormitory	is	one	of	the	largest	purposebuilt	 workers'	 dormitories	 in	 Singapore	 and	 is well-equipped	to	meet	the	needs	of	its	residents. Nexus	 has	 shown	 improvement	 in	 both	 rental rate	 and	 occupancy	 rate	 since	 it	 first	 started operations	in	2016.

Throughout	 the	 pandemic,	 Nexus	 cooperated with the authorities to implement safe management measures in accordance with regulations	 to	 ensure	 the	 residents'	 safety	 and welfare.	 During	 the	 current	 financial	 year,	 the dormitory	business	continues	to	be	impacted	by the	restrictions	on	the	inflow	of	migrant	workers and	stringent	Ministry	of	Manpower's	Safe	Living Measures	 to	 improve	 the	 living	 conditions	 of dormitory	residents.

## 4) Kaset  Thai  International  Sugar  Corporation Public Company Limited ('KTIS')

The	 share	 price	 of	 the	 KTIS	 shares	 held	 by	 the Group	 has	 increased	 to	 THB	 4.64	 per	 share	 as at	 31	 March	 2021	 compared	 with	 THB	 3.92	 as at	31	March	2021.	As	at	31	March	2022,	the	fair value	 of	 the	 quoted	 equity	 shares	 of	 KTIS	 was S$21.4	million	(31	March	2021:	S$18.9	million).

As	 stated	 in	 KTIS'	 annual	 report	 dated	 29 November	 2021,	 KTIS	 's	 bio	 business	 continued to play a vital role and maintained the production of hand	 sanitisation alcohol to meet	 the	 market	 demand	 at	 reasonable	 price amidst	 the	 COVID-19	 pandemic.	 KTIS	 has	 also developed	a	 variety	 of	 bagasse	 pulp	 packaging to	 meet	 increasing	 consumer	 demand.	 Despite KTIS	 making	 a	 loss	 in	 its	 latest	 financial	 year ended	30	September	2021	due	to	decrease	in sugarcane	 production	 as	 a	 result	 of	 drought, the	 Group	 received	 dividend	 income	 from	 its investment	in	KTIS	amounting	to	S$0.5	million (FY2021:	 S$Nil).	 KTIS	 reported	 a	 net	 profit	 for its	 half	 year	 ended	 31	 March	 2022	 on	 Stock Exchange	of	Thailand.

## 5) Green Solutions

## Green	retrofitting,	upgrading	&amp;	optimisation

In	 October	 2022,	 King	 Wan	 collaborated	 with Evercomm	 Singapore	 Pte.	 Ltd.	 ('Evercomm')	 to set	up	a	joint	venture	company	named	King	Wan Eco	Solutions	Pte.	Ltd.	('KWES')	with	the	purpose to	 help	 businesses	 in	 our	 collaborative	 national effort	 to	 work	 towards	 the	 Singapore	 Green	 Plan 2030,	as	well	as	to	grow	and	thrive	within	a	safe, smart	 and	 sustainable	 built	 environment.	 King Wan	has	a	70%	stake	in	KWES.

Evercomm	 is a company	 that specialises in providing energy Artificial Intelligence ('AI') services and energy management solutions. Leveraging	 on	 strengths	 of	 Evercomm	 and	 King Wan, KWES can offer end-to-end, one-stop solutions,	 linking	 the	 digitalisation	 process	 with the	 recommended	 retrofitting,	 upgrading	 and optimisation	works	in	Singapore.

Through	 a	 seamless	 network	 of	 Internet	 of Things	 ('IoT')	 sensors	 and	 use	 of	 AI,	 KWES will design, propose and	 implement	 energy optimisation	 solutions	 for	 buildings	 and	 facilities owners.	 The	 solutions	 will	 allow	 them	 to	 reduce their	 operating	 costs	 and	 carbon	 footprint,	 with minimal	 interruptions	 and	 compromises	 to	 their business	operations.

## Green	products

In November 2022, King Wan started to distribute sustainable, eco-friendly, and affordable	 packaging	 products	 in	 Singapore. These	 green	 products	 are	 made	 from	 safe and	 healthy	 sugarcane	 bagasse	 sourced	 and manufactured	in	Thailand.

## SUSTAINABILITY SUMMARY

King Wan recognises the importance of sustainability and actively	 embraces sustainability practices in the Group's strategic formulation	 process. It is our belief	 that	 by	 doing	 so,	 we	 can	 achieve sustainable	 growth,	 care	 for	 our	 people, and	protect	our	environment.

<!-- image -->

## Sustainability Targets

## For Our Business Operations

<!-- image -->

## Goal 1:

We strive to reduce energy, water consumption and emissions for our dormitory,	corporate	office,	and	mobile	loo business.

<!-- image -->

## Goal 2:

We	target	to	adopt	innovative	technologies for	 our	 construction	 segment	 to	 reduce wastages	and	increase	efficiency.

## For Our Employees

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Goal 1:

We	aim	to	introduce	more	diversity	into	our workplace	-	in	terms	of	gender,	nationality and	 age	 group	 mix	 -	 to	 strengthen	 our competency	while	providing	fair	and	equal employment	opportunities	for	all.

## Goal 2:

We	 will	 continue	 to	 engage	 and	 develop our	 employees,	 enabling	 each	 of	 them	 to realise	their	full	potential.

## Goal 3:

We are committed to achieving zero fatalities	 and	 injuries	 through	 prioritising occupational	health	and	safety.

## In Communities Where Our Operations are

<!-- image -->

## Goal 1:

We	will	continue	to	engage	with	charitable organisations	 and	 various	 institutions	 by participating	 in	 community	 service	 that helps	 to	 improve	 the	 community's	 wellbeing.

Read	 more	 about	 our	 sustainability	 efforts	 in	 King	 Wan Corporation	Limited's	Sustainability	Report	2022	to	be	issued in	August	2022.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

King  Wan  Corporation  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  together  with  its  subsidiaries  (the  ' Group ')  is  dedicated  to implementing and maintaining a high standard of corporate governance at all levels within the Group to promote transparency so as to create and enhance the value for shareholders and the Group in the long term.

This  report  sets  out  the  Group's  corporate  governance  practices  in  the  financial  year  ended  31  March  2022 (' FY2022 ') with specific reference to the Singapore Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ').

The Board of Directors is pleased to confirm that the Group has complied in all material aspects with the principles and provisions of the Code. Deviations from the Code, if any, are explained under the respective sections.

## A. BOARD MATTERS

## BOARD'S CONDUCT OF ITS AFFAIRS

Principle 1: The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

## Provisions 1.1 and 1.2 Board roles and Directors' duties

The primary role of the Board is to provide effective leadership and direction to enhance the long-term value of the Group to its shareholders and other stakeholders.

Besides discharging its fiduciary duties and statutory responsibilities, the principal functions of the Board include:

- providing entrepreneurial leadership, setting strategic objectives and ensuring that the necessary financial and human resources are in place for the Group to meet its objectives;
- formulating corporate strategies and charting the business direction of the Group, including the evaluation and approval of major funding, investments and divestments;
- reviewing and approving the Group's annual budget, operational and capital expenditure plans, as well as constructively challenging Management on the strategic options and planning process;
- reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, risk assessment and management, and business reporting to safeguard the shareholders' investments and the Company's assets;
- considering  sustainability  issues  (including  environmental,  social  and  governance  factors)  as  part  of  the Group's overall strategy;
- reviewing the Group's financial performance and approving the release of the Group's half-year and full-year financial results;
- reviewing Management performance;
- approving the nominations of directors;
- identifying  the  key  stakeholder  groups  and  recognising  that  their  perceptions  affect  the  Company's reputation; and
- ensuring transparency and accountability to key stakeholder groups.

The Board exercises due diligence and independent judgement, and make decisions objectively in the best interest of the Group. This is one of the performance criteria for the peer and self assessment on the effectiveness of the individual directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board orientation and training

The Group has in place an orientation program for new Directors to ensure that incoming directors are familiar with the Group's business, corporate governance policies, disclosure of interests in securities, disclosure of any conflict of interest in a transaction involving the Group, prohibitions in dealing in the Company's securities and  restrictions  on  disclosure  of  price  sensitive  information.  The  orientation  program  gives  Directors  an understanding of the Group's business to enable them to assimilate into their new roles. The program also allows  the  new  Director  to  get  acquainted  with  Senior  Management,  thereby  facilitating  board  interaction and independent access to Senior Management. A new Director who has no prior experience as a director of a company listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ')  is  required to undergo training in the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed company conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors, or a reputable institution.

All  new Directors appointed on the Board, if any, will also be provided with a formal letter of appointment setting out the director's duties and obligations. New Directors are given appropriate briefing by the Management on the business activities of the Group and its strategic directions. The Company observed the aforesaid practices when Dr. Teo Ho Pin became an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company on 1 April 2021.

The  Directors  are  provided  with  continuing  briefings  and  updates  in  areas  such  as  Directors'  duties  and responsibilities, corporate governance, risk management, financial reporting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements by the Management, Auditors and Company Secretary, so as to enable them to properly discharge their duties as Board or Board Committee members. Relevant news releases issued by the SGX-ST, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority and/or the Monetary Authority of Singapore are also circulated to the Board. Briefings and updates provided for directors in FY2022 included:

- the Chairman, Managing Director and the Executive Director updated the board on business and strategic developments; and
- the External Auditors, BDO LLP briefed the board on developments in accounting and governance standards.

Directors are at liberty to request for further explanations, briefings or information on any aspect of the Company's operations or business issues from Management.

The Board is mindful of the best practice in the Code to initiate programs for Directors to meet their relevant training needs. In this regard, the Group is supportive of Directors in the participation of industry conferences and seminars and in the funding of members' attendance at any courses or training programs in connection with their duties as a Director. The Company relies on the Directors to update themselves on new laws, regulations and changing commercial risks.

## Provision 1.3

## Internal guidelines on matters requiring Board's approval

Board approval is required for investments, divestments, annual business plans, operating budgets, financial results announcements, statutory accounts and establishment of banking facilities.

## Provision 1.4 Delegation to Board Committee

To assist in the execution of its responsibilities, the Board has established three (3) Board Committees namely the  Audit  Committee  (' AC '),  the  Nominating  Committee  (' NC ')  and  the  Remuneration  Committee  (' RC '). These  Committees  function  within  clearly  defined  written  terms  of  reference  and  operating  procedures, which  are  reviewed  on  a  regular  basis.  The  effectiveness  of  each  Committee  is  also  constantly  monitored.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

All the Committees are actively engaged and play an important role in ensuring good corporate governance in the Company and within the Group. The Board accepts that while these various Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and will report to the Board with their decision and/or recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board.

## Provision 1.5

## Board and Board Committee meetings and attendance records

The Board conducts meetings on a quarterly basis. Ad hoc meetings are also convened when circumstances warrant. For FY2022, the Board met five (5) times. The report on the Directors' attendance for Board and Board Committees meetings is set out hereunder. Notwithstanding such disclosure, the Board is of the view that the contributions of each director extend beyond his/her attendance at these meetings and their contribution also come  in  other  forms  such  as  through  the  sharing  of  expertise,  advice,  experience  and  strategic  networking relationships that are outside the confine of the Boardroom. Telephonic attendance and conference via audio communication at board meetings are allowed under the Company's Constitution.

Regular Board meetings are held to discuss and decide on specific issues including significant transactions with related  and  non-related  parties,  investments  and  divestments  of  assets,  annual  budget  review,  review  of  the Group's financial performance and to approve the release of the half-year and full-year financial statements. Although specific guidelines have not been formulated to set forth the matters that require Board's approval, the Board, in general, deals with matters such as conflict of interest issues relating to directors and substantial shareholders, major acquisition and disposal of assets, dividend and other distribution to shareholders, and those transactions or matters which require Board's approval under the provisions of the SGX-ST Listing Manual or any applicable regulations.

| Name  No. of Board  Meetings  Attended  No. of  Audit Committee  Meetings  Attended  No. of  Nominating  Committee  Meetings  Attended  No. of  Remuneration  Committee  Meetings  Attended  No. of meetings held  5  4  1  1  Mr. Chua Kim Hua (1)  3  N.A.  1  N.A.  Ms. Chua Eng Eng  5  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Mr. Chua Hai Kuey  5  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Mr. Goh Chee Wee (2)  1  1  1  1  Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul (3)  5  4  N.A.  1  Mr. Tang Siew Foo David (4)  5  4  1  1  Dr. Teo Ho Pin (5)  5  3  N.A.  N.A.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes

(1)   Mr. Chua Kim Hua was re-designated as the Non-Executive Chairman with effect from 1 July 2022.

(2)   Mr. Goh Chee Wee retired at the conclusion of the Company's Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') on 30 July 2021.

- (3)   Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul was appointed as a member of the Nominating Committee with effect from 30 July 2021.

(4)   Mr. Tang Siew Foo David was appointed as the Lead Independent Director and Chairman of the Audit Committee with effect from 30 July 2021.

(5)   Dr. Teo Ho Pin was appointed as an Independent Director on 1 April 2021. Dr. Teo was appointed as the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and member of the Audit Committee with effect from 30 July 2021.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 1.6

## Access to complete, adequate and timely information

All  Directors  are  provided  with  the  names  and contact details of the Company's Senior Management and the Company Secretary to facilitate unrestricted access to the Senior Management and the Company Secretary in carrying out their duties. Requests for information from the Board are dealt with promptly by the Management.

The Board is kept informed of all relevant information on material events and transactions accurately and promptly as and when they arise. The Management also consults the Board whenever necessary.

An agenda for Board meetings together with the relevant papers are prepared in consultation with the Managing Director and are circulated before the holding of each Board and Committee meetings. This allows control over the quality, quantity and timeliness of the flow of information between the Management and the Board. The Board papers include sufficient background explanatory information from the Management on financial, business and corporate issues to enable the Directors to be properly briefed on issues to be considered at Board meetings. Such explanatory information may also be in the form of briefings to the Directors or formal presentations made by Senior Management staff in attendance at Board meetings, or by external professionals engaged on specific projects.

## Provision 1.7

## Company Secretary/Independent professional advice

## Company Secretary

Directors  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  Company  Secretary.  The  Company  Secretary  is responsible  for,  among  other  things,  ensuring  that  Board  procedures  are  observed  and  compliance  with  the Company's Constitution, relevant rules and regulations of the Companies Act 1967, the Securities and Futures Act 2001, and the SGX-ST Listing Manual. The Company Secretary also assists the Chairman and the Board in implementing and strengthening corporate governance practices and processes, with a view to enhancing longterm shareholder value.

Under the direction of the Managing Director, the Company Secretary ensures good information flow to and within the Board and its Committees and between Management and Non-Executive Directors.

During FY2022, the Company Secretary attended and prepared minutes for all meetings of the Board and its Committees and the minutes of such meetings were promptly circulated to all members of the Board and Board Committees. The Company Secretary assists the Chairman of the Board, the Chairman of Board Committees and Management in the development of the agendas for the various Board and Board Committee meetings.

The appointment and the removal of the Company Secretary are subject to the Board's approval.

## Independent professional advice

The Board members may, at any time, in the furtherance of their duties, request for independent professional advice and receive training at the expense of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD COMPOSITION AND GUIDANCE

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## Board Composition at a glance

The Board presently comprises of six (6) members - one (1) is Non-Independent Non-Executive Director, two (2) are Non-Independent Executive Directors and three (3) are Independent Non-Executive Directors. Key information on the Directors' particulars and background can be found under 'Board of Directors' section on pages 10 to 11 of the Annual Report.

As at 14 July 2022, the Board comprises the following members:

| Mr. Chua Kim Hua  Non-Executive Chairman  Ms. Chua Eng Eng  Managing Director  Mr. Chua Hai Kuey  Executive Director  Mr. Tang Siew Foo David  Lead Independent and Non-Executive Director  Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul  Independent and Non-Executive Director  Dr. Teo Ho Pin  Independent and Non-Executive Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provisions 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3

Independence of Directors, Composition of Independent Directors on the Board and Proportion of Non-Executive Directors

## Board Independence

The Board comprises of three (3) Independent Directors out of a total of six (6) Board members. The three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors are Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul, Mr. Tang Siew Foo David and Dr. Teo Ho Pin.

The independence of each Director is assessed annually by the NC. Each Director is required to make annual declaration of Director's independence based on guidelines as set out in the Code.

Under the Code, an Independent Director is one who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgment with a view to the best interests of the Company.

The NC is tasked to determine on an annual basis and as and when the circumstances require whether or not a Director is independent, bearing in mind the guidelines set forth in the Code and any other salient factors which would render a director to be deemed not independent. For the purpose of determining directors' independence, all directors had provided declaration of their independence which was deliberated upon by the NC and the Board.

The  Board  recognises  that  Independent  Directors  will  over  time  develop  significant  insights  in  the  Group's businesses and operations, and can continue to provide significant and valuable contribution objectively to the Board as a whole. An Independent Director's contributions in terms of experience, expertise, integrity, objectivity and independent judgment in engaging and challenging the management in the best interests of the Company as he or she performs his or her duties are more critical measures in ascertaining his independence than the number of years he or she has served.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In  line  with  the  SGX-ST  Listing  Rule  210(5)(d)(iii)  which  came  into  effect  on  1  January  2022,  the  continued appointment of an Independent Director who has served the Board for an aggregate period of more than nine years will be subject to the approval of (i) all Shareholders; and (ii) all Shareholders, excluding Shareholders who are Directors and the CEO of the Company (and their associates). Subsequent to the retirement of Mr. Goh Chee Wee at the Company's last annual general meeting held on 30 July 2021, who is a former Independent Director of the Company and the only Independent Director having served the Board beyond nine years, there is no Director on the Board who is subjected to this mandatory two-tier voting process at the forthcoming AGM.

During FY2022, the NC had conducted its annual review of the Director's Independence, and was satisfied that the Company complied with the guideline of the Code, and each and every Director share equal responsibility on the Board.

During FY2022, the Independent Directors make up half of the Board. The NC is cognizant of the deviations from provisions 2.2 and 2.3 of the Code whereby Independent Directors and Non-Executive Directors shall make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent. Notwithstanding these deviations, the Board is of the view that there is a sufficiently strong element and safeguards in place to enable independent exercise of objective judgement on affairs and operations of the Group by the members of the Board. The AC and RC comprise entirely of Independent Directors while the NC is made up of a majority of Independent Directors. AC, RC and NC meetings are chaired by the Independent Directors and decisions made at these meetings are achieved by majority consensus. This provides a strong and independent element on the Board and fundamental to good corporate governance as it facilitates the exercise of independent and objective judgment on corporate affairs. It also ensures that key issues and strategies are critically reviewed, constructively challenged, fully discussed and thoroughly examined.

## Provision 2.4 Board composition and size

## Board composition and size

During FY2022, the NC had conducted its annual review on the composition and size of the Board and concluded that they were appropriate, taking into account the scope and nature of the Group's businesses, for effective decision making. The Board, which is made up of a total of six (6) Directors, currently includes two (2) female Directors who have served for different tenures. The NC also noted that there was adequate diversity in that the  Board  comprised  members  of  both  genders  and  from  different  backgrounds  whose  core  competencies, qualifications, skills and experiences met with the requirements of the Group.

## Board Diversity

The Board and the Management fully appreciate that an effective and robust Board, whose members engage in open and constructive debates and challenge the Management on its assumptions and proposals, is fundamental to good corporate governance.

A  Board  should  also  aid  in  the  development  of  strategic  proposals  and  oversee  effective  implementation  by the Management to achieve set objectives. For this to happen, the Board and the Non-Executive Directors, in particular, must be kept well informed of the Group's businesses and be knowledgeable about the industry the Group operates in.

To ensure that the Non-Executive Directors are well supported by accurate, complete and timely information, the Non-Executive Directors have unrestricted access to management. The Group has adopted initiatives to put in place processes to ensure that the Non-Executive Directors have sufficient time and resources to discharge their oversight functions effectively. These initiatives include:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- regular informal meetings are held by management to brief the Non-Executive Directors on prospective deals and potential developments at an early stage, before formal Board's approval is sought; and
- periodic  information  papers  and  board  papers  on  the  latest  market  developments  and  trends,  and  key business initiatives are circulated to Non-Executive Directors on a timely basis to allow them to have sufficient time for review.

## Provision 2.5

## Regular meetings of Non-Executive Directors

In FY2022, the Non-Executive Directors met during the periodic meetings of the Board and Board Committees. In addition, the Non-Executive Directors met informally (online or offline) with the key management personnel (including the Managing Director) and other Senior Management of the Group from time to time to discuss matters relating to the Group. After the meetings, they provided feedback to Management to review and resolve specific issues and matters discussed during the meetings. The Company has benefited from Management's ready access to the Non-Executive Directors for guidance and exchange of views, both within and outside of Board and Board Committee meetings in FY2022.

## CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR

Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Provisions 3.1 and 3.2

## Separation of the role of Chairman and Managing Director

The Executive Chairman and the Managing Director for the Group are separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making.

Mr. Chua Kim Hua, who is the founder of the Group and serves as Executive Director during FY2022, also assumes the role of Chairman of the Board. He plays an instrumental role in developing the business of the Group and provides the Group with strong leadership and vision. While serving his role as the Executive Chairman, Mr. Chua Kim Hua charts the strategic direction, the business planning and development of the Group. He also ensures that Board meetings are held as and when necessary, approves the Board meeting agenda and ensures adequate time is available for discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues, reviews the Board papers before they are presented to the Board to ensure that Board members are provided with complete, adequate and timely information. Management staff who have prepared the papers or can provide additional insight into the matters to be discussed are invited to present the papers or attend the relevant Board meetings. Mr. Chua Kim Hua also monitors communications and relations between the Company and its shareholders, between the Board and Management, between Executive and Non-Executive Directors and between Independent and Non-Independent Directors, with a view to encourage constructive relations and dialogue amongst them. The Executive Chairman also works to facilitate the effective contribution of Non-Executive Directors and assists to ensure procedures are introduced to comply with the Company's guidelines on corporate governance.

Ms. Chua Eng Eng, the Managing Director, is responsible for making strategic proposals to the Board, implementing approved strategies and policies, managing and reviewing the development of strategies and running the day-today operations of the Company.

Although the Chairman and the Managing Director are immediate family members, the balance of power and authority is provided by three (3) Committees, namely AC, NC and RC which are all chaired by the Independent Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 3.3

## Lead Independent Director

Subsequent to the retirement of Mr. Goh Chee Wee at the Company's last annual general meeting held on 30 July 2021, the Board had appointed Mr. Tang Siew Foo David to act as the Lead Independent Director. Shareholders with  concerns  may  contact  him  directly  when  contact  through  the  normal  channels  via  the  Chairman,  or  the Managing Director has failed to provide satisfactory resolution, or when such contact is inappropriate. All the Independent Directors, including the Lead Independent Director, meet at least once a year without the presence of other Executive and Non-Independent Directors to discuss matters of significance which are then reported to the Chairman accordingly. The Lead Independent Director also sits on the NC.

## BOARD MEMBERSHIP

Principle 4: The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and reappointment of Directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## Provisions 4.1 and 4.2

Nominating Committee composition and key terms of reference

## Nominating Committee

The NC currently comprises the following Directors:

| Mr. Tang Siew Foo David  Chairman, Independent and Non-Executive Director  Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul  Independent and Non-Executive Director  Mr. Chua Kim Hua  Non-Independent and Non-Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC, which has written terms of reference, is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on all Board appointments and re-appointments. The key terms of reference of the NC include the following:

- review  and  recommend  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  directors  (including Alternate Directors, if applicable);
- review annually whether or not a Director is independent;
- review the skills required by the Board, and the size of the Board;
- ensure that the Company adheres to the board composition rules, including having Independent Directors make up 50% of the Board under certain circumstances;
- identify  gaps  in  the  mix  of  skills,  experience  and  other  qualities  required  in  an  effective  Board  so  as  to better nominate or recommend suitable candidates to fill the gap. It uses its best efforts to ensure that the Directors appointed to the Board possesses the relevant background, experience and knowledge and that each Independent Director brings to the Board an independent and objective perspective to enable the making of balanced and well-considered decisions;
- evaluate whether or not a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as Director of the Company and when he or she has multiple board representations;
- develop a process for evaluating the performance of the Board, its Board Committees and the contribution of each Director;
- formal assessment of the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and individual Director;
- review the training and professional development programs for the Board; and
- review the Board's succession plans for Directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The NC meets at least once annually, which will entail the calling of meetings, notice to be given of such meetings, the voting and proceedings. Minutes of the deliberations and proceedings of the NC are recorded by the Company Secretary.

## Continuous Board renewal

The Board, in conjunction with the NC, reviews the composition of the Board and Board Committees annually, taking  into  account  the  performance  and  contribution  of  each  individual  Director.  Board  composition  is  also evaluated to ensure diversity of skills and experience is maintained within the Board and Board Committees. Based on the NC's assessment of independence of each individual Director and his or her relevant expertise, and with the aim of ensuring compliance with the requirements of the Code, the Board reviews, and reconstitutes as appropriate, the membership of the Board Committees.

## Recommendation of Directors

The  NC  is  responsible  for  identifying  candidates  and  reviewing  all  nominations  for  the  appointment,  reappointment or termination of Directors and Board Committee members, taking into account the proper criteria for such appointments, the Director's independence status, his or her participation and contributions during and outside Board meetings, the Code and other relevant factors as may be determined by the NC.

The Board recognises the contribution of its Independent Directors. They have, over time, developed deep insight into  the  Group's  businesses and operations and are therefore able to provide invaluable contributions to the Group. As such, the Board has not set a fixed term of office for each of its Independent Directors so as to be able to retain the services of the Directors as necessary.

## Provision 4.3 Selection, appointment and re-appointment of Directors

## Process for selection and appointment of new Directors

When an existing Director chooses to retire or the need for a new Director arises, the NC, in consultation with the Board, determines the selection criteria and identifies candidates with the appropriate expertise and experience for  the  appointment  as  new  Director.  The  potential  candidate  may  be  proposed  by  existing  Directors,  the Management or through third-party referrals. Shortlisted candidates will be required to furnish their curriculum vitae, stating in detail their qualifications, working experience and employment history. The NC may also consider to meet with the shortlisted potential candidates with the appropriate profile before nominating the most suitable candidates to the Board for appointment as Director. These processes were applied for the appointment of new Director, Dr. Teo Ho Pin in FY2022.

## Process for Re-election of Directors

The NC is responsible for re-election of Directors. In its deliberations on the re-election of existing directors, the NC takes into consideration the Director's contribution and performance (including his or her contribution and performance as an Independent Director, if applicable).

The assessment parameters include attendance record, preparedness, intensity of participation and candor at meetings of the Board and Board Committees as well as the quality of intervention and special contribution.

We believe the Board renewal should be an ongoing process in order to ensure good corporate governance. The Company's Constitution requires one-third of the Board to retire and subject to re-election by shareholders at every AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Directors are required to submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals of at least once in every three (3) years. In addition, a newly appointed Director will submit himself or herself for retirement and re-election at the AGM immediately following his or her appointment. Thereafter, he or she is subject to retirement by rotation once every three (3) years.

At the forthcoming AGM, Mr. Chua Kim Hua and Mr. Tang Siew Foo David who are retiring by rotation, are seeking re-election under Regulation 115 of the Company's Constitution.

The NC reviewed the above nominations for the re-election taking into account, the Director's individual credentials, his or her participation and contributions during and outside board meetings, as well as each Director's listed company board directorships and any other relevant time commitments.

On the issue of competing time commitments that were faced when Directors serve on multiple boards, the Committee noted that all the Directors seeking re-election had adequately carried out their duties as Directors of the Company during the year.

The NC, after assessing the contribution, performance and their effectiveness as Directors, recommended that Mr. Chua Kim Hua and Mr. Tang Siew Foo David be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

## Appointment of Alternate Directors

In FY2022, the Company had no Alternate Director on its Board.

## Provision 4.4

## Continuous review of Directors' independence

The NC determines on an annual basis whether or not a director is independent, taking into account the Code's guidance on what constitutes an 'independent' director, and the existence of relationships or circumstance which would deem a director to be not independent. A Director who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its 5% substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of his independent business judgment with a view to the best interest of the Company, is considered to be independent.

## Provision 4.5 Multiple directorships

## Directors' time commitments

All  Directors  are  required  to  declare  their  Board  representations.  The  limit  on  the  number  of  listed  company directorships that a director may hold should be considered on a case-by-case basis, as a person's available time and attention may be affected by different factors.

A Director with multiple directorships is expected to ensure that sufficient attention is given to the affairs of the Group. The NC believes that each individual Director is best placed to determine and ensure that he or she is able to devote sufficient time and attention to discharge his or her duties and responsibilities as a Director of our Company, notwithstanding his or her multiple board appointments.

The  NC  determines  annually  whether  a  Director  with  multiple  board  representations  and/or  other  principal commitments is able to and has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as a Director of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The NC takes into account the results of the assessment of the effectiveness of the individual Director, and the respective directors' actual conduct on the Board, in making this determination.

In FY2022, the NC had conducted an annual review and was of the view that each Director had discharged his or her duties adequately and satisfactorily. The Board is satisfied that each Director has committed sufficient time to the Company and has contributed meaningfully to the Group.

## BOARD PERFORMANCE

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its Board Committees and individual Directors.

## Provisions 5.1 and 5.2

## Board evaluation process, Board performance criteria and individual Director evaluation

## Board evaluation policy

The Board has implemented a process carried out by the NC, for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, effectiveness of its Board Committees and the contribution by each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board on an annual basis.

## Board evaluation process

Each  director  had  completed  a  confidential  questionnaire  covering  areas  such  as  Board  composition,  the effectiveness of the Board in its monitoring role and the attainment of the strategic and long-term objectives set by the Board. The Company Secretary compiles Directors' responses to the questionnaire into a consolidated report. The report is discussed at an NC meeting and is also shared with the entire Board.

The NC reviewed the consolidated report to ascertain whether there were key areas for improvement/areas that required follow-up actions.

The  NC  considered  the  performance  and  effectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole  taking  into  consideration, attendance records at respective Board and Committee meetings, the contribution of each individual Director to the Board's effectiveness, Board process, Board accountability and communication with Senior Management and standard of conduct. It also takes into consideration that the Independent Directors, despite the demands on their time, have the capacity to participate and contribute as members of the Board.

Based on the summary of median scores of the results of the qualitative questionnaires completed by the directors, and in comparison with the median scores of the performance evaluation exercise submitted for the preceding year, the NC noted that the Directors were generally satisfied and that the performance of the Directors was good, and as a Group, the Board provided core competencies with accounting/finance, business or management experience and industry knowledge.

For FY2022, the NC was satisfied that all Directors had discharged their duties adequately and that no individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision-making process. The Board collectively not only reflect a diverse wealth of experience and knowledge in business, finance, accounting, and technical and management skills, but they also possess independence in decision-making at Board level. The Board as a whole had performed effectively and contributed to the growth of the Group. The NC is also of the view that the Board's current size and composition effectively serves the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## B. REMUNERATION MATTERS

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on Director and executive  remuneration,  and  for  fixing  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  Directors  and  key management personnel. No Director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## Provisions 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3

Remuneration Committee composition, key terms of reference and developing remuneration framework

## Remuneration Committee

The RC currently comprises the following Directors:

| Dr. Teo Ho Pin  Chairman, Independent and Non-Executive Director  Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul  Independent and Non-Executive Director  Mr. Tang Siew Foo David  Independent and Non-Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Board considers that the members of the RC collectively have strong management experience and expertise on remuneration issues.

The  RC  is  responsible  for  ensuring  a  formal  and  transparent  procedure  for  developing  policies  on  executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual Directors and key management personnel. In the event that a member of RC is related to the employee under review, he or she will abstain from the review.

The members of the RC carried out their duties in accordance with the terms of reference which include the following:

- review and recommend to the Board for endorsement, a framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel. The framework covers all aspect of remuneration, including but not limited to Director's fees, salaries, allowances, bonus, and benefits-in-kind;
- review and recommend to the Board, the specific remuneration packages for each Director as well as for the key management personnel;
- review the level and mix of remuneration and benefits policies and practices of the Company, including the long-term incentive schemes on an annual basis. The performance of the Company and that of executives would be considered by the RC in undertaking such reviews;
- review  the  Group's  obligations  arising  in  the  event  of  termination  of  the  Executive  Directors'  and  key management personnel's contracts  of  service,  to  ensure  that  such  contracts  of  service  contain  fair  and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous; and
- review the development of senior staff and assesses their strengths and development needs based on the Group's leadership competencies framework, with the aim of building talent and maintaining strong and sound leadership for the Group.

The Committee meets at least once annually.

The RC sets compensation to ensure that the Company is competitive and can attract, retain and motivate Directors and  key  management  personnel  of  the  required  experience  and  expertise  to  run  the  Company  successfully. In  setting  remuneration packages for Directors and key management personnel, the remuneration and other conditions  within  the  industry  and  comparable  companies  are  taken  into  consideration.  While  structured  to attract and retain highly qualified people, the overall goal is to encourage sustained value-oriented management. The RC also aims to be fair and avoids rewarding poor performance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

None of the  members of the RC or any Director  is  involved  in  deliberations  in  respect  of  any  remuneration, compensation, share-based incentives or any form of benefits to be granted to him or her.

## Provision 6.4

## RC's access to advice on remuneration matters

The RC has access to expert advice in the field of executive compensation outside the Company, when required, in  framing the remuneration policy and determining the level and mix of remuneration for Directors and key management personnel.

## LEVEL AND MIX OF REMUNERATION

Principle 7:  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## Provisions 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3

## Remuneration of Directors and key management personnel

When setting remuneration packages, the Company takes into consideration current practices of companies in the same industry and companies that are comparable in size and operations. The Group's financial performance and the performance of individual Directors are also taken into consideration.

The Group's compensation framework comprises base salary, variable bonus and fixed allowances. These are linked  to  corporate  and  individual  performance,  based  on  an  annual  appraisal  process.  The  Company  links remuneration  of  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  to  the  Group's  performance,  individual performance, based on appraisal, performance assessment, competencies and potential of individuals. The level and structure of the remuneration of Directors and key management personnel are aligned with the long-term interest and risk policies of the Company.

In  designing  the  compensation  structure,  the  RC  seeks  to  ensure  that  the  level  and  mix  of  remuneration  is competitive, relevant and appropriate in finding a balance between current versus long-term compensation.

Executive Directors do not receive directors' fees. The structure for Executive Directors and key management personnel consist of the following components:

- a. Fixed remuneration
- b. Variable bonus
- c. Other benefits-in-kind

## Fixed remuneration

The  fixed  remuneration  comprises  base  salary,  statutory  employer's  contributions  to  the  Central  Provident Funds (' CPF ') and fixed allowances. In setting remuneration packages, the Group takes into account salary and employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable companies, as well as the Group's relative performance and the performance of Executive Directors and key management personnel.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Variable bonus

Variable bonus is an annual remuneration component which varies according to the Group's and the individual's performance objectives. To link rewards to performance, the more senior the executive in the Group, the higher is the percentage of the variable bonus against total compensation. The Company has not implemented any clawback provision for the service contracts of Executive Directors and its key management personnel to allow the Company to reclaim incentive components of remuneration from them in exceptional circumstances such as misstatement of financial results or misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company.

The Executive Directors participates in profit sharing, which is based on the performance of the Group as a whole. Additionally, in making its decision regarding appropriate performance objectives, the RC also considered the following factors relative to profit before tax and profit after tax:

- each Executive Director and key management personnel believe he or she can meaningfully contribute to the achievement of performance objectives set; and
- maintaining the consistency of the objectives over a number of years allows for more accurate measurement and comparison of, and reward for, the desired performance from year to year.

## Other benefits-in-kind

The Group provides benefits consistent with local market practice, such as medical benefits, club membership and car allowance. Eligibility for these benefits will depend on individual salary grade and length of service.

The Executive Directors, Mr. Chua Hai Kuey and Ms. Chua Eng Eng have entered into service contracts with the Company, subject to renewal every three (3) years. The review of service contracts for Executive Directors come under the purview of the RC to ensure that fair and reasonable terms of service is tied with performance. The service contracts of the Mr. Chua Hai Kuey and Ms. Chua Eng Eng were last renewed in 2020. Each service contract may be terminated by either party giving the other party at least three (3) months prior written notice.

## Long-term incentives

The Company currently does not have any long-term incentive scheme or schemes involving the offer of shares or grant of options or any other forms of deferred remuneration. The Board is of the view that such long-term incentive plan may not be effective and that it is difficult to determine how such long-term incentive plan contributes to the retention of employees and/or motivating desired performance.

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

The  Non-Executive  Directors  receive  a  basic  fee  for  serving  as  Director,  and  an  additional  fee  for  serving  on Board Committees in FY2022. The Non-Executive Directors will also receive additional fees if he or she serve as Chairman of Board Committees. In order not to compensate the Non-Executive Directors excessively, the RC takes into consideration factors such as frequency of meetings, time required and responsibilities of Non-Executive Directors. The Company is fully aware of the need to pay competitive fees to attract, retain and motivate the Directors. Directors' fees are recommended by the Board for approval at the Company's AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DISCLOSURE ON REMUNERATION

Principle 8: The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## Provisions 8.1 and 8.3

Disclosure of remuneration and details of all forms of remuneration and other payments and benefits paid to Directors and key management personnel

## Remuneration of Directors

The breakdown of remuneration of the Directors of the Company for FY2022 is set out below:

| Name of Director  Fixed  Component  (1)  Variable  Component  (2)  Provident  Fund  (3)  Directors  Fees  Total  Compensation  %  %  %  %  %  Up to S$250,000  Mr. Chua Hai Kuey  91%  4%  5%  0%  100%  Ms. Chua Eng Eng  91%  4%  5%  0%  100%  Mr. Chua Kim Hua  92%  4%  4%  0%  100%  Mr. Goh Chee Wee  0%  0%  0%  100%  100%  Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul  0%  0%  0%  100%  100%  Mr. Tang Siew Foo David  0%  0%  0%  100%  100%  Dr. Teo Ho Pin  0%  0%  0%  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes

(1)   Fixed Component refers to annual basic salary for FY2022.

(2)   Variable Component refers to annual variable bonus and allowances paid in FY2022.

(3)   Provident Fund represents payment in respect of the Company's statutory contributions to the Singapore CPF.

To maintain confidentiality of the remuneration policies of the Group, the Board is of the view that it is in the best interests of the Group not to fully disclose details of remuneration of each individual Director. In arriving at this decision, the Board took into consideration, inter alia , the confidential nature of remuneration matters, the relative size of the Group, the competitive business environment in which the Group operates in, and the negative impact such disclosure may have on the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Remuneration of top five (5) key management personnel

The following information relates to the remuneration of the Company's top five (5) key management personnel (not being Directors) for FY2022:

| Name of Executive  Fixed  Component  (1)  Variable  Component  (2)  Provident  Fund  (3)  Total  Compensation  %  %  %  %  S$250,001 to S$500,000  First Executive  83%  10%  7%  100%  Up to S$250,000  Second Executive  75%  18%  7%  100%  Third Executive  95%  0%  5%  100%  Fourth Executive  91%  5%  4%  100%  Fifth Executive  84%  9%  7%  100%  Notes   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)   Fixed Component refers to annual basic salary for FY2022.

(2)   Variable Component refers to annual variable bonus and allowances paid in FY2022.

(3) Provident Fund represents payment in respect of the Company's statutory contributions to the Singapore CPF.

Due to competition related reasons, the names of the top five (5) key management personnel are not disclosed.

For  FY2022,  the  aggregate  remuneration (including employer CPF and benefits-in-kind) of the top five (5) key management personnel was S$894,000 (FY2021 : S$797,000).

During FY2022, there was no termination, retirement or post-employment benefits granted to Directors and the key management personnel (who are not directors).

## Provision 8.2 Employee who is a substantial shareholder or is an immediate family member of a Director, Managing Director or substantial shareholder

Remuneration of employees who are immediate family members of a Director

For FY2022, the Company and its subsidiary companies do not have employee who is an immediate family member of a director and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## C. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

## Provision 9.1 Significant risks, objectives and value creation

The Board is accountable to the shareholders and is mindful of its obligations to furnish timely, reliable and full disclosure of material information to shareholders in compliance with statutory requirements and the Listing Manual of the SGX-ST. Price sensitive information will be publicly released either before the Company meets with any group of investors or analysts or simultaneously with such meetings.

Financial results and annual reports are announced or issued within legally prescribed periods. The Board also ensures timely and full disclosure of material corporate developments to shareholders.

The  Group  recognises  the  importance  of  providing  the  Board  with  accurate  and  relevant  information  on  a timely basis. Hence, Board members receive regular financial and business reports from the Management. The Management updates the Board on the Group's business activities and financial performance through quarterly operations  reports.  Such  reports  compare  the  Group's  actual  performance  against  results  of  the  previous corresponding financial period and where appropriate, against forecast. Major variances are analysed, investigated and explained accordingly. Such reports keep the Board members informed of the Group's and the Company's performance, position and prospects.

The  Board  reviews  and  approves  the  results  as  well  as  any  announcements  before  its  release.  In  presenting the  financial  statements  to  shareholders,  the  Board  aims  to  provide  shareholders  with  a  balanced  and  clear assessment of the Group's position and prospects. The Board also ensures timely and full disclosure of material corporate developments to shareholders.

The AC, through the assistance of Internal and External Auditors, reviews and reports to the Board on the adequacy of the Group's system of controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls, established by the Management.

In assessing the effectiveness of internal controls, the AC ensures primarily that key objectives are met, material assets are properly safeguarded, fraud or errors in the accounting records are prevented or detected, accounting records are accurate and complete, and reliable financial information is prepared in compliance with applicable internal policies, laws and regulations.

## Risk management

The key risks of the Group are deliberated by the Management and reported to the AC regularly. The AC reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls, which includes the documented policies and procedures, proper segregation of duties, approval procedures and authorities, as well as checks-and-balances built into the business processes. To ensure that internal controls and risk management processes are adequate and effective, the AC is assisted by various independent professional service providers. External Auditors provide assurance over the risk of material misstatements in the Group's financial statements. Internal Auditors provide assurance that controls over the key risks of the Group are adequate and effective.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company has an Enterprise Risk Management Framework in place for the Group. In view of the size and operations of the Company, the Company does not have a separate Committee for Board risk management. The AC and Management will continually assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management framework and processes.

The Company has in place a Whistle Blowing Policy which encourages employees and outside parties such as vendors and contractors to raise concerns, in confidence, about possible irregularities to the whistle blowing Committee.  It  aims  to  provide  an  avenue  for  employees  and  outside  parties  to  raise  concerns  and  offer reassurance that they will be protected from reprisals or victimization for whistle blowing in good faith within the limits of the law.

The AC oversees the administration of the Whistle Blowing Policy. The AC has the responsibility to ensure that there is proper maintenance, regular review and relevant updates of the policy. Revisions, amendments and alterations to the Whistle Blowing Policy are subject to the approval of the AC and the Board prior to implementation. Changes will be notified when they are implemented. There were no complaints received during FY2022.

The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the overall internal control framework, but recognises that no cost effective internal control system will preclude all errors and irregularities, as a system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can provide only reasonable and not absolute  assurance  against  material  misstatement,  poor  judgment  in  decision-making,  human  errors,  losses, fraud or other irregularities.

Based on the review of the key risks identified, and the internal controls established and maintained by the Group, work performed by the Internal and External Auditors, reviews performed by Management and the AC, the Board with the concurrence of the AC, is satisfied that the Group's risk management system and internal controls are adequate  and  effective  in  addressing  financial,  operational  compliance  and  information  technology  risks  for FY2022.

## Provision 9.2

## Assurance from Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer

The Board has received assurance from the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer that i) the financial records of the Group have been properly maintained and the financial statements for FY2022 give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and ii) the system of risk management and internal controls in place within the Group is adequate and effective in addressing the material risks in the Group in its current business environment including material financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## Provisions 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 Composition, roles and expertise of the AC

The AC currently comprises the following Independent Non-Executive Directors who do not have any existing business or professional relationship with the Group, the Directors or the substantial shareholders:

| Mr. Tang Siew Foo David Ms. Siraarpa Siriviriyakul Dr. Teo Ho Pin  Chairman, Independent and Non-Executive Director Independent and Non-Executive Director Independent and Non-Executive Director   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Chairman of the AC, Mr. Tang Siew Fong David, possesses industry experience in banking and financial matters and this brings diversity to the overall skill sets of the Board. The other members of the AC have many years of experience in business and financial management. The Board is of the view that the members of the AC have recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise or experience to discharge the AC's functions.

During FY2022, no former partner or Director of the Company's existing auditing firm or its member firms was appointed as a member of the AC.

The main responsibilities of the AC are to assist the Board in discharging its statutory and other responsibilities relating to four (4) main areas:

- overseeing financial reporting;
- overseeing internal control and risk management systems;
- overseeing internal and external audit processes; and
- overseeing Interested Party Transactions (' IPTs ').

The AC will make enquiries in order to satisfy themselves on the adequacy of the processes supporting the Group's financial reporting, its system of internal control, risk identification and management, its internal and external audit processes, and the Group's process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and its own code of business conduct. The members of the AC carried out their duties in accordance with the written terms of reference which include the following:

- review the significant financial reporting issues and judgments so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements  of  the  Group  and  any  formal  announcements  relating  to  the  Group's  financial  performance before their submission to the Board;
- review with the External Auditors, external audit plan, evaluate the internal accounting controls, audit report, report  on  internal  control  weaknesses  arising  from  the  audit  report  and  management's  response  thereto and any matters which the External Auditors wish to discuss, without the presence of Management;
- review with the Internal Auditors, internal audit plan, the scope and the results of internal audit procedures and their evaluation of the internal control system together with management's responses thereto and any matters which the Internal Auditors wish to discuss, without the presence of Management;
- review the half-year and full-year financial statements and other announcements to shareholders and the SGX-ST prior to submission to the Board;
- reviewing the audit fee, the terms of the audit, the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the External Auditors and making recommendation to the Board on the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment or re-appointment of the External Auditors;
- review the adequacy of the Group's internal controls;
- review IPTs in accordance with the requirements of the SGX-ST Listing Manual;
- review assistance given by the Group's officers to the External and Internal Auditors and ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced; and
- carry out such other functions as may be agreed by the AC and the Board.

The AC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and is authorised to obtain independent  professional  advice.  It  has  full  access  to  and  co-operation  of  the  management  and  reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its duties properly. It also has full discretion to invite any Director or executive officer or any other person to attend its meetings.

The  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Company  Secretary,  Internal  Auditors  and  External  Auditors  are  invited  to  AC meetings. Other members of Senior Management are also invited to attend as appropriate to present reports.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The AC meets with the Internal Auditors and External Auditors two (2) times a year to discuss the reasonableness of financial reporting processes, the system of internal control and comments and recommendations of the auditors. These meetings enable the Internal Auditors and External Auditors to raise issues encountered during the course of their work directly to the AC.

The AC, through its quarterly meetings, reviewed and assessed the adequacy and effectiveness of internal control  and  risk  management  systems,  based  on  updates  by  Management,  internal  auditors  and  external auditors on the Group's risk mitigation measures and internal controls, and reviewed the half-year and full-year financial statements announcements, material announcements and all related disclosures to the shareholders before submission to the Board for approval.

## External Auditor

The AC had reviewed BDO LLP's external audit plan for FY2022 and had agreed with the External Auditor's proposed significant areas of focus and assumptions that impact the financial statements.

In  AC's  review  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  for  FY2022,  it  had  discussed  with  Management  the accounting  principles  that  were  applied  and  their  judgement  of  items  that  could  affect  the  integrity  of  the financial  statements  and  also  considered  the  clarity  of  key  disclosures  in  the  financial  statements.  The  AC focused particularly on:

- any significant adjustments resulting from the audit;
- the appropriateness of the going concern assumption in the preparation of the financial statements; and
- any deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting matters that came to External Auditor's attention during their audit together with their recommendations.

The AC had also discussed the key audit matters with Management and the External Auditors, BDO LLP. The AC concurred with the basis and conclusions included in the Auditors' report with respect to the key audit matters. For more information on the key audit matters, please refer to pages 48 to 53 of this Annual Report.

Following the review and discussions, the AC then recommended to the Board for approval of the audited annual financial statements.

The AC manages the relationship with the Group's External Auditors, on behalf of the Board. During FY2022, the AC assessed the cost effectiveness of the audit processes, together with the Auditors' approach to audit quality and transparency. The AC concluded that the Auditors had demonstrated appropriate qualifications and expertise and that the audit process was effective.

No former partner or director of the Company's existing auditing firm or auditing corporation is a member of the AC.

In appointing Auditors for the Company, subsidiaries and significant associated companies, the Group has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

The AC had recommended to the Board that BDO LLP be re-appointed as the External Auditor of the Company. The Board had accepted this recommendation and proposed a resolution to shareholders for the re-appointment of BDO LLP of the Company at the forthcoming AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Auditor Independence

In order to maintain the independence of the External Auditors, the Group has specific policy which governs the conduct of non-audit work by the External Auditors. This policy prohibits the External Auditors from:

- performing services which would result in the auditing of their own work;
- participating in activities normally undertaken by management;
- acting as advocate for the Group; or
- creating a mutuality of interest between the Auditors and the Group, for example being remunerated through a success fee structure.

The AC undertook a review of the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors through discussions with the External Auditors as well as reviewing any non-audit fees awarded to them. The AC is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the External Auditors after their review.

## Interested Person Transactions

The AC reviewed the Group's IPTs to ensure that the transactions were carried out on normal commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the interests of the Company or its non-controlling shareholders. On a quarterly basis, the Management will report to the AC the IPTs, if any.

The Management reported that the internal control procedures for determining the transaction prices of IPTs had not changed since the date of the last AGM. The AC is satisfied that the internal controls over the identification, evaluation, review, approval and reporting of IPTs was effective.

## Whistle Blowing Policy

Management had on the recommendation of the AC put in place the Whistle Blowing Policy for the King Wan Group. This policy provides a channel to employees and other parties to report in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters such as suspected fraud, corruption, unethical practices or matters which may cause financial loss to the Group or damage the Group's reputation. The AC ensures that arrangements are in place for the independent investigation of such matters and appropriate follow up actions are taken.

It has also been a standard item in the agenda of the quarterly meeting of the AC to review any entries in the register of whistle blowing incidents, and progress of investigation, if it remains outstanding.

## Provisions 10.4

## Internal Auditors, reporting line, compliance and function

The AC is responsible to approve the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the Internal Auditors. The AC will ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has appropriate standing within the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group has outsourced its internal audit function to Ernst &amp; Young Advisory Pte Ltd, an international accounting firm that is not the Company's Auditors. The Internal Auditors serve to provide the Board and the Management with an independent appraisal of the reliability, adequacy and effectiveness of the internal controls established by  the  Management.  Its  aim  is  to  promote  internal  control  in  the  Group  and  to  monitor  the  performance  and the effective application of internal audit procedures. It supports the Directors in assessing key internal controls through a structured review programmed. The Internal Auditors have unfettered access to the Board, the AC and Management, where necessary, and have the right to seek information and explanations. The AC is satisfied that the Internal Auditors are staffed by suitably qualified and experienced personnel. The Group's engagement with Internal Auditors stipulates that its work shall comply with the International Standards for the Professional Practice of Internal Auditing issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors.

The Internal Auditors report directly to the Chairman of the AC and assist in the identification of risks and assessment  of  the  adequacy  of  internal  controls  systems  being  implemented.  The  Internal  Auditors  also make recommendations on how best to address the material risks identified in the Group. The findings of the Internal Auditors are presented to the AC for review. Having reviewed the audit plan, the AC is satisfied that the Company's internal audit function is adequately resourced to perform the work for the Group.

The  Internal  Auditors  submit  to  the  AC  a  report  on  the  status  of  the  audit  plan  and  on  audit  findings, recommendations and actions  taken  by  Management  on  such  findings.  Key  findings  are  highlighted  at  the AC meetings for discussion and follow-up action. The AC monitors the timely and proper implementation of required corrective, preventive or improvement measures undertaken by Management.

During FY2022, the Internal Auditors had conducted its audit reviews based on the approved internal audit plan. All audit reports detailing findings and recommendations were provided to the Management who had responded on the actions to be taken. After having reviewed the internal audit reports and remedial actions implemented by the Management, the AC was satisfied that the internal control functions were adequate and effective.

## Provision 10.5

## Independent meeting with Internal and External Auditors

The AC has full access to the Internal and External Auditors without the presence of the Management of the Company. The AC has explicit authority to investigate any matter within its terms of reference, full access to and co-operation by Management of the Company and full discretion to invite any Director or Management of the Company or professionals to attend its meetings, and reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions properly.

The AC has met the Internal Auditors and External Auditors without the presence of Management during FY2022.

## D. SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS AND CONDUCT OF GENERAL MEETINGS

Principle 11: The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters  affecting  the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 11.1

## Providing opportunity for shareholders to participate and vote at general meetings

Shareholders are given the opportunity to communicate their views and encouraged to raise pertinent questions to the Board members and to vote at shareholders' meetings. The respective Chairman of the AC, NC and RC, as well as the External Auditors are also present at shareholders' meetings to address relevant questions raised by the Shareholders.

Under the alternative arrangements for conducting general meetings during the Safe Management Period in the Covid-19 situation ('Alternative Meeting Arrangements'), only Chairman of the meeting can only be appointed as the sole proxy by shareholders to attend, speak and vote on their behalf at the forthcoming AGM. Under normal circumstances, the Constitution of the Company allows a shareholder of the Company to appoint up to two (2) proxies to attend and vote in his stead at general meetings, and shareholders who are a 'relevant intermediary' (as defined under Section 181 of the Companies Act) may also appoint multiple proxies pursuant to the Companies Act. The Company encourages shareholder participation at general meetings. Information on shareholder meeting is disseminated through notice in the annual reports or circular released through SGXNET and Company's corporate website at the URL https://www.kingwan.com/.

## Provision 11.2 Separate resolutions at general meetings

All resolutions put to every shareholders' meeting of the Company are voted separately unless the resolutions are interdependent and linked so as to form one significant proposal. Voting at the forthcoming AGM shall be conducted by poll. Under the Alternative Meeting Arrangements, the votes will be pre-counted based on the proxy forms received at least 72 hours before the AGM and the poll results will be verified by the independent scrutineer. Votes cast, for or against, and the respective percentages on each resolution are tallied and announced at the meeting and via SGXNET on the same day of the meeting.

## Provision 11.3 Attendees at general meetings

Since 2020, due to the unprecedented pandemic crisis, the Company successfully conducted virtual AGM and Extraordinary General Meeting (' EGM ') via 'live' webcast. The results of the poll votes on each resolution tabled at the AGM and EGM (in 2021) (including the total number of votes cast for or against each resolution) were announced after the said meeting via SGXNet. Alternative Meeting Arrangements will continue to apply to the Company at the upcoming AGM to be held in respect of FY2022.

Shareholders were requested to send their questions or queries to the Company prior to the general meetings. The Company posted its responses to all substantial and relevant questions from shareholders on its website and SGXNet prior to the commencement of the general meetings. The relevant announcements had also been posted on the Company's corporate website.

## Provision 11.4 Absentia voting at general meetings

The Company is not implementing absentia voting methods such as voting via mail, email or fax until security, integrity  of  the  information  and  authentication  of  the  identity  of  shareholders  through  the  web  are  not compromised and other pertinent issues are satisfactorily resolved.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 11.5 Minutes of general meetings

The Company prepares minutes of general meeting with details of the proceedings and the voting results of each resolution, and publishes on its corporate website as soon as practicable.

Under the Alternative Meeting Arrangements, minutes of the AGM will be published via SGXNet and the Company's corporate website within one month from the date of the AGM.

## Provision 11.6 Dividend Policy

The Board aims to declare and pay annual dividends to shareholders on a regular basis. In considering the level of dividend payments, the Board takes into account various factors including:

- level of the Group's available cash;
- return on equity and retained earnings; and
- the Group's projected levels of capital expenditure and other investment plans.

For  FY2022,  the  Board  adopted  a  prudent  approach  to  conserving  cash  in  light  of  the  challenging  business environment. As such, no dividends have been declared.

## E. ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## Provisions 12.1, 12.2 and 12.3 Communication with Shareholders

## Disclosure of information on a timely basis

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate disclosure and transparency. The Group values  dialogue  sessions  with  its  shareholders  and  believes  in  regular,  effective  and  fair  communication  with shareholders and is committed to hearing shareholders' views and addressing their concerns.

Material information is disclosed in a comprehensive, accurate and timely manner via SGXNet, press release and the corporate website. To ensure a level playing field and provide confidence to shareholders, unpublished price  sensitive  information  is  not  selectively  disclosed.  In  the  event  that  unpublished  material  information is  inadvertently disclosed to any selected group in the course of the Group's interactions with the investing community, a media release or announcement will be released to the public via SGXNet.

The Board believes in regular, timely and effective communications with shareholders on all major developments that  impact  the  Group.  The  Company  does  not  practice  selective  disclosure.  Shareholders  are  informed  of shareholders' meetings through published notices and reports or circulars sent to all shareholders. Each item of special business included in the notice of the meeting is accompanied, where appropriate, by an explanation for the proposed resolution. The AGM procedures provide shareholders the opportunity to ask questions relating to  each  resolution  tabled  for  approval.  Opportunities  are  given  to  shareholders  to  participate,  engage,  and openly communicate to the directors, their views on matters relating to the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Pertinent information is communicated to shareholders on a regular and timely basis through:

- the Company's annual reports that are prepared and issued to all shareholders. The Board makes every effort to ensure that the annual report includes all relevant information about the Group, including future developments  and  other  disclosures  required  by  the  Singapore  Companies  Act,  the  Singapore  Financial Reporting Standards and the SGX-ST Listing Manual;
- financial  statements  containing  a  summary of the financial  information  and  affairs  of  the  Group  for  the period that are published on the SGXNet;
- disclosures to the SGX-ST; and
- the Company's corporate website at the URL https://www.kingwan.com/ from which shareholders can access information on the Group. The corporate website provides annual reports and profiles of the Group.

## F. MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP

## ENGAGEMENT WITH STAKEHOLDERS

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of  material  stakeholders,  as  part  of  its  overall  responsibility  to  ensure  that  the  best  interests  of  the company are served.

Provisions 13.1, 13.2 and 13.3 Managing stakeholder relationships

The Group's management is available to communicate with shareholders and analysts on a regular basis and attending to their queries or concerns.

Key management personnel participate in investor seminars and conferences to keep the market and investors appraised of the Group's corporate developments and financial performance.

Senior Management, regularly engaged with local and foreign investors and analysts at conferences as well as one-on-one and group meetings. The aims of such engagements are to:

- provide shareholders and investors with relevant information promptly, to enable them to have a better understanding of the Group's businesses and performance; and
- solicit feedback from the investment community, including shareholders, on a range of strategic and topical issues. Such engagements provide invaluable insights to the Board and Management on investors' views. It also helps the Group to identify areas of improvement for investor communication.

The Company has a corporate website to communicate and engage with all stakeholders.

Any queries and concerns regarding the Group can be conveyed to the following person:

Ms. Ong Ai Ling, Chief Financial Officer Email: agm.2022@kingwan.com.sg

## G. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

King Wan's Code of Business Conduct also sets the standards and ethical conduct expected of employees of the Group. Directors, officers and employees are required to observe and maintain high standards of integrity as are in compliance with the law and regulations and company policies.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## H. DEALINGS IN COMPANY'S SECURITIES

The Company has a formal policy on dealings in the securities of the Company, which sets out the implications of insider trading and guidance on such dealings. The policy has been distributed to all Directors and officers. It  has adopted best practices on securities dealings in compliance with Rule 1207 (19) of the Listing Manual. During FY2022, the Company sent out memoranda and e-mails to its Directors, officers and relevant employees to remind them that the Company, Directors, officers and relevant employees of the Group and their connected persons are prohibited from dealing in the Company's shares two (2) weeks before the announcement of the Company's half-year results and one (1) month before the announcement of the Company's full-year results and ending on the date of announcement of the relevant results.

In  addition,  the  Company  also  discourages  the  Company,  Directors,  officers  and  relevant  employees  from dealing in the Company's securities on short-term considerations.

Directors are required to notify the Company of any dealings in the Company's securities within two (2) business days of the transactions. The Board is satisfied with the Group's commitment in compliance with the Code.

## I. MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in the directors' statement and financial statements, there was no other material contracts entered into between the Company or any of its subsidiaries with any Director or controlling shareholder in FY2022.

## FINANCIALS

- 44 Directors' Statement
- 48 Independent Auditor's Report
- 54 Statements of Financial Position
- 56 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
- 57 Statements of Changes in Equity
- 59 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
- 61 Notes to the Financial Statements
- 138 Shareholdings Statistics
- 140 Notice of Annual General Meeting
- 149 Additional Information on Directors Seeking for Re-Election
- 155 Proxy Form

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

The Directors of King Wan Corporation Limited (the 'Company') present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') for the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022 and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2022.

## 1. OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the Board of Directors,

- (a) the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company together with the notes thereon are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 March 2022, and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year then ended; and
- (b) at  the  date  of  this  statement  and  as  disclosed  in  Note  38(b)(v)  to  the  financial  statements  there  are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts when they fall due.

## 2. DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Mr Chua Kim Hua Ms Chua Eng Eng Mr Chua Hai Kuey Ms Siraarpa Siriviriyakul Mr Tang Siew Foo David Dr Teo Ho Pin

## 3. ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Neither  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  nor  at  any  time  during  the  financial  year  did  there  subsist  any arrangement whose object is to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares or debentures in the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 4. DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN SHARES OR DEBENTURES

The Directors of the Company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the shares and debentures of the Company and its related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), except as follows:

| Shareholdings registered  in name of Directors  Name of Directors and Company in which interests are held  Balance as at  the beginning of  financial year  Balance as at  the end of  financial year  The Company  Ordinary shares  Chua Kim Hua  44,113,319  88,226,638  Chua Eng Eng  36,576,906  73,153,812  Chua Hai Kuey  22,247,676  44,495,352   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Act, the above Directors are deemed to have an interest in all related corporations of the Company. In accordance with the continuing listing requirement of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'), the Directors of the Company state that, according to the register of Directors' shareholding, the Directors' interests as at 21 April 2022 in the shares of the Company have not changed from those disclosed as at 31 March 2022.

## 5. SHARE OPTIONS

There were no share options granted by the Company or any corporation in the Group during the financial year.

There were no shares issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group.

There were no unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group under options as at the end of the financial year.

## 6. AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee ('AC') of the Company, consists of all non-executive and independent Directors, comprises of the following members as at the date of this statement:

Mr Tang Siew Foo David (Chairman) Ms Siraarpa Siriviriyakul Dr Teo Ho Pin

The AC had met up with the external and internal auditors during the year and other Directors were also invited to attend some of the meetings. The AC had also met with the external auditors and the internal auditors without the presence of the Management. All minutes of the meetings are circulated to all members of the Board. The company secretary is also the secretary to the AC.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 6. AUDIT COMMITTEE (Continued)

The key responsibility of the AC is to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities for the Group's financial reporting, Management of financial and control risks and monitoring of the internal control system. The AC will make enquiries in order to satisfy themselves on the adequacy of the processes supporting the Group's financial reporting, its system of internal control, risk identification and management, its internal and external audit processes, and the Group's process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations and its own code of business conduct.

The AC had reviewed, inter alia , the followings with the Executive Directors, external and internal auditors of the Company where relevant:

- the external and internal audit plans, the scope of the internal audit procedures and results of the internal auditors' examination and evaluation of the Group's internal control system;
- the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the financial statements of the Company before their submission to the Directors of the Company and the external auditors' report on those financial statements;
- the half yearly and annual announcements as well as other announcements to shareholders and the SGX-ST prior to submission to the Board;
- the re-appointment of the external and internal auditors of the Group;
- the interested person transactions as specified under Chapter 9 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Rules; and
- the co-operation and assistance given by the Management to the Group's external and internal auditors.

To  effectively  discharge  its  responsibilities,  the  AC  has  full  access  to  and  has  the  co-operation  of  the Management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly. It also has full discretion to invite any Director or executive officer to attend its meetings. The external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the AC.

The  AC  has  reviewed  the  scope  of  work  proposed  by  the  external  auditors  and  is  satisfied  with  their independence and objectivity. The AC has also undertaken a review of all non-audit services provided by the auditors and is of the opinion that they will not affect the independence of the auditors.

The AC has recommended to the Directors the nomination of BDO LLP for re-appointment as external auditor for the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## 7. INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

The independent auditor, BDO LLP, has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

Chua Kim Hua

Chua Eng Eng

Director

Director

8 July 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## OPINION

We have audited the financial statements of King Wan Corporation Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') set out on pages 54 to 137, which comprise:

- the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022;
- the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of changes in equity, and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year then ended; and
- notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group, the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 March 2022, and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and of the changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## 1 Revenue recognition from construction contracts

The Group's main revenue is construction contracts revenue from the electrical, and plumbing and sanitary segments.  The  Group  recognises  revenue  over  time,  whereby  revenue  is  recognised  by  reference  to  the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to the satisfaction of a performance obligation ('input method').

As disclosed in Note 3(g) to the financial statements, significant assumptions are used to estimate the total contract costs which affect the accuracy of revenue recognition based on the input method and adequacy of provision for onerous contracts recognised. In making the estimates, the Group relies on past experience.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## 1 Revenue recognition from construction contracts (Continued)

We focused our audit on the Group's revenue from construction contracts due to the high level of management judgements and estimates involved, particularly relating to:

- Estimating  total  contract  costs,  including  estimated  costs  to  complete  the  projects  and  provision  for onerous contracts at the end of the financial year;
- Determining  the  stage  of  completion  of  each  contract  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  including  an assessment of the appropriateness of contract costs incurred to date; and
- Variations in scope of work and its corresponding costs relating to original contract and original estimated costs as the project progresses as well as the consequential impact on total estimated cost for the project.

## Related Disclosures

Refer to Notes 2.13, 3(g), 24 and 28 of the accompanying financial statements.

## Audit Response

Our procedures included, amongst others, the following:

- Assessed the Group's internal controls over the recording of revenue and costs for construction contracts;
- Evaluated the revenue recognition of the Group in accordance with SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ;
- For  a  selection  of  completed  projects  during  the  financial  year,  we  performed  retrospective  review by  comparing  the  total  actual  cost  incurred  at  completion  against  the  budgeted  cost  to  assess  the reasonableness of Management's estimate;
- For a selection of projects in progress at the end of the financial year, we:
- -traced  the  estimated  costs  to  complete  for  sampled  projects  by  validating  committed  costs  to supporting documents; and
- -tested  the  reasonableness  of  estimated  labour  costs  and  other  overhead  expenses  for  these sampled projects.
- In relation to variation orders raised against customers, we selected samples and checked to supporting documents to validate the Management's estimate that the variable considerations will not result in highly probable significant reversal when the variation order is confirmed;
- Compared total contract revenue to actual cost incurred plus expected inputs to satisfy the performance obligations and assessed adequacy of provision for onerous contracts; and
- Considered the adequacy of the related disclosures.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## 2 Assessment of the recoverability of debts owing by the associates and a joint venture to the Group

The Group has the following debts owing by the associates and a joint venture:

- (a) An associate, Dalian Shicheng Property Development (S) Pte. Ltd. ('DSPDS') group;
- (b) Associates, Chang Li Investments Pte. Ltd., Li Ta Investments Pte. Ltd. and Soon Li Investments Pte. Ltd. ('CLLTSL');
- (c) An associate, Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Nexus');
- (d) An associate, Gold Hyacinth Development Pte. Ltd. ('GHD'); and
- (e) A joint venture, Soon Zhou Investments Pte. Ltd. ('SZI') group.

As at 31 March 2022, the gross carrying amount of the advances to DSPDS group of $30,534,000 was fully impaired by the Group.

The carrying amounts of receivables from CLLTSL, Nexus and GHD were $1,943,000 (net of loss allowance of  $2,630,000),  $9,598,000  (net  of  loss  allowance  of  $7,350,000),  and  $3,174,000  (net  of  loss  allowance  of $1,233,000) respectively as at the end of the financial year.

With respect to SZI group, the carrying amount of the receivable was $23,370,000 as at the end of the financial year.

The Management assessed that the net carrying amount of the above receivables are recoverable on the basis set out in Note 3(b) to the financial statements.

Management's assessments on the ability to recover the receivables owed by the associates and a joint venture involved significant judgements and estimation uncertainty, and are dependent on:

- (a) ability of DSPDS group, SZI group and CLLTSL to realise the estimated values of the properties and/or undeveloped land held by them based on valuation performed by an external professional valuer;
- (b) the assumption that DSPDS group will be able to pay its debts owing to SZI group; and
- (c) estimates of the cash flow from Nexus and GHD's operations, a dormitory and a vessel respectively, based on valuation performed by the external professional valuers.

We focused our audit on the recoverability of debts owing by the associates and a joint venture due to the high level of management judgements and estimates involved listed above.

## Related Disclosures

Refer to Notes 2.4, 3(b) and 7 of the accompanying financial statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## 2 Assessment of the recoverability of debts owing by the associates and a joint venture to the Group (Continued)

## Audit Response

Our procedures included, amongst others, the following:

- Evaluated the expected credit loss taking into consideration historical and forward-looking information;
- In respect of the valuation of the properties, dormitory and vessel performed by the external professional valuer, we performed the following:
- i) Evaluated the qualifications, independence and objectivity of the valuers and considered the scope of their work;
- ii) Engaged our internal valuation specialists to review and assess the appropriateness of the valuation methodology, key assumptions and parameters used which affect the fair value estimates; and
- iii) Assessed the estimated cash flows and reasonableness of the other key assumptions used.
- Evaluated the significant assumptions applied by Management in assessing the ability of these associates and joint venture to repay its debts; and
- Considered the adequacy of the related disclosures.

## OTHER INFORMATION

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND DIRECTORS FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient  to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from  unauthorised  use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless Management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- (a) Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- (b) Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- (c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by Management.
- (d) Conclude on the appropriateness of Management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- (e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and  whether  the  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that achieves fair presentation.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Members of King Wan Corporation Limited

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

- (f) Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

In  our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary  corporations  incorporated  in  Singapore  of  which  we  are  the  auditors  have  been  properly  kept  in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Poh Chin Beng.

BDO LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 8 July 2022

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  ASSETS  Current assets  Cash and bank balances  5  17,649  11,130  4,516  120  Trade receivables  6  7,795  10,359  -  -  Other receivables and prepayments  7  6,458  6,661  12  15  Amount due from subsidiaries  8  -  -  5,428  5,244  Held-for-trading investments  9  162  157  -  -  Inventories  10  1,392  1,203  -  -  Contract assets  11  23,226  22,746  -  -  Total current assets  56,682  52,256  9,956  5,379  Non-current assets  Other receivables  7  38,085  38,021  -  -  Property, plant and equipment  12  1,987  2,017  -  -  Right-of-use assets  13  2,324  2,334  -  -  Investment in subsidiaries  14  -  -  31,706  31,699  Investment in associates and joint  venture  15  4,115  3,953  942  942  Investments  16  21,611  19,167  16,602  14,710  Deferred tax assets  17  359  500  -  -  Total non-current assets  68,481  65,992  49,250  47,351  Total assets  125,163  118,248  59,206  52,730   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 March 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Current liabilities  Bank borrowings  18  8,433  10,867  -  -  Trade payables and bills payables  19  36,965  36,036  -  -  Other payables  20  1,691  1,695  543  667  Contract liabilities  21  2,059  1,728  -  -  Lease liabilities  22  457  522  -  -  Amount due to a subsidiary  23  -  -  17,330  18,635  Provision for liabilities  24  2,228  2,321  -  -  Income tax payable  446  934  -  2  Total current liabilities  52,279  54,103  17,873  19,304  Non-current liabilities  Bank borrowings  18  2,758  3,958  -  -  Lease liabilities  22  1,018  1,084  -  -  Total non-current liabilities  3,776  5,042  -  -  Total liabilities  56,055  59,145  17,873  19,304  Capital and reserves  Share capital  25  53,797  46,814  53,797  46,814  Retained earnings  37,862  37,257  4,968  5,936  Foreign currency translation reserve  26  (90)  (90)  -  -  Investment revaluation reserve  27  (22,442)  (24,878)  (17,432)  (19,324)  Equity attributable to owners of the  parent  69,127  59,103  41,333  33,426  Non-controlling interests  (19)  -  -  -  Total equity  69,108  59,103  41,333  33,426  Total liabilities and equity  125,163  118,248  59,206  52,730   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  28  77,192  45,906  Cost of sales  (69,468)  (42,891)  Gross profit  7,724  3,015  Other operating income  29  1,313  1,872  Administrative expenses  (5,496)  (4,630)  Other operating expenses  30  -  (119)  Share of profit of associates and joint venture  179  161  Loss allowance on trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets  33  (2,507)  (761)  Finance costs  31  (665)  (942)  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  548  (1,404)  Income tax credit/(expense)  32  35  (85)  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  33  583  (1,489)  Other comprehensive income  Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Net fair value gain in equity securities carried at fair value through other  comprehensive income ('FVTOCI')  2,436  5,023  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  -  (176)  Other comprehensive income for the financial year  2,436  4,847  Total comprehensive income for the financial year  3,019  3,358  Profit/(Loss) of the financial year attributable to:  Owners of the parent  605  (1,489)  Non-controlling interest  (22)  -  583  (1,489)  Total comprehensive income attributable to:  Owners of the parent  3,041  3,358  Non-controlling interest  (22)  -  3,019  3,358  Earnings/(Losses) per share (cents)  Basic and diluted  34  0.10  (0.27)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Retained  earnings  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Investment  revaluation  reserve  Equity  attributable  to owners of  the parent  Non  controlling  interests  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Balance as at 1 April 2021  46,814  37,257  (90)  (24,878)  59,103  -  59,103  Total comprehensive income  for the financial year:  Profit for the financial  year  -  605  -  -  605  (22)  583  Other comprehensive  income for the financial  year  -  -  -  2,436  2,436  -  2,436  Total  -  605  -  2,436  3,041  (22)  3,019  Total transactions recognised  directly in equity:  Increase in share capital  6,983  -  -  -  6,983  -  6,983  Transaction with  non-controlling  interests arising from  incorporation of a  subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  3  3  Total  6,983  -  -  -  6,983  3  6,986  Balance as at 31 March  2022  53,797  37,862  (90)  (22,442)  69,127  (19)  69,108  Balance as at 1 April 2020  46,814  38,746  86  (29,901)  55,745  -  55,745  Total comprehensive income  for the financial year:  Loss for the financial year  -  (1,489)  -  -  (1,489)  -  (1,489)  Other comprehensive  income for the financial  year  -  -  (176)  5,023  4,847  -  4,847  Total  -  (1,489)  (176)  5,023  3,358  -  3,358  Balance as at 31 March  2021  46,814  37,257  (90)  (24,878)  59,103  -  59,103   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

| Share  capital  Retained  earnings  Investment  revaluation  reserve  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  Balance as at 1 April 2021  46,814  5,936  (19,324)  33,426  Total comprehensive income for the financial  year:  Loss for the financial year  -  (968)  -  (968)  Other comprehensive income for the  financial year  -  -  1,892  1,892  Total  -  (968)  1,892  924  Total transactions recognised directly in  equity:  Increase in share capital  6,983  -  -  6,983  Balance as at 31 March 2022  53,797  4,968  (17,432)  41,333  Balance as at 1 April 2020  46,814  7,421  (23,227)  31,008  Total comprehensive income for the financial  year:  Loss for the financial year  -  (1,485)  -  (1,485)  Other comprehensive income for the  financial year  -  -  3,903  3,903  Total  -  (1,485)  3,903  2,418  Balance as at 31 March 2021  46,814  5,936  (19,324)  33,426   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Operating activities  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  548  (1,404)  Adjustments for:  (Reversal)/Allowance for inventory obsolescence  (56)  33  Bad trade debt written off on trade receivables  13  6  Change in fair value of held-for-trading investments  (5)  46  Change in fair value of insurance contract  (8)  5  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  592  551  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  496  476  Dividend income from held-for-trading investments  (*)  (*)  Dividend income from investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI  (472)  -  Fee income from financial guarantee to associates and joint venture  (97)  (116)  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (80)  (155)  Inventories written off  -  8  Interest income  (729)  (920)  Interest expense  665  942  Loss allowance for trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets  2,507  761  Share of profit of associates and joint venture  (179)  (161)  Provision for liabilities  13  1,044  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  3,208  1,116  Trade receivables  1,249  (5,337)  Other receivables and prepayments  197  184  Contract assets  (841)  2,641  Contract liabilities  331  1,570  Inventories  (133)  (293)  Trade payables and bills payables  929  715  Other payables  93  (59)  Provision for liabilities  (106)  (276)  Cash generated from operations  4,927  261  Income taxes paid  (312)  (421)  Interest paid  (665)  (942)  Net cash from/(used in) operating activities  3,950  (1,102)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Investing activities  Interest received  8  9  Advances to associates and joint venture  (163)  (1,305)  Repayments from joint venture  -  6,050  Dividends received from held-for-trading investments  *  *  Dividends received from investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI  472  -  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (601)  (532)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  119  211  Additions to right-of-use assets (Note A)  (65)  -  Net cash (used in)/from investing activities  (230)  4,433  Financing activities  Repayments of lease liabilities  (552)  (511)  Proceeds from bank borrowings  -  5,000  Proceeds from issuance of shares  6,983  -  Proceeds from issuance of shares in a subsidiary to non-controlling interest  3  -  Repayments of bank borrowings  (3,634)  (3,625)  Net cash from financing activities  2,800  864  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  6,520  4,195  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year  11,130  6,934  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on balances held in foreign currencies  (1)  1  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial year (Note 5)  17,649  11,130   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Amount less than $1,000.

## Note A:

During the current financial year, the Group acquired right-of-use assets with an aggregate cost of $486,000 of which $421,000 was financed by hire-purchase agreements (Note 13).

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

These notes form an integral part of an should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements.

## 1. GENERAL

The  Company  (Registration  No.  200001034R)  is  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Singapore with its registered office and principal place of business at No. 8 Sungei Kadut Loop, Singapore 729455. The Company is listed on the mainboard of Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited.

The  principal  activity  of  the  Company  is  that  of  investment  holding.  The  subsidiaries,  associates  and  joint venture in the Group are principally engaged in activities as disclosed in Notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements respectively.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 2.1 Basis of accounting

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  historical  cost  basis  except  as disclosed in the accounting policies below, and are drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 in Singapore and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s').

The individual financial statements of each entity within the Group are measured and presented in the currency of primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). The consolidated financial statements of the Group, the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are presented in Singapore dollar ('$') which is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements and all values presented are rounded to the nearest thousand ('$'000') as indicated.

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  compliance  with  SFRS(I)s  requires  Management  to  make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the Group's application of accounting policies and reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  revenue  and  expenses.  Although  these  estimates  are  based on Management's best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may differ from those estimates.  The  areas  where  such  judgements  or  estimates  have  significant  effect  on  the  financial statements are disclosed in Note 3 to the financial statements.

## Changes in accounting policies

New standards, amendments and interpretations effective from 1 April 2021

The standards, amendments to standards, and interpretations, issued by Accounting Standards Council Singapore ('ASC') that will apply for the first time by the Group are not expected to impact the Group as they are either not relevant to the Group's business activities or require accounting which is consistent with the Group's current accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis of accounting (Continued)

Changes in accounting policies (Continued)

New standards, amendments and interpretations issued but not yet effective

The following standards and amendments to standards have been issued by the ASC that are effective in future accounting periods and the Group has not decided to early adopt:

| Effective date  (annual periods  beginning on or  after)  SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28  (Amendments)  : Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor  and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I) 17  : Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023 1  SFRS(I) 1-1 (Amendments)  : Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-  current  1 January 2023 2  SFRS(I) 1-8 (Amendments)  : Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-16 (Amendments)  : Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before  Intended Use  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-37 (Amendments)  : Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent  Assets (Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a  Contract)  1 January 2022  Various  : Amendments to SFRS(I) 17  1 January 2023  Various  : Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice  Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12, SFRS(I) 1  (Amendments)  : Deferred tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising  from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 17 (Amendments)  : Initial Application of SFRS(I) 17 and SFRS(I) 9 -  Comparative Information  To be determined   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 The mandatory effective date of this Standard had been revised from 1 January 2021 to 1 January 2023 by the ASC in November 2020 via Amendments to SFRS(I) 17.

2 The mandatory effective date of this Amendment had been revised from 1 January 2022 to 1 January 2023 by the ASC in July 2020 via Amendment to SFRS(I) 1-1: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-currentDeferral of Effective Date.

Management anticipates that the adoption of the above SFRS(I)s and amendments to SFRS(I)s in future periods will not have a material impact on the financial statements in the period of their initial adoption.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of  the  investee  unilaterally.  The  Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Company's voting rights in an investee are sufficient to give it power, including:

- The size of the Company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;
- Potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties;
- Rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Company gains control until the date when the Company ceases to control the subsidiary.

All intra-group balances and transactions and any unrealised income and expenses arising from intragroup transactions are eliminated on consolidation. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides an impairment indicator of the transferred asset.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as that of the Company, using consistent accounting policies. Where necessary, accounting policies of subsidiaries are changed to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

## Non-controlling interests

Non-controlling  interests  represents  the  equity  in  subsidiaries  which  is  not  attributable  directly  or indirectly to the equity owners of the parent. They are shown separately in the consolidated statement of  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and  consolidated  statement of financial position. Total comprehensive income is attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

## Changes in the Group's ownership interests in existing subsidiaries

Changes in the Group's ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over  the  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  as  equity  transactions.  The  carrying  amounts  of  the  Group's interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary,  a  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill),  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  and  any  non-controlling  interests.  All  amounts  previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  (i.e.  reclassified  to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable SFRS(I) s). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under SFRS(I) 9 or the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

In the Company's separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture are carried at cost less any impairment in net recoverable value that has been recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.3 Business combinations

Acquisitions  of  subsidiaries  and  businesses  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  The consideration for each acquisition is measured at the aggregate of the acquisition date fair values of assets given, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree, and equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Where  applicable,  the  consideration  for  the  acquisition  includes  any  asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a contingent consideration arrangement, measured at its acquisition-date fair value. Subsequent changes in such fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition where they qualify as measurement period adjustments  (see  below).  The  subsequent  accounting  for  changes  in  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments depends on how the contingent consideration  is  classified.  Contingent  consideration  that  is  classified  as  equity  is  not  remeasured  at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured at subsequent reporting dates at fair value, with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

Where  a  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  Group's  previously  held  interests  in  the acquired entity are remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date the Group attains control)  and  the  resulting  gain  or  loss,  if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Amounts  arising  from interests in the acquiree prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed of.

The  acquiree's  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the  conditions  for recognition under the SFRS(I) are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

- Deferred tax assets or liabilities and liabilities or assets related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12 Income Taxes and SFRS(I) 1-19 Employee Benefits respectively;
- Liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment transactions of the acquiree or the replacement of an acquiree's share-based payment awards transactions with share-based payment awards transactions of the acquirer in accordance with the method in SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date; and
- Assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that Standard.

## 2.4 Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised on the Group's consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  that  are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Financial assets

All financial assets are recognised and de-recognised on a trade date basis where the purchase or sale of financial assets is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the assets within the timeframe established by the market concerned.

All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification of the financial assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Classification of financial assets

Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI'):

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and
- the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

By  default,  all  other  financial  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss ('FVTPL').

Despite  the  aforegoing,  the  Group  may  make  the  following  irrevocable  election/designation  at  initial recognition of a financial asset:

- the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in  other  comprehensive  income  if  certain  criteria  are  met  (see  below  on  equity  instruments designated as at FVTOCI); and
- the Group may irrevocably designate a debt investment that meets the amortised cost or FVTOCI criteria as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch (see below on financial assets at FVTPL).

## Amortised cost and effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period.

For  financial  instruments  other  than  purchased  or  originated  credit-impaired  financial  assets,  the effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) excluding expected credit losses, through the expected life of the debt instrument, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the gross carrying amount of the debt instrument on  initial  recognition.  For  purchased  or  originated  credit-impaired  financial  assets,  a  credit-adjusted effective interest rate is calculated by discounting the estimated future cash flows, including expected credit losses, to the amortised cost of the debt instrument on initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Amortised cost and effective interest method (Continued)

The amortised cost of a financial asset is the amount at which the financial asset is measured at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount, adjusted for any loss allowance. On the other hand, the gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any loss allowance.

Interest  income  is  recognised  using  the  effective  interest  method  for  debt  instruments  measured subsequently  at  amortised  cost  and  at  FVTOCI.  For  financial  instruments  other  than  purchased  or originated credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If,  in  subsequent reporting periods, the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset.

For purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, the Group recognises interest income by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from initial recognition. The calculation does not revert to the gross basis even if the credit risk of the financial asset subsequently improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired.

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss and is included in the 'other operating income' line item.

## Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

On initial recognition, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on an instrument-by-instrument basis) to  designate investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI. Designation at FVTOCI is not permitted if the equity investment is held for trading or if it is contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which SFRS(I) 3 applies.

## A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
- on  initial  recognition  it  is  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments  that  the  Group manages together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI (Continued)

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve. The cumulative  gain  or  loss  will  not  be  reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the  equity  investments, instead, they will be transferred to retained earnings.

The Group has designated all investments in quoted equity instruments that are not held for trading as at FVTOCI on initial application of SFRS(I) 9 (see Note 16).

Dividends on these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the 'revenue' line item (Note 28) in profit or loss.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

Financial  assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  being  measured  at  amortised  cost  or  FVTOCI  are measured at FVTPL. Specifically:

- Investments in equity instruments are classified as at FVTPL, unless the Group designates an equity investment that is neither held for trading nor a contingent consideration arising from a business combination as at FVTOCI on initial recognition.
- Debt instruments that do not meet the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria are classified as at FVTPL. In addition, debt instruments that meet either the amortised cost criteria or the FVTOCI criteria may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases. The Group has not designated any debt instruments as at FVTPL.

Financial  assets  at  FVTPL  are  measured  at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  financial  year,  with  any  fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss to the extent they are not part of a designated hedging relationship. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset. Fair value is determined in the manner described in Note 38(b)(vi).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Foreign exchange gains and losses

The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each financial year. Specifically,

- for  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost  that  are  not  part  of  a  designated  hedging relationship, exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss in the 'other operating income' (Note 29) or 'other operating expenses' (Note 30) line items; and
- for  equity  instruments  measured  at  FVTOCI,  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive income in the investment revaluation reserve (Note 27).

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  recognises  a  loss  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  on  investments  in  debt instruments that are measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, contract assets, as well as financial guarantee  contracts.  No  impairment  loss  is  recognised  for  investments  in  equity  instruments.  The amount of expected credit losses is updated at the end of each financial year to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective financial instrument.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The expected credit losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the end of the financial year, including time value of money where appropriate.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  If,  on  the  other  hand,  the  credit  risk  on  the  financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition instead of on evidence of a financial asset being credit-impaired at the end of the financial year or an actual default occurring.

Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that  is  expected  to  result  from  default  events  on  a  financial  instrument  that  are  possible  within 12 months after the end of the financial year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  has  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the end of the financial year with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is  available  without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the industries in which the Group's debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial  analysts,  governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group's core operations, namely investment holding, provision of mechanical and electrical engineering services and rental of mobile lavatories.

In  particular,  the  following  information  is  taken  into  account  when  assessing  whether  credit  risk  has increased significantly since initial recognition:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant  deterioration  in  external  market  indicators  of  credit  risk  for  a  particular  financial instrument, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor, or the length of time or the extent to which the fair value of a financial asset has been less than its amortised cost;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtors' ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor; and
- an  actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  change  in  the  regulatory,  economic,  or  technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective  of  the  outcome  of  the  above  assessment,  the  Group  presumes  that  the  credit  risk  on  a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 60 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) the financial instrument has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria is capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

## Definition of default

The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are generally not recoverable:

- when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or
- information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 2 years past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criteria is more appropriate.

## Credit-impaired financial assets

A  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  when  one  or  more  events  that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is creditimpaired includes observable data about the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower; or
- a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event (see above for 'Definition of default'); or
- the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or
- it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.

## Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses

The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability  of  default  and  loss  given  default  is  based  on  historical  data  adjusted  by  forward-looking information as described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets' gross carrying amount at the end of the financial year.

For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.

Where lifetime ECL is measured on a collective basis to cater for cases where evidence of significant increases in credit risk at the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:

- Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group's trade receivables and other receivables are each assessed as a separate group. Loans to related parties are assessed for expected credit losses on an individual basis);
- Past-due status;
- Nature, size and industry of debtors;
- Nature of collaterals for other receivables; and
- External credit ratings where available.

The grouping is regularly reviewed by Management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics. If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the end of the financial year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Measurement and recognition of expected credit losses (Continued)

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a corresponding  adjustment  to  their  carrying  amount  through  a  loss  allowance  account,  except  for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statements of financial position.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  measured  at  amortised  cost,  the  difference  between  the  asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve is reclassified to profit or loss. In contrast, on derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investment revaluation reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs. The Group classifies ordinary shares as equity instruments.

## Borrowings

Interest-bearing bank loans, overdrafts and lease liabilities are initially measured at fair value, and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the settlement or redemption of borrowings is recognised in profit or loss over the term of the borrowings.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.4 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities

Financial liabilities that are not 1) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination, 2) held-for-trading, or 3) designated as at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts)  through the expected life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost of a financial liability.

## Financial guarantee contracts

A  financial  guarantee  contract  is  a  contract  that  requires  the  issuer  to  make  specified  payments  to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantee contracts issued by a group entity are initially measured at their fair values and, if not designated as at FVTPL and do not arise from a transfer of a financial asset, are subsequently measured at the higher of:

- the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with SFRS(I) 9; and
- the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the revenue recognition policies.

## Foreign exchange gains and losses

For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at  the  end  of  each  financial  year,  the  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  are  determined  based  on  the amortised cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the 'other operating income' (Note 29) or 'other operating expenses' (Note 30) line items in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.5 Leases

## The Group as lessee

All leases are accounted for by recognising a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.

The payments for leases of low value assets and short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Initial measurement

Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the contractual payments due to the lessor over the lease term, with the discount rate determined by reference to the rate inherent in the lease unless this is not readily determinable, in which case the Group's incremental borrowing rate on commencement of the lease is used.

Variable lease payments are only included in the measurement of the lease liability if it is depending on an index or rate. In such cases, the initial measurement of the lease liability assumes the variable element will remain unchanged throughout the lease term. Other variable lease payments are expensed in the period to which they relate.

Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the amount of lease liabilities.

The Group presents the right-of-use and lease liabilities separately from other assets and other liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Subsequent measurement

Right-of-use  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  depreciation,  any accumulated impairment loss and, if applicable, adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liabilities. The right-of-use assets under cost model are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of either the remaining lease term or the remaining useful life of the right-of-use assets. If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset by the end of the lease term or if the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise the purchase option, the right-of-use assets are depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset.

The bases of depreciation of the right-of-use assets are as follows:

Leasehold property -

over the remaining term of the lease which is 17%

Motor vehicles -

10%

The  carrying  amount  of  right-of-use  assets  are  reviewed  for  impairment  when  events  or  changes  in circumstances indicate that the right-of-use asset may be impaired. The accounting policy on impairment is as described in Note 2.9 to the financial statements.

Subsequent to initial measurement, lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect interest charged at a constant periodic rate over the remaining lease liabilities, lease payment made and if applicable, account for any remeasurement due to reassessment or lease modifications.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.5 Leases (Continued)

## The Group as lessee (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement (Continued)

After the commencement date, interest on the lease liabilities and variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liabilities are recognised in profit or loss, unless the costs are eligible for capitalisation in accordance with other applicable standards.

When the Group revises its estimate of any lease term (i.e. probability of extension or termination option being exercised), it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease liability to reflect the payments over the revised term. The carrying amount of lease liabilities is similarly revised when the variable element of the future lease payment dependent on a rate or index is revised. In both cases, an equivalent adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets is reduced to zero and there is a further reduction in the measurement of lease liabilities, the remaining amount of the remeasurement is recognised directly in profit or loss.

When the Group renegotiates the contractual terms of a lease with the lessor, the accounting treatment depends on the nature of the modification:

- If the renegotiation results in one or more additional asses being leased for an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the additional right-of-use obtained, the modification is accounted for as a separate lease in accordance with the above policy;
- In all other cases where the renegotiation increases the scope of the lease (i.e. extension to the lease term, or one or more additional assets being leased), the lease liability is remeasured using the discount rate applicable on the modification date, with the right-of-use asset being adjusted by the same amount;
- If  the  renegotiation results in a decrease in scope of the lease, both the carrying amount of the lease liability and right-of-use asset are reduced by the same proportion to reflect the partial or full termination of the lease with any difference being recognised in profit or loss. The lease liability is  then  further  adjusted  to  ensure  its  carrying  amount  reflects  the  amount  of  the  renegotiated payments over the renegotiated term, with the modified lease payments discounted at the rate applicable on the modification date. The right-of-use asset is adjusted by the same amount.

## The Group as lessor

When the Group is a lessor, it determines whether each lease entered is a finance or an operating lease at the lease inception date and reassessed only if there is a lease modification. A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Whereas, it is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset.

If  the  lease  arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group applies the principles within SFRS(I) 15 to allocate consideration in the lease arrangement.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.5 Leases (Continued)

## The Group as lessor (Continued)

The Group recognises lease payments under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease term unless another systematic basis is more representative of the pattern in which benefit from the use of the underlying asset is diminished. The lease payment recognised is included as part of 'other operating income' (Note 29) line item. Initial direct cost incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.

Any modification to an operating lease is accounted for as a new lease from the effective date of the modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new lease.

## 2.6 Inventories

Inventories comprising raw materials and consumables are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes all cost of purchases and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is calculated using first-in, first-out method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs to completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  accumulated impairment losses. The cost includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by Management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent expenditure on an item of property, plant and equipment is added to the carrying amount of the item if it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

Property,  plant  and  equipment  under  construction  in  progress  includes  professional  fees  and,  for qualifying  assets,  borrowings  costs  capitalised  in  accordance  with  the  Group's  accounting  policy. Depreciation commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

Depreciation is charged so as to write off the depreciable amounts of the assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:

Buildings and properties -

over the term of the lease which is 3% to 17%

Plant and machinery -

5% to 20%

Office equipment -

10% to 33¹⁄ 3 %

Motor vehicles -

10% to 20%

Portable toilets -

20%

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.7 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each financial year, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.

The  gain  or  loss  arising  on  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amounts of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.8 Associates and joint venture

An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of  control  of  an  arrangement,  which  exists  only  when  decisions  about  the  relevant  activities  require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

The results and assets and liabilities of associates or joint venture are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting, except when the investment, or a portion thereof, is classified as held for sale, in which case it is accounted for in accordance with SFRS(I) 5. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group's share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate or joint venture. When the Group's share of losses of an associate or a joint venture exceeds the Group's interest in that associate or joint venture (which  includes  any  long-term  interests  that,  in  substance,  form  part  of  the  Group's  net  investment  in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

The  requirements  of  SFRS(I)  1-36  are  applied  to  determine  whether  it  is  necessary  to  recognise  any impairment loss with respect to the Group's investment in an associate or a joint venture. When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell) with its carrying amount, any impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.8 Associates and joint venture (Continued)

The Group discontinues the use of the equity method from the date when the investment ceases to be an associate or a joint venture, or when the investment is classified as held for sale. When the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained interest is a financial asset, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition in accordance with SFRS(I) 9. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture at the date the equity method was discontinued, and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of a part interest in the associate or joint venture is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) when the equity method is discontinued.

The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership interests.

When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

When a Group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group's consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets

At the end of each financial year, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,  the  Group  estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  to  which  the  asset belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)

If  the  recoverable amount of an asset (or cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit)  is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased  carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in the profit or loss.

## 2.10  Cash and bank balances

Cash and bank balances in the consolidated statement of  financial  position  comprise  cash  on  hand, demand deposits and other short-term highly liquid investments which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.11  Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best  estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle the present obligation at the end of the financial year, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

## Accrual for profit sharing

The Group recognises a liability and an expense for profit sharing if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## Onerous contracts

Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognised and measured as a provision. An onerous contract is considered to exist where the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from it.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.11  Provisions (Continued)

## Provision for rectification costs

The Group recognises a liability and an expense for rectification costs upon completion of the construction work and the obligation is made based on Management's best estimates of the expected costs which are to be incurred pending the finalisation of the final account between the Group and its respective subcontractors based on past experience and assessment of the projects.

## 2.12  Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and the grants will be received.

Government grants related to asset are deducted against the carrying amount of the asset. Government grants are recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them with the costs for which they  are  intended  to  compensate,  on  a  systematic  basis.  Government  grants  that  are  receivable  as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.

## 2.13  Revenue recognition

Revenue  is  recognised  when  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied.  Revenue  is  measured  based  on consideration of which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised good or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties (i.e. sales related taxes). The Group provides construction services to customers through fixed-price contracts. Contract revenue is recognised when the Group's performance creates or enhance an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.

## Construction contracts

## i) Plumbing and sanitary

The Group is involved in the provision of plumbing and sanitary services which includes the design and  installation  of  water  distribution  systems  and  pipe  network  for  sewage  and  waste  water drainage.

- ii) Electrical

The Group is involved in the provision of electrical engineering services which include the design and installation of electricity distribution systems, fire protection, alarm systems, communications and security systems as well as air-conditioning and mechanical ventilation systems.

For these contracts, revenue is recognised over time, whereby revenue is recognised by reference to the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs ('input method'). The  estimated  total  contract  costs  comprised  subcontractor  costs,  labour  costs  and  other  overhead expenses. Costs incurred that are not related to the contract or that do not contribute towards satisfying a  performance  obligation  are  excluded  from  the  measure  of  progress  and  instead  are  expensed  as incurred.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.13  Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Construction contracts (Continued)

In some circumstances such as in the early stages of a contract where the Group may not be able to reasonably measure its progress but expects to recover the contract costs incurred, contract revenue is recognised only to the extent of the contract costs incurred until such time when the Group can reasonably measure its progress, where necessary.

Contract modifications that do not add distinct goods or services are accounted for as a continuation of the original contract and the change is recognised as a cumulative adjustment to revenue at the date of modification.

Estimates of revenue, costs or extent of progress toward completion are revised if there is a change in the scope of work. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known by Management.

The period between the transfer of the promised services and customer payment may exceed one year. For  such  contracts,  there  is  no  significant  financing  component  present  as  the  payment  terms  is  an industry practice to protect the customers from the performing entity's failure to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under the contract. As a consequence, the Group does not adjust any of the transaction prices for the time value of money.

The customer is invoiced on a milestone payment schedule. A contract asset is recognised when the Group has performed under the contract but has not yet billed the customer. Conversely, a contract liability  is  recognised  when  the  Group  has  not  yet  performed  under  the  contract  but  has  received advanced payments from the customer. Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights to  consideration  become  unconditional.  Contract  liabilities  are  recognised  as  revenue  as  the  Group performs under the contract.

When it  is  probable  that  total  contract  costs  will  exceed  total  contract  revenue,  the  expected  loss  is recognised as an expense immediately.

## Rendering of services - toilet rental

The Group is involved in rental and operating of mobile lavatories and other facilities. Revenue from the toilet rental is recognised over the term of the relevant rental period.

## Dividend income

Dividend income from investments is recognised when the shareholders' rights to receive payment have been established.

## Lease income

The Group's policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described above (see Note 2.5).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.13  Revenue recognition (Continued)

Management fee income

Management fee income is recognised in profit or loss as and when the services are rendered.

## 2.14  Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.15  Retirement benefit costs

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense when employees have  rendered  the  services  entitling  them  to  the  contributions.  Payments  made  to  state-managed retirement benefit schemes, such as the Singapore Central Provident Fund, are dealt with as payments to defined contribution plans where the Group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan.

## 2.16  Income tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are not taxable or tax deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted in countries where the Company and subsidiaries operate by the end of the financial year.

Deferred tax is recognised on the differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  on  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries,  associates  and  interests  in  joint  venture,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in  the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.16  Income tax (Continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each financial year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised based on the tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the financial year. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the financial year, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the tax is also recognised outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively) or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill  or  determining  the  excess  of  the  acquirer's  interest  in  the  net  fair  value  of  the  acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over cost.

## Sales tax

Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

- when the sales taxation that is incurred on purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authorities, in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

The net amount of sales tax recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the statements of financial position.

## 2.17  Foreign currency transactions and translation

In preparing the financial statements of the individual entities, transactions in currencies other than the  entity's  functional  currency  are  recorded  at  the  rate  of  exchange  prevailing  on  the  date  of  the transaction. At the end of each financial year, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the end of the financial year. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.17  Foreign currency transactions and translation (Continued)

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on retranslation of monetary items are included in profit or loss for the period. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items carried at fair value are included in profit or loss for the period except for differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised in other comprehensive income. For such non-monetary items, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income.

For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign  operations  (including  comparatives)  are  expressed  in  Singapore  dollars  using  exchange  rates prevailing  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year.  Income  and  expense  items  (including  comparatives)  are translated  at  the  average  exchange  rates  for  the  period,  unless  exchange  rates  fluctuated  significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity under the header of 'foreign currency translation reserve'.

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign operation), all of the accumulated exchange differences in respect of that operation in the Group's foreign currency translation reserve, are reclassified to profit or loss.

On consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net  investment  in  foreign entities (including monetary items that, in substance, form part of the net investment in foreign entities), are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income and accumulated in a separate component of equity under the header of 'foreign currency translation reserve'.

## 2.18  Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingencies  are  not  recognised  on  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position,  except  for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and for which the fair value can be reliably determined.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## 2.19  Segment reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief  operating  decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the group of Executive Directors and the Chief Executive Officer who make strategic decisions.

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in Note 2 to the financial statements, Management is required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

## Critical judgements in applying the entity's accounting policies

There  are  no  critical  judgements,  apart  from  those  involving  estimations  (see  below),  that  Management  has made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the financial year, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.

## (a) Recoverability of trade receivables, contract assets and amount due from subsidiaries

## (i) Loss allowances for trade receivables and contract assets

The  Group  makes  allowances  for  expected  credit  losses  based  on  an  assessment  of  the recoverability  of  trade  receivables  and  contract  assets.  The  impairment  provisions  for  trade receivables and contract assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss  rates.  The  Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting inputs to the impairment calculation based on the Group's past history, existing market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each financial year. The identification of loss allowance requires use of judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying value of trade receivables and contract assets in the period in which such estimate has been changed.

As at the end of the financial year, the loss allowance and the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed in Notes 6 and 11 to the financial statements respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (a) Recoverability of trade receivables, contract assets and amount due from subsidiaries (Continued)

## (ii) Recoverability of amount due from subsidiaries

The  Company  assesses  annually  whether  the  advances  to  subsidiaries  have  any  indication  of impairment in accordance with the accounting policy. Management evaluates, among other factors, the market and economic environment in which the subsidiaries operate, economic performance of  these  entities  i.e.  existing  financial  performance  as  well  as  operating  profit  forecasts  and  the duration and extent to which the cost of investments in these entities and advances to subsidiaries exceed their net tangible assets values.

As at the end of the financial year, the loss allowance and the carrying amount of amount due from subsidiaries is disclosed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

## (b) Recoverability of amounts due from associates and joint venture

## (i) Dalian  Shicheng  Property  Development  (S)  Pte.  Ltd.  ('DSPDS')  group,  comprising  DSPDS  and  its subsidiary - Dalian Shicheng Property Development Co., Ltd ('DSPDC')

The Group assesses at the end of each financial year whether the advances to DSPDS group are recoverable.  The  gross  carrying  amount  of  the  advances  to  DSPDS  group  is  $30,534,000  (2021: $30,409,000) and loss allowance on the full amount has been recognised at the end of the financial year.

As at the end of the financial year, total loss allowances of $30,534,000 (2021: $30,409,000) have been made after considering the financial position of DSPDS group and the valuation of the multiphased mixed development properties in Dalian, PRC (the 'Singapore Garden') estimated by an external professional valuer. In making this assessment, the significant assumptions include the ability of DSPDS group to realise the estimated values of the properties.

## (ii) Soon Zhou Investments Pte. Ltd. ('SZI') group, comprising SZI and its subsidiaries

The  Group  assesses  at  the  end  of  each  financial  year  whether  the  advances  to  SZI  group  are recoverable.  The  carrying  amount  of  advances  to  SZI  group  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  is $23,370,000 (2021: $22,883,000), and no loss allowance was recognised in the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 (Note 7).

In  2016,  SZI  and  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  Dalian  Blue  Oasis  Properties  Co  Ltd  ('DBOP') contracted with DSPDS to purchase certain residential units, retail properties and rights of use of semi-basement and carparks in DSPDC's Singapore Garden for amounts totalling RMB201 million (equivalent to $42 million).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (b) Recoverability of amounts due from associates and joint venture (Continued)

## (ii) Soon Zhou Investments Pte. Ltd. ('SZI') group, comprising SZI and its subsidiaries (Continued)

In  August  2018,  DBOP issued a notification letter  to  DSPDC  on  its  intent  to  cancel  the  sale  and purchase agreements ('SPAs') for the sale of residential units from DSPDC to DBOP due to nondelivery of the fully paid purchased residential units within the contracted period under the SPAs by DSPDC. In September 2018, a cancellation agreement was entered into between both parties whereby DSPDC had to refund RMB148 million (equivalent to $30 million) to DBOP. As at 31 March 2022, DBOP has receivables amounting to RMB50 million (equivalent to $10.7 million) (2021: RMB49 million (equivalent to $10.0 million)) from DSPDC relating to the refund. Management assessed that these receivables are recoverable.

Management has assessed that there  are  tax  liabilities  associated  with  the  sales  and  purchase transactions and has assessed the tax obligation based on a probability-weighted approach and determined the potential tax obligation to be approximately $3.4 million (2021: $3.0 million) for DSPDC and $0.4 million (2021: $0.3 million) for DBOP. These potential tax obligations have been recognised by the associate and joint venture at the end of the financial year. Due to the uncertainty associated with such tax items, it is probable that on conclusion of such tax matters at a future date, the final outcome may differ significantly and may have an impact on the recoverability of advances from SZI.

After considering the financial position of SZI group, the ability to recover the above receivable, the valuation of the previously acquired development properties from DSPDC in Singapore Garden, estimated by an external professional valuer, and the potential tax impact, Management expects the advances to SZI group to be recoverable. In making this assessment, significant assumptions include the ability of SZI group to realise the estimated values of the properties as well as its receivables.

## (iii) Chang Li Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Chang Li'), Li Ta Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Li Ta') and Soon Li Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Soon Li')

The Group assesses at the end of each financial year whether the advances to these associates are recoverable. The carrying amount of advances to these associates at the end of the financial year is $1,943,000 (2021: $2,616,000) (net of loss allowance of $2,630,000 (2021: $1,917,000)) (Note 7).

After  considering  the  financial  position  of  these  associates  and  the  valuation  of  the  previously acquired  investment  properties  from  DSPDC  in  Singapore  Garden,  estimated  by  reference  to an  external  professional  valuer,  Management  expects  the  advances  to  these  associates  to  be recoverable up to net carrying amount as at end of the financial year. In making this assessment, significant assumptions include the ability of these associates to realise the estimated values of the investment properties.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (b) Recoverability of amounts due from associates and joint venture (Continued)

## (iv) Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Nexus')

The advances to Nexus are to support the dormitory operations. The Group assesses at the end of  each  financial  year  whether  the  advances  to  Nexus  are  recoverable.  The  carrying  amount  of advances to Nexus at the end of the financial year is $9,598,000 (2021: $9,429,000) (net of loss allowance of $7,350,000 (2021: $7,350,000)) (Note 7).

The Group's ability to recover advances to Nexus is dependent on estimates of the cash flow from the associate's operations based on valuation performed by an external professional valuer. The critical judgements and estimations involved in evaluating the market value include the occupancy rate, the rental rate and market prices of comparable properties.

As at the end of the financial year, total loss allowances of $7,350,000 (2021: $7,350,000) have been made based on the market conditions reflecting the recoverability of the net assets in Nexus and the associate's cash flows from operation.

## (v) Gold Hyacinth Development Pte. Ltd. ('GHD')

The advances to GHD are to support its vessel charter operations. The Group assesses at the end of each financial year whether the advances to GHD are recoverable. The carrying amount of advances to  GHD at the end of the financial year is $3,174,000 (2021: $3,093,000) (net of loss allowance of $1,233,000 (2021: $1,225,000)) (Note 7).

The Group's ability to recover the advances owed by GHD is dependent on estimates of the cash flow  from  the  associate's  operations  based  on  valuation  performed  by  an  external  professional valuer. The critical judgements and estimations involved includes the market charter rates and the market prices of similar vessels.

As at the end of the financial year, total loss allowances of $1,233,000 (2021: $1,225,000) have been made based on the market conditions reflecting the recoverability of the net assets in GHD and the associate's cash flows from operation.

## (vi) Meadows Bright Development Pte Ltd ('MBD')

The Group assesses at the end of each financial year whether the advances to MBD are recoverable. The  carrying  amount  of  advances  to  MBD  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  is  $6,117,000  (2021: $6,117,000 ), and no loss allowance was recognised in the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and 31 March 2021 (Note 7).

In assessing the recoverability of the advances to MBD, the Group evaluates, among other factors, the market and economic environment in which MBD operates as well as economic performance of MBD i.e. existing financial position and the recoverability of the net assets in MBD.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (c) Assessment of corporate guarantee given in connection with bank loan of DSPDS (entity described in Note 3 (b)(i) above)

The Company together with another shareholder (the 'Joint Guarantor') of the associate, DSPDS group, provided joint and several corporate guarantees to a bank for credit facilities utilised by DSPDS group for development of the Singapore Garden (the 'Development'). As at 31 March 2022, the outstanding bank loan of DSPDS which is covered by joint and several corporate guarantees from the Company and a Joint Guarantor amounted to $10,000,000 (2021: $10,000,000).

In assessing whether the Group needs to record any loss allowance in respect of the above joint and several  corporate  guarantee,  Management  engaged  an  external  professional  valuer  to  estimate  the market value of unsold property units and remaining undeveloped land in respect of which there are no development plans as at 31 March 2022.

Based on these estimates, Management projects that future sales proceeds from unsold property units and remaining undeveloped land will be sufficient for DSPDS group to repay the bank loan referred above.

It  is  anticipated  that  the  Group  together with the Joint Guarantor will be required to fund instalment payments due on the bank loans. However, such payments are expected to be recovered subsequently from the eventual sale of properties in the Development.

Based on the above assessment, Management has made the judgement that, as at 31 March 2022, no loss allowance needs to be made in connection with the bank guarantees (2021: $Nil).

The above assessment is based on the best estimates of net cash flows which may be realised from sale of  properties  of  DSPDC,  the  ability  to  sell  the  properties  for  the  estimated  amounts,  the  timing  of  sale relative to timing of repayment of bank loans and the assumption that the Joint Guarantor will fund 50% of any cash required for instalment payments due on the bank loans.

Management  monitors  the  above  projections,  reassesses  the  judgements  and  accounting  estimates periodically.

## (d) Assessment of corporate guarantee given in connection with bank loans of Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Nexus') (entity described in Note 3 (b)(iv) above)

The Company together with two other shareholders (the 'Joint Guarantors') of the associate, Nexus, provided corporate guarantees to a bank for credit facilities utilised by Nexus for the land and construction loan  of  a  dormitory.  The  Company's  maximum  exposure  to  the  corporate  guarantee  amounted  to $18,269,000 (2021: $20,721,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (d) Assessment of corporate guarantee given in connection with bank loans of Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Nexus') (entity described in Note 3 (b)(iv) above) (Continued)

In assessing whether the Group needs to record any loss allowance in respect of the corporate guarantee, Management has assessed the estimates of the cash flow from the associate's net assets after considering the  valuation  performed  by  an  external  professional  valuer.  The  critical  judgements  and  estimations involved in evaluating the market value include the occupancy rate, the rental rate and market prices of comparable properties.

Based on the above assessment, Management has made the judgement that, as at 31 March 2022, no loss allowance needs to be made in connection with the bank guarantees (2021: $Nil).

The assessment is also dependent on the assumption that the Joint Guarantors will fund the proportionate cash required for instalment payments due on the bank loans.

Management monitors the above assessments, reassesses the judgements and accounting estimates periodically.

## (e) Impairment in value of investment in associates and joint venture - Group level

The Group assesses annually whether its investment in associates and joint venture has any indication of impairment in accordance with the accounting policy. Critical judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainties are disclosed in Note 3 (b) to the financial statements.

As disclosed in Note 15, the carrying amount of the investment in certain associates and joint venture is $Nil at the end of the financial year as the Group has recognised losses incurred by the associates and joint venture to the Group's cost of investment in the associates and joint venture. The Group did not recognise its share of losses in excess of the carrying amount of the investments in associates and joint venture as the Group does not have the legal or constructive obligation or made payments on behalf of the associates and joint venture.

As at the end of the financial year, total allowance for impairment loss of $2,139,000 (2021: $2,139,000) has been made for the carrying value of investment in associates estimated based on the market conditions reflecting the recoverability of the net assets in associates. The carrying amount of the investment in associates and joint venture is disclosed in Note 15 to the financial statements.

## (f) Impairment in value of investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture - Company level

The  Company  assesses  annually  whether  its  investment  in  associates  and  joint  venture  has  any indication of impairment in accordance with the accounting policy. Critical judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainties are disclosed in Note 3 (b) to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (f) Impairment  in  value  of  investment  in  subsidiaries,  associates  and  joint  venture  -  Company  level (Continued)

The  Company  also  assesses  annually  whether  its  investment  in  subsidiaries  has  any  indication  of impairment in accordance with the accounting policy. Management evaluates, among other factors, the market and economic environment in which the subsidiaries operate, economic performance of these entities  i.e.  existing  financial  performance  as  well  as  operating  profit  forecasts  and  the  duration  and extent to which the cost of investments in these entities exceed their net tangible assets value and fair value less cost to sell.

As at the end of the financial year, total allowance for impairment loss of $10,000,000 (2021: $10,000,000) have been made for investment in subsidiaries, estimated based on the market conditions reflecting the recoverability of the net assets in subsidiaries. The carrying amounts of the investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture are disclosed in Notes 14 and 15 to the financial statements respectively.

## (g) Revenue recognition and contract cost from construction contracts

Revenue is recognised over time, whereby the revenue is recognised by reference to the the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs ('input method').

Management estimates the total contract costs to  complete,  which  are  used  in  the  input  method  to determine the Group's recognition of the revenue. When it is probable that the total contract costs will exceed  the  total  revenue  from  construction  contracts,  a  provision  for  onerous  contracts  is  recognised immediately. As at the end of the financial year, total provision for onerous contracts of $1,547,000 (2021: $1,462,000) has been made and disclosed in Note 24 to the financial statements.

Significant assumptions are used to estimate the total contract costs which affect the accuracy of revenue recognition based on the input method and completeness of provision for onerous contracts recognised. In  making  these  estimates,  Management  has  relied  on  past  experience.  Revenue  from  construction contracts is disclosed in Note 28 to the financial statements.

Revenue arising from additional claims and variation orders, whether billed or unbilled, is recognised when negotiations have reached an advanced stage such that it is probable that the customer will accept the claims or approve the variation orders, and the amount can be measured reliably.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

For the purpose of these financial statements, parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group has the ability,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  control  the  party  or  exercise  significant  influence  over  the  party  in making financial  and  operating  decisions,  or  vice  versa,  or  where  the  Group  and  the  party  are  subject  to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

Some of the Group's transactions and arrangements are with related parties and the effect of these on the basis determined between the parties are reflected in these financial statements. The balances are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand unless otherwise stated.

During the financial year, the Group entered into the following transactions with related parties:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Lease income from an associate  (16)  (16)  Interest income from associates and joint venture  (721)  (911)  Management fee income from associates  (109)  (109)  Advances to associates  38  495  Advances to a joint venture  125  810  Repayments from a joint venture  -  (6,050)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Compensation of Directors and Key Management Personnel

The remuneration of Directors and other members of Key Management during the financial year was as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Short-term benefits  1,499  910  Post-employment benefits  86  66  1,585  976  Directors' fees  172  121  1,757  1,097   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The remuneration of Directors and Key Management is determined by the Remuneration Committee having regards to the performance of individuals and market trends.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cash and bank balances  13,645  11,130  512  120  Fixed deposits  4,004  -  4,004  -  17,649  11,130  4,516  120   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash and bank balances comprise cash held by the Group that are readily convertible to cash within a short period of time. The carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair values.

The Group and the Company's cash balances held with certain banks amounting to $3,219,000 and $4,000 (2021: $6,232,000 and $4,000) bear interest at interest rates ranging from 0.16% to 1.00% per annum (2021: 0.04% to 1.00% per annum).

Fixed deposits bear interest at interest rates ranging from 0.15% to 0.28% per annum with tenures between 1 to 3 months. In 2021, there is no fixed deposit placed with bank.

## 6. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Amounts receivable from construction contract customers  10,431  11,635  Amounts receivable from rendering of services  790  848  11,221  12,483  Less: Loss allowance for trade receivables  (3,426)  (2,124)  Net  7,795  10,359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average credit period is 30 days (2021: 30 days). No interest is charged on overdue trade receivables.

Before accepting any new customer, the Group performs a background search on the credit worthiness and litigation  status.  The  Group's  customers  mainly  comprise  of  reputable  and  well  established  construction companies. The credit limit of the customers is reviewed periodically by the Management. Concentration of credit risk with respect of trade receivables in the construction industry does exist in view of the limited number of main contractors that the Group has dealings with. The Group's trade receivables comprise 5 debtors (2021: 5 debtors) that individually represent more than 5% of the total balance of trade receivables.

The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the debtor has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, whichever occurs earlier. None of the trade receivables that have been written off is subject to enforcement activities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 6. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The following table details the risk profile of trade receivables based on the Group's provision matrix.

| Expected  weighted  credit  loss rate  Estimated  total gross  carrying  amount at  default  Lifetime  ECL  Total  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Current (not past due)  *  5,106  -  5,106  1 to 60 days past due  *  1,759  -  1,759  61 to 150 days past due  *  38  -  38  151 to 240 days past due  41.9  270  (113)  157  More than 240 days past due  81.8  4,048  (3,313)  735  11,221  (3,426)  7,795  2021  Current (not past due)  *  8,068  -  8,068  1 to 60 days past due  0.4  1,665  (6)  1,659  61 to 150 days past due  1.9  213  (4)  209  151 to 240 days past due  44.4  9  (4)  5  More than 240 days past due  83.5  2,528  (2,110)  418  12,483  (2,124)  10,359   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The weighted credit loss rate is assessed as negligible.

The  table  below  shows  the  movement  in  lifetime  ECL  that  has  been  recognised  for  trade  receivables  in accordance with the simplified approach set out in SFRS(I) 9:

## Movement in loss allowance:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  2,124  1,830  Change in loss allowance recognised in profit or loss (Note 33)  1,302  294  Balance as at end of the financial year  3,426  2,124   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Current:  - Amounts due from associate  (Notes 4 and 15)  6,117  6,117  -  -  - Other receivables  112  311  -  6  - Prepayments  154  177  12  9  - Deposits  139  114  -  -  6,522  6,719  12  15  Less: Loss allowance for other  receivables  (64)  (58)  -  -  6,458  6,661  12  15  Non-current:  - Amounts due from associates and  joint venture (Notes 4 and 15)  79,832  78,922  -  -  Less: Loss allowance for amounts due  from associates  (41,747)  (40,901)  -  -  38,085  38,021  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at the end of the financial year, amounts due from associates and joint venture (net of loss allowance) amounting to $38,085,000 (2021: $38,021,000) are classified as non-current, out of which $3,174,000 (2021: $3,093,000) relates to an amount due from an associate which is due on 31 December 2022. These other receivables have been classified as non-current as Management does not expect these amounts to be repaid within the next 12 months.

Amounts due from associates and joint venture amounting to $30,310,000 (2021: $30,295,000) are unsecured and bear interest of 2.5% (2021: 2.5%) per annum. These other receivables are unsecured and non-interest bearing.  Management  has  assessed  that  the  interest  charged  on  amounts  due  from  associates  and  joint venture approximate the market rates and hence, the carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair values.

As at the end of the financial year, a loss allowance of $41,747,000 (2021: $40,901,000) was made for amounts due from associates (Note 3(b)(i), (iii) to (v)).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 7. OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for other receivables.

## Movement in loss allowance:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  40,959  40,480  Change in loss allowance recognised in profit or loss (Note 33)  - Other receivables  6  58  - Amount due from associates  838  495  Exchange differences  8  (74)  Balance as at end of the financial year  41,811  40,959   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 March 2022, the credit-impaired financial assets included in the gross carrying amount due from associates to the Group amounted to $56,462,000 (2021: $56,039,000), of which a loss allowance of $41,747,000 (2021: $40,901,000) was recognised.

## 8. AMOUNT DUE FROM SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Subsidiaries - non-trade  20,046  19,862  Less: Loss allowance for amount due from subsidiaries  (14,618)  (14,618)  5,428  5,244   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The advances to the subsidiaries are interest-free, unsecured and repayable on demand. As at the end of the financial year, a loss allowance of $14,618,000 (2021: $14,618,000) was made based on the market conditions reflecting the recoverability of the net assets in subsidiaries.

The following table shows the movement in ECL that has been recognised for amount due from subsidiaries.

## Movement in loss allowance:

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  14,618  13,663  Change in loss allowance recognised in profit or loss  -  955  Balance as at end of the financial year  14,618  14,618   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 9. HELD-FOR-TRADING INVESTMENTS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Quoted equity shares, at fair value  162  157  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  157  203  Change in fair value recognised in profit or loss (Notes 29 and 30)  5  (46)  Balance as at end of the financial year  162  157   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Held-for-trading investments are investment in quoted equity securities that offer the Group the opportunity for return through dividend income and fair value gain. They have no fixed maturity or coupon rate. The fair value of the quoted equity securities are based on quoted bid market prices on the last market day of the financial year.

## 10.  INVENTORIES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Raw materials and consumables  1,392  1,203   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reversal of write down of inventories amounting to $56,000 due to sale of inventories above their carrying amounts (2021: write down of inventories of $33,000) in respective of 31 March 2022 have been included in 'administrative expenses' in profit or loss (Note 33).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 11.  CONTRACT ASSETS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Retention monies on construction contracts  3,562  5,033  Accrued income from construction contracts  20,371  18,059  23,933  23,092  Less: Loss allowance for contract assets  (707)  (346)  23,226  22,746   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A contract asset is recognised when the Group has performed under the contract but has not yet billed the customer. Contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights to consideration become unconditional. Retention monies on construction contracts have been classified as current because they are expected to be realised in the normal operating cycle of the Group.

The following table details the risk profile of contract assets based on the Group's provision matrix:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Expected credit loss rate  3.0%  1.5%  Estimated total gross carrying amount at default:  - amounts not past due  23,933  23,092  Lifetime ECL  (707)  (346)  Net carrying amount  23,226  22,746   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The table below shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for contract assets in accordance with the simplified approach set out in SFRS(I) 9:

## Movement in loss allowance:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  346  432  Change in loss allowance recognised in profit or loss (Note 33)  361  (86)  Balance as at end of the financial year  707  346   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 12.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  and  properties  Plant and  machinery  Office  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Portable  toilets  Construction  in progress  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Cost  Balance as at 1 April 2021  8,300  1,093  1,259  3,814  1,896  90  16,452  Additions  -  38  162  259  142  -  601  Disposals  -  (65)  (36)  (269)  (55)  -  (425)  Balance as at 31 March  2022  8,300  1,066  1,385  3,804  1,983  90  16,628  Accumulated  depreciation  Balance as at 1 April 2021  7,457  992  1,129  3,096  1,761  -  14,435  Depreciation for the  financial year  212  24  75  232  49  -  592  Disposals  -  (65)  (36)  (268)  (17)  -  (386)  Balance as at 31 March  2022  7,669  951  1,168  3,060  1,793  -  14,641  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March  2022  631  115  217  744  190  90  1,987  Cost  Balance as at 1 April 2020  8,300  1,082  1,267  3,527  1,780  90  16,046  Additions  -  15  61  287  169  -  532  Disposals  -  (4)  (69)  -  (53)  -  (126)  Balance as at 31 March  2021  8,300  1,093  1,259  3,814  1,896  90  16,452  Accumulated  depreciation  Balance as at 1 April 2020  7,245  968  1,132  2,870  1,739  -  13,954  Depreciation for the  financial year  212  27  61  226  25  -  551  Disposals  -  (3)  (64)  -  (3)  -  (70)  Balance as at 31 March  2021  7,457  992  1,129  3,096  1,761  -  14,435  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March  2021  843  101  130  718  135  90  2,017   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 12.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| Office  equipment  $'000  Company  Cost  Balance as at 31 March 2021 and 2022  15  Accumulated depreciation  Balance as at 31 March 2021 and 2022  15  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March 2021 and 2022  -  Cost  Balance as at 31 March 2020 and 2021  15  Accumulated depreciation  Balance as at 31 March 2020 and 2021  15  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March 2020 and 2021  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details of the property held by the Group are set out below:

| Location  Description  Area  Tenure  8 Sungei Kadut Loop  Singapore 729455  Single storey build  warehouse with a  3-storey ancillary office  block on leased land  from JTC.  12,494 sq metre  Lease term of 34 years  from 16 March 1991  (Note 13)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 13.  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| Leasehold  property  Motor  Vehicles  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  Cost  Balance as at 1 April 2021  1,693  1,936  3,629  Additions  -  486  486  Balance 31 March 2022  1,693  2,422  4,115  Accumulated depreciation  Balance as at 1 April 2021  564  731  1,295  Depreciation for the financial year  282  214  496  Balance as at 31 March 2022  846  945  1,791  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March 2022  847  1,477  2,324  Cost  Balance as at 1 April 2020 and 31 March 2021  1,693  1,936  3,629  Accumulated depreciation  Balance as at 1 April 2020  282  537  819  Depreciation for the financial year  282  194  476  Balance as at 31 March 2021  564  731  1,295  Carrying amount  Balance as at 31 March 2021  1,129  1,205  2,334   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  right-of-use  assets  relate  to  lease  payments  payable  for  land  spaces  where  its  buildings  and properties are located, and motor vehicles under hire-purchase arrangement.

As at 31 March 2022, lease liabilities are secured by motor vehicles of the Group with carrying amount of $1,477,000 (2021: $1,205,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 14.  INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Unquoted equity shares - at cost  40,247  40,240  Less: Allowance for impairment loss on investment in subsidiary  (i)  (10,000)  (10,000)  30,247  30,240  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided to  banks on behalf of subsidiaries (Note 20)  1,459  1,459  Net  31,706  31,699   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i)   The allowance for impairment loss on investment in subsidiary relates to impairment of investment in King Wan Development Pte Ltd which holds investment in Dalian Shicheng Property Development (S) Pte. Ltd.. Refer to Note 3(f) to the financial statements for further details on impairment assessment of investment in subsidiaries.

Movement in the allowance for impairment loss on investment in a subsidiary:

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Balance as at beginning and end of the financial year  10,000  10,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The subsidiaries of the Company at the end of the financial year are as follows:

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  (Place of operation and  country of incorporation)  Proportion of ownership  interest and voting  power held  2022  2021  %  %  King Wan Construction Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Provision of mechanical and  electrical engineering services  (Singapore)  100  100  Shinergy Engineering Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Provision of mechanical and  electrical engineering services  (Singapore)  100  100  K &amp; W Mobile Loo Services Pte Ltd  (1)  Owner, renters and operators of  mobile lavatories and other facilities  (Singapore)  100  100  King Wan Industries Pte Ltd  (1)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  100  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 14.  INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

The subsidiaries of the Company at the end of the financial year are as follows: (Continued)

| Name of subsidiaries  Principal activities  (Place of operation and  country of incorporation)  Proportion of  ownership interest and  voting power held  2022  2021  %  %  King Wan Development Pte Ltd  (1)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  100  100  K &amp; W Eco Plus Pte. Ltd. (Formerly  known as Gold Topaz Pte. Ltd.)  (1)  Trading in eco-friendly products  (Singapore)  100  100  King Wan Eco Solutions Pte. Ltd.  (1)(2)  Provision of mechanical and  electrical engineering services  (Singapore)  70  -  Harmony Investment Holding  Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  100  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)   Audited by BDO LLP, Singapore.

(2)   The subsidiary was incorporated on 8 July 2021 with total share capital of $10,000, which comprised of $7,000 from the Company and $3,000 from a non-controlling shareholder.

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Unquoted equity shares - at cost  11,456  11,456  -  -  Deemed investment arising from  financial guarantees provided to banks  on behalf of Group's associates and  joint venture  4,648  4,648  942  942  Excess of nominal value over fair value  of advances given to associates  161  161  -  -  16,265  16,265  942  942  Share of post-acquisition accumulated  results, net of dividends received  (10,011)  (10,173)  -  -  Allowance for impairment loss on  investment in an associate  (2,139)  (2,139)  -  -  Net  4,115  3,953  942  942   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

The associates and joint venture of the Group at the end of the financial year are as follows:

| Name of entities  Principal activities  (Place of operation and  country of incorporation)  Proportion of effective  ownership interest and  voting power held  2022  2021  %  %  Associates  Held through King Wan Industries  Pte Ltd  Soon Li Investments Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  49  49  Chang Li Investments Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  49  49  Li Ta Investments Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  49  49  Held through King Wan  Development Pte Ltd  Meadows Bright Development  Pte Ltd  (5)  Property development  (Singapore)  40  40  Dalian Shicheng Property  Development (S) Pte. Ltd.  (5)  Property development and  investment holding  (Singapore)  36.6  36.6  Dalian Shicheng Property  Development Co., Ltd  (2)  Development, marketing, sale and  management of residential and  commercial properties  (People's Republic of China)  36.6  36.6  S.I. Property Co., Ltd  (5)  Owner and rental of office and  commercial space  (Thailand)  30  30  Held through K &amp; W Eco Plus  Pte. Ltd.  Gold Hyacinth Development  Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Chartering of vessels  (Singapore)  30  30  Held through Harmony Investment  Holding Pte. Ltd.  Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd.  (3)  Dormitory operator  (Singapore)  19  19   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

The associates and joint venture of the Group at the end of the financial year are as follows: (Continued)

| Name of entities  Principal activities  (Place of operation and  country of incorporation)  Proportion of effective  ownership interest and  voting power held  2022  2021  %  %  Joint Ventures  Held through King Wan Industries  Pte Ltd  Soon Zhou Investments Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  50  50  Held through Soon Zhou  Investments Pte. Ltd.  Blue Oasis Investments Pte. Ltd.  (1)  Investment holding  (Singapore)  50  50  Dalian Blue Oasis Properties  Co., Ltd  (4)  Investment holding  (People's Republic of China)  50  50   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)   Audited by BDO LLP, Singapore.

(2)   Dalian Shicheng Property Development Co., Ltd ('DSPDC') is 100% owned by the Group's associate, Dalian Shicheng Property Development (S) Pte. Ltd..

DSPDC  is  audited  by  an  overseas  member  firm  of  BDO  network  in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  for consolidation purposes.

(3)   Audited by another firm of auditors, Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP, Singapore.

(4)   Dalian  Blue  Oasis  Properties  Co.,  Ltd  ('DBOP')  is  100%  owned  by  the  Group's  joint  venture,  Blue  Oasis Investments Pte. Ltd..

DBOP  is  audited  by  an  overseas  member  firm  of  BDO  network  in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  for consolidation purposes.

(5)   Not considered a significant component under Rule 718 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group's material associates and joint venture is set out below.

## Associates

## Dalian Shicheng Property Development (S) Pte. Ltd. ('DSPDS') group

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current assets  32,772  32,805  Non-current assets  16  18  Current liabilities  (126,251)  (121,035)  Capital deficiency  (93,463)  (88,212)  Revenue  370  229  Loss for the financial year  (5,076)  (4,589)  Other comprehensive loss for the financial year  (175)  (51)  Total comprehensive loss for the financial year  (5,251)  (4,640)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in DSPDS recognised in these consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net liabilities of the associate  (93,463)  (88,212)  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in DSPDS  36.6%  36.6%  The Group's interest in DSPDS  (34,207)  (32,286)  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided  to banks on behalf of DSPDS  825  825  Excess of nominal value over fair value of advances given to DSPDS  41  41  (33,341)  (31,420)  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in DSPDS  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group  had  not  recognised  loss  amounting  to  $33,341,000  (2021: $31,420,000) incurred by DSPDS as this represented loss in excess of the Group's interest in DSPDS.

The ability of the DSPDS group to pay dividends or make other distributions or payments to the Group is subject to the PRC exchange control regulations. As at the end of the financial year, the Group has gross receivables from the associate amounting to $30,534,000 (2021: $30,409,000) which has been fully impaired (refer to Note 3(b)(i)). The ability to recover the advances from the associate in the future is dependent on the ability of the associate's PRC wholly owned subsidiary to generate profits from its operations and remit the funds from the PRC into Singapore, which is subject to the PRC exchange control regulations.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

## Associates (Continued)

## Meadows Bright Development Pte Ltd ('MBD')

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current assets  22,617  22,389  Current liabilities  (13,417)  (13,426)  Total equity  9,200  8,963  Revenue  -  -  Profit for the financial year, representing total  comprehensive income for the financial year  237  285   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in MBD recognised in these consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net assets of the associate  9,200  8,963  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in MBD  40%  40%  The Group's interest in MBD  3,680  3,585  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided to  banks on behalf of MBD  1,731  1,731  Excess of nominal value over fair value of advances given to MBD  120  120  Pre-acquisition profits not recorded by the Group  288  288  Allowance for impairment loss on investment in MBD  (2,139)  (2,139)  3,680  3,585  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in MBD  3,680  3,585   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

## Associates (Continued)

## Gold Hyacinth Development Pte. Ltd. ('GHD')

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current assets  670  1,519  Non-current assets  16,836  17,371  Current liabilities  (5,256)  (4,356)  Non-current liabilities  (19,943)  (20,726)  Capital deficiency  (7,693)  (6,192)  Revenue  3,460  4,356  Loss for the financial year  (919)  (156)  Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year  (582)  817  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year  (1,501)  661   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in GHD recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net liabilities of the associate  (7,693)  (6,192)  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in GHD  30%  30%  The Group's interest in GHD  (2,308)  (1,858)  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided  to banks on behalf of GHD  92  92  (2,216)  (1,766)  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in GHD  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group  had  not  recognised  loss  amounting  to  $2,216,000  (2021: $1,766,000) incurred by GHD as this represented loss in excess of the Group's interest in GHD.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

## Associates (Continued)

## Nexus Point Investments Pte. Ltd. ('Nexus')

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current assets  24,155  22,292  Non-current assets  140,448  150,227  Current liabilities  (14,179)  (20,280)  Non-current liabilities  (183,835)  (187,812)  Capital deficiency  (33,411)  (35,573)  Revenue  23,231  20,366  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year, representing total  comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year  2,162  (4,306)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in Nexus recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net liabilities of the associate  (33,411)  (35,573)  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in Nexus  19%  19%  The Group's interest in Nexus  (6,348)  (6,759)  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided  to banks on behalf of Nexus  1,478  1,478  (4,870)  (5,281)  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in Nexus  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group  had  not  recognised  loss  amounting  to  $4,870,000  (2021: $5,281,000) incurred by Nexus as this represented loss in excess of the Group's interest in Nexus.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 15.  INVESTMENT IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE (Continued)

## Joint venture

## Soon Zhou Investments Pte. Ltd. ('SZI') group

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current assets  23,755  22,205  Non-current assets  24,401  23,694  Current liabilities  (50,579)  (49,218)  Capital deficiency  (2,423)  (3,319)  Revenue  1,140  37  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  270  (472)  Other comprehensive income for the financial year  626  289  Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the financial year  896  (183)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in SZI recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net liabilities of the joint venture  (2,423)  (3,319)  Proportion of the Group's ownership interest in SZI  50%  50%  The Group's interest in SZI  (1,212)  (1,660)  Deemed investment arising from financial guarantees provided  to banks on behalf of SZI  520  520  (692)  (1,140)  Carrying amount of the Group's interest in SZI  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group  had  not  recognised  loss  amounting  to  $692,000  (2021: $1,140,000) incurred by SZI this represented loss in excess of the Group's interest in SZI.

## Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material

| 2022  2021  $'000  $'000  The Group's share of profit for the financial year  84  47  The Group's share of other comprehensive loss for the financial year  (17)  -  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group's interest in these associates  435  368   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 16.  INVESTMENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Quoted equity shares, at fair  value through other comprehensive  income ('FVTOCI')  21,372  18,936  16,602  14,710  Insurance contract, at fair value  through profit or loss  239  231  -  -  21,611  19,167  16,602  14,710   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investment in quoted equity securities

Investments in equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI are not subject to impairment, and their cumulative fair value changes included in the investment revaluation reserve are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss.

The investment in quoted equity securities offers the Group the opportunity for return through dividend income and fair value gains. They have no fixed maturity or coupon rate. The fair values of these securities are based on the quoted closing market prices on the last market day of the financial year.

## Investment in life insurance policy

The life insurance policy relates to life insurance purchased for a Key Management Personnel.

## 17.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Tax losses:  Balance as at beginning of the financial year  648  370  (Charge)/Credit to profit or loss (Note 32)  (141)  278  Balance as at end of the financial year  507  648  Accelerated tax over book depreciation:  Balance as at beginning and end of the financial year  (148)  (148)  Total  359  500   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 18.  BANK BORROWINGS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Short-term bank borrowings  7,200  9,325  Current portion of long-term bank borrowings  1,233  1,542  Total current portion of bank borrowings  8,433  10,867  Add: Non-current portion of long-term bank borrowings  2,758  3,958  11,191  14,825   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The short-term bank borrowings extended by the banks to a subsidiary are on 1 to 6 months (2021: 1 to 6 months) revolving basis and are borrowed for the purpose of short-term cash commitments. The borrowings are guaranteed by the Company and bear interest at rates ranging from 1.98% to 3.09% (2021: 1.45% to 3.75%) per annum and are arranged at floating rates thus exposing the Group to cash flow interest rate risks.

In the previous financial year, the Group had breached certain debt covenants with a few financial institutions which  the  borrowings  with  these  financial  institutions  were  short  term  and  were  classified  as  current liabilities. The Group had obtained letters of indulgence or waiver from the respective financial institutions before the end of the previous financial year as waivers of the breaches. The Group complied with all the debt covenants in the current financial year.

The long-term bank borrowings extended by the banks to a subsidiary comprise:

- term loans for a term of 5 years and repayable over 48 equal monthly instalments from second year onwards. The term loans were drawn down for the purpose of working capital, guaranteed by the Company and bear fixed interest rate of 2.00% per annum. As at 31 March 2022, the outstanding balance of the loan was $3,991,000 (2021: $5,000,000), of which the current portion was $1,233,000 (2021: $1,042,000).
- term loans of a term of 2 years and repayable over 8 quarterly instalments. The term loans were drawn down for the purpose of working capital, guaranteed by the Company and bore interest rates ranging from 2.80% to 3.90% per annum. As at 31 March 2022, the current portion of long-term bank borrowings was $Nil (2021: $500,000).

The carrying amounts of these borrowings approximate their fair values as the interest rates approximate the prevailing market rates.

As  at  31  March  2022,  the  Group  had  available  $13,238,000  (2021:  $17,239,000)  of  undrawn  uncommitted borrowing facilities in respect of which all conditions precedent had been met.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 19.  TRADE PAYABLES AND BILLS PAYABLES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Bills payables  21,472  18,586  Trade payables - external parties  13,234  13,477  Accrual for subcontractor costs  2,259  3,973  36,965  36,036   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bills payables are repayable between 2 to 5 months (2021: 3 to 6 months) from the date the bills are first issued. The carrying amounts of the bills payables approximate their fair values due to their short-term maturity. Bills payables bear interest at rates ranging from 1.63% to 2.49% (2021: 1.45% to 2.49% ) per annum and are supported by a corporate guarantee given by the Company.

Trade payables principally comprise amounts outstanding for trade purchases. The average credit period on purchases of goods from outside parties is 3 months (2021: 3 months). No interest is charged on overdue trade payables.

## 20.  OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Other payables  1,289  1,185  151  178  Deferred grant  -  11  -  -  Directors  80  80  80  80  Financial guarantees  322  419  312  409  1,691  1,695  543  667   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts due to Directors are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

Included  in  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  non-trade  payables  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  were unamortised financial guarantee fee income of $322,000 and $312,000 (2021: $419,000 and $409,000) respectively. The Company issued financial guarantees to financial institutions for credit facilities obtained by its subsidiaries, joint venture and certain associates, and recorded a deemed financial guarantee fee income in accordance with SFRS(I) 9 Financial Instruments .  The deemed income was amortised over the period of the guarantee. The guarantee fee was not charged by the Company to the subsidiaries, joint venture and associates. The full amount of the guarantee fee is deemed to be the additional investment in the subsidiaries, joint venture and associates.

The Group and the Company is a party to financial guarantee contracts where it has provided financial guarantee  of  $28,269,000  (2021:  $30,721,000)  to  financial  institutions  in  respect  of  associates  and  joint venture of the Group. The Company also provides financial guarantee of $36,833,000 (2021: $38,148,000) to financial institutions in respect of a subsidiary.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 21.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Amounts related to construction contracts  2,059  1,728   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract  liabilities  relating  to  construction  contracts  are  balances  due  to  customers  under  construction contracts. These arise when particular milestone payments exceed the revenue recognised to date under the input method.

## 22.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Maturity analysis:  Year 1  525  591  Year 2  462  442  Year 3  443  378  Year 4  83  360  Year 5  48  -  Year 6 onwards  74  -  1,635  1,771  Less: Future interest  (160)  (165)  1,475  1,606  Analysed as:  Current  457  522  Non-current  1,018  1,084  1,475  1,606   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above represents leases for leasehold property and motor vehicles of the Group.

The Group's leases do not contain variable lease payments and accordingly no expense relating to variable lease payments are included in the measurement of lease liabilities.

Certain  leases  of  the  Group  contain  extension  periods,  for  which  the  related  lease  payments  had  been included in lease liabilities.

The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities.

Total cash outflow for payment of principal portion of all leases in financial year ended 31 March 2022 was $552,000  (2021:  $511,000).  During  the  current  financial  year,  the  Group  leased  additional  motor  vehicles  of $421,000 (2021: $Nil) under hire-purchase agreements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 22.  LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)

Included  in  lease  liabilities  is  an  amount  of  $519,000  (2021:  $381,000)  representing  the  lease  of  motor vehicles from financial institutions, which are secured against motor vehicles with an average lease term of 5 to 7 years (2021: 4 to 5 years).

## 23.  AMOUNT DUE TO A SUBSIDIARY

The amount due to a subsidiary was unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

## 24.  PROVISION FOR LIABILITIES

| Group  Provision for  onerous  contracts  Provision for  rectification  cost  Provision for  other  liabilities  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Balance as at beginning of the financial  year  1,462  859  -  2,321  Charge/(reversal) to profit or loss  85  (372)  300  13  Utilisation  -  (106)  -  (106)  Balance as at end of the financial year  1,547  381  300  2,228  2021  Balance as at beginning of the financial  year  720  833  -  1,553  Charge to profit or loss  856  188  -  1,044  Utilisation  (114)  (162)  -  (276)  Balance as at end of the financial year  1,462  859  -  2,321   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Provision for onerous contracts

The Group has ongoing construction contracts. The provision for onerous contracts is recognised at the end of the financial year as it is probable that the total construction contract costs will exceed the total construction contract revenue for certain projects.

## Provision for rectification cost

The Group has a contractual commitment to rectify defects works for its construction contracts during the defects liability period. A provision is recognised at the end of the financial year for the expected defects costs based on past experience of the level of defects. In 2022, there is a reversal in provision for rectification work that is no longer required amounting to $372,000 (2021: $Nil).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 24.  PROVISION FOR LIABILITIES (Continued)

## Provision for other liabilities

In February 2022, the Group's wholly owned subsidiary, King Wan Construction Pte Ltd ("KWC") received a  notice  from  its  customer  purporting  to  terminate  the  contract,  alleging  certain  breaches  relating  to rectification works, testing and commissioning, and submission of certain documents as required under a contract. Accordingly, KWC had disputed the allegations and informed the customer that the termination of  the  contract  was  wrongful.  As  at  31  March  2022,  Management  estimated  the  value  of  the  remaining outstanding works and other potential obligations under the contract and made a provision amounting to $300,000.

## 25.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Group and Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Number of ordinary shares  $'000  $'000  Issued and paid-up:  Balance as at beginning and end  of the financial year  698,353,740  349,176,870  53,797  46,814   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fully paid ordinary shares, which have no par value, carry one vote per share and carry a right to dividends as and when declared by the Company.

On  8  September  2021,  the  Company  had  completed  a  renounceable  non-underwritten  rights  issue  of 349,176,870 new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the 'Rights Shares') at an issue price of $0.02 for each Rights Share, on the basis of one (1) Rights Share for every one (1) ordinary share in the capital of the Company held by each shareholder of the Company (the 'Rights Issue') with total gross proceeds amounted to approximately $6,983,000.

## 26.  FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION RESERVE

Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  represents  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the financial statements of foreign operations whose functional currencies are different from that of the Group's presentation currency.

## 27.  INVESTMENT REVALUATION RESERVE

Investment revaluation reserve represents revaluation of investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI to market values as at financial year end.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 28.  REVENUE

The Group derives its revenue from the transfer of services over time in the following major service lines. This is consistent with the revenue information that is disclosed for each reportable segment under SFRS(I) 8 (Note 37).

A disaggregation of the Group's revenue for the financial year is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue from:  Construction contracts  - Plumbing and sanitary  42,027  22,354  - Electrical  29,886  19,954  Rendering of services  - Toilet rental  4,807  3,598  Investment holdings  - Dividend income from investment in equity securities  carried at FVTOCI  472  -  77,192  45,906  Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Timing of revenue recognition  Over time  76,720  45,906  Right to receive established  472  -  77,192  45,906   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table shows the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) as at the end of the financial year.

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Construction contracts  199,872  156,886   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management expects that the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts as of 31 March 2022 will be recognised as revenue within the next 5 years.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 29.  OTHER OPERATING INCOME

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Lease income from:  - Associate (Note 4)  16  16  - External parties  -  211  Dividend income from held-for-trading investments  *  *  Change in fair value of insurance contract  8  -  Change in fair value of held-for-trading investments  5  -  Sundry income  64  204  Government grants  184  141  Management fee income (Note 4)  109  109  Interest income from:  - Associates and joint venture (Note 4)  721  911  - External parties  8  9  Fee income from financial guarantee to associates and joint venture  97  116  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  80  155  Net foreign exchange gain  21  -  1,313  1,872   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Amount less than $1,000

## 30.  OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Net foreign exchange loss  -  68  Change in fair value of insurance contract  -  5  Change in fair value of held-for-trading investments  -  46  -  119   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  FINANCE COSTS

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Interest expense from:  - Bank borrowings  645  850  - Lease liabilities  20  92  665  942   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 32.  INCOME TAX (CREDIT)/EXPENSE

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Current income tax  - Current  320  363  - Over provision of current tax in prior years  (543)  -  Deferred tax (Note 17)  - Current  -  (278)  - Under provision of deferred tax in prior years  141  -  Withholding tax  47  -  (35)  85   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Domestic income tax is calculated at 17% (2021: 17%) of the estimated assessable profit/(loss) for the financial year.

The total charge for the financial year can be reconciled to the accounting profit/(loss) as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  548  (1,404)  Share of profit of associates, net of tax  (179)  (161)  369  (1,565)  Income tax expense/(credit) calculated at 17% (2021: 17%)  63  (266)  Non-allowable items  540  552  Non-taxable items  (214)  (163)  Tax exemptions  (74)  (52)  Withholding tax  47  -  Others  5  14  367  85  Over provision of current tax in prior year  (543)  -  Under provision of deferred tax in prior year  141  -  (35)  85   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 33.  PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR

Profit/(Loss) for the financial year is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  592  551  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  496  476  Directors' remuneration:  - Company  658  285  - Subsidiaries  593  625  Directors' fees:  - Company  172  121  Staff costs (including directors' remuneration)  8,752  7,258  Costs of defined contribution plans included in staff costs  612  567  Rent concessions  -  (76)  Loss allowance for:  - trade receivables  1,302  294  - other receivables  6  58  - contract assets  361  (86)  - amounts due from associates  838  495  2,507  761  (Reversal)/write down of inventory obsolescence  (56)  33  Cost of inventories recognised as expense  26,543  10,178  Audit fees paid/payable to auditors of the Company  118  117  Non-audit fees paid/payable to auditors of the Company  3  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included  in  staff  costs  is  government  grants  of  $90,000  (2021:  $1,796,000)  relating  to  grant  provided  by Singapore  Government  for  wages  paid  to  local  employees  under  the  Job  Support  Scheme  announced  in the  various  budgets  during  and  subsequent  to  the  financial  year.  The  Group  has  elected  to  present  these government grants by reducing the related expenses. The grant income is recognised on a systematic basis over the estimated period of economic uncertainty in which the Group recognises the related salary costs.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 34.  EARNINGS/(LOSSES) PER SHARE (CENTS)

Basic earnings/(losses) per share is calculated by dividing the Group's profit/(loss) attributable to Owners of the Company for the financial year by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the financial year as follows:

| 2022  2021  Net profit/(loss) attributable to Owners of the Company ($'000)  605  (1,489)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  624,842,820  551,331,900 *  Basic and diluted earnings/(losses) per share (in cents)  0.10  (0.27) *   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fully diluted earnings per share is calculated using the same weighted number of ordinary shares as there are no dilutive potential ordinary shares.

* The figures have been restated for the effect of the rights issue undertaken by the Group

## 35.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Corporate guarantees given to banks in  respect of credit facilities utilised by:  Subsidiaries  -  -  36,833  38,148  Associates and a joint venture  28,269  30,721  28,269  30,721  28,269  30,721  65,102  68,869   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maximum amount that the Group and Company could be forced to settle under the financial guarantee contracts are $28,269,000 and $65,102,000 (2021: $30,721,000 and $68,869,000) respectively. The Group and Company considers that it is more likely than not that no amount will be payable under the arrangement (see Note 39).

## 36.  OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

## The Group as lessor

The Group rents out part of its leasehold property in Singapore under operating leases. Lease income earned during the financial year was $16,000 (2021: $227,000). Leases are negotiated for an average term of 1 year and rentals are fixed for an average of 1 year. These leases are non-cancellable and the lessee does not have an option to purchase the leased assets at the expiry of the lease period.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 37.  SEGMENT INFORMATION

## Business segments

The segment information reported externally was analysed on the basis of the types of products and services provided by the Group's operating segments. The information reported to the Group's chief operating decision maker for the purposes of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance is focused on these operating  segments.  The  reportable  segments  under  SFRS(I)  8  are  plumbing  and  sanitary,  electrical,  toilet rental and investment holdings.

Plumbing and sanitary - Provision of plumbing and sanitary services includes the design and installation of water distribution systems and pipe network for sewage and waste water drainage.

Electrical - Provision of electrical engineering services include the design and installation of electricity distribution systems, fire protection, alarm systems, communications and security systems as well as air-conditioning and mechanical ventilation systems.

Toilet rental - Rental and operating of mobile lavatories and other facilities.

Investment holdings - Group's investment in associates and joint venture, and investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI.

Others - For those other activities which do not fall into the above categories.

Segment revenue and results are the operating revenue and results reported in the Group's consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income that are directly attributable to a segment and the relevant portion of such revenue and results that can be allocated on a reasonable basis to a segment.

Inter-segment sales relate to sales between business segments and are stated at prevailing market prices. These sales are eliminated on consolidation.

Segment assets include all operating assets used by a segment and consist principally of cash, trade receivables, contract  assets  and  property,  plant  and  equipment.  Unallocated  assets  comprise  other  assets  that  are  not directly attributable to the segment. Capital expenditure includes the total cost incurred to acquire property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets directly attributable to the segment.

Segment liabilities include all operating liabilities and consist principally of trade payables, contract liabilities, provision for rectification costs and accrued expenses. Unallocated liabilities comprise bank borrowings, lease liabilities, income tax payable and other liabilities that are not directly attributable to the segment.

Information regarding the Group's reportable segments is presented below. The measurement basis of the Group's reportable segments is in accordance with its accounting policy.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 37.  SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

| Plumbing and sanitary  Electrical  Toilet rental  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Revenue  External sales  42,027  22,354  29,886  19,954  4,807  3,598  Intersegment sales  -  -  -  -  50  52  Total revenue  42,027  22,354  29,886  19,954  4,857  3,650  Results  Segment result  1,506  (110)  (621)  (2,219)  1,197  1,403  Unallocated expenses  Net other operating income  Finance costs  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  Income tax credit/(expense)  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year  Other information  Capital expenditure additions  18  6  17  7  630  386  Fee income from financial  guarantee to associates and joint  venture  -  -  -  -  -  -  Depreciation  12  11  11  11  257  235  Loss allowance for amounts due  from associates  -  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance for other  receivables  -  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance for trade  receivables and contract assets  721  70  955  143  (13)  (5)  Assets  Segment assets  22,162  21,742  9,326  11,799  3,219  2,462  Unallocated assets  Consolidated total assets  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  25,182  19,834  15,252  19,946  569  1,681  Unallocated liabilities  Consolidated total liabilities   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Investment holdings  Others  Eliminations  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  472  -  -  -  -  77,192  45,906  -  -  -  -  (50)  (52)  -  -  472  -  -  -  (50)  (52)  77,192  45,906  (187)  (334)  -  -  96  12  1,991  (1,248)  (1,937)  (869)  1,159  1,655  (665)  (942)  548  (1,404)  35  (85)  583  (1,489)  -  -  422  133  -  -  1,087  532  -  -  97  116  -  -  97  116  -  -  808  770  -  -  1,088  1,027  838  495  -  -  -  -  838  495  -  -  6  58  -  -  6  58  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,663  208  67,153  66,866  24  -  -  -  101,884  102,869  23,279  15,379  125,163  118,248  -  -  -  -  -  (3,314)  41,003  38,147  15,052  20,998  56,055  59,145   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 37.  SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical segments

The Group operates mainly in Singapore. Revenue is reported based on the location of customers regardless of where the goods are produced or services rendered. Non-current assets other than the financial assets at  FVOTCI,  financial  assets  at  amortised  cost,  deferred  tax  assets,  other  receivables  are  based  on  the geographical location of the assets.

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Singapore  77,192  45,906  7,991  7,936   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about major customer

Included  in  revenues  arising  from  construction  contracts  on  plumbing  and  sanitary,  and  electrical  of $71,913,000 (2021: $42,308,000) are revenues of approximately $23,551,000 (2021: $6,236,000) which arose from construction works performed to the Group's 2 (2021: 1) external customers.

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

## (a) Categories of financial instruments

The following table sets out the financial instruments as at the end of the financial year:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at amortised cost  - Cash and bank balances  17,649  11,130  4,516  120  - Trade receivables  7,795  10,359  -  -  - Other receivables (excluding  prepayments)  44,389  44,505  -  6  - Amount due from subsidiaries  -  -  5,428  5,244  69,833  65,994  9,944  5,370  Fair value through profit or loss  - Investments - insurance  contract  239  231  -  -  - Held-for-trading investments  162  157  -  -  401  388  -  -  Fair value through other  comprehensive income  - Investments - quoted equity  shares  21,372  18,936  16,602  14,710   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (a) Categories of financial instruments (Continued)

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Financial liabilities  Financial liabilities at amortised  cost  - Bank borrowings  11,191  14,825  -  -  - Trade payables and bills  payables  36,965  36,036  -  -  - Other payables (excluding  deferred grant)  1,691  1,684  543  667  - Lease liabilities  1,475  1,606  -  -  - Amount due to a subsidiary  -  -  17,330  18,635  51,322  54,151  17,873  19,302   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives

The Group's overall risk management programme seeks to minimise potential adverse effects of the financial performance of the Group.

The  Group's  activities  expose  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks,  including  market  risk  (foreign  currency exchange risk, interest rate risk and equity price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it  manages  and  measures  the  risk.  Market  risk  exposures  are  measured  using  sensitivity  analysis indicated below.

## (i) Foreign exchange risk management

Foreign currency risk occurs as a result of the transactions that are not denominated in the Group entities' respective functional currencies.

Transactions of the individual entities within the Group are mainly transacted in their respective functional currencies except for investment in quoted equity securities carried at FVTOCI which is denominated in Thai Baht.

No sensitivity analysis is prepared as the Group and the Company do not expect any material effect on the Group's and the Company's profit or loss arising from the effects of reasonably possible changes to foreign currency risk at the end of the financial year.

The foreign currency risk relating to investments in quoted equity securities does not have any effect  on  the  Group's  and  Company's profit or loss as it is  a  non-monetary item and changes arising from foreign exchange is recognised in the investment revaluation reserve.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (i) Foreign exchange risk management (Continued)

The Company's subsidiaries operate mainly in Singapore and transact mainly in Singapore dollars. Exposures to foreign currency risks are minimal. The Group's associates and joint venture operate mainly in Singapore and PRC. The Group is exposed to currency translation risk on the net assets in foreign operations mainly in PRC (Renminbi).

## (ii) Interest rate risk management

Interest rate risk refers to the risk faced by the Group as a result of fluctuation in interest rates.

The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to certain bank borrowings and bills payables and the effective interest rates are disclosed in Note 38 (b)(v).

The Group is not exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to loan to associates and joint venture, certain bank borrowings and lease liabilities as the interest rate have been fixed at  the  inception of the advances to associates and joint venture, certain bank borrowings and lease liabilities. Interest rate of the advances to associates and joint venture, bank borrowings, bill payables and lease liabilities are disclosed in Notes 7, 18, 19 and 22 to the financial statements respectively. The Group does not have interest rate hedging policy and Management monitors interest rate exposure closely.

## Interest rate sensitivity

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for certain bank borrowings and bill payables at the end of the financial year. For floating rate liabilities, the analysis is prepared assuming the amount of liability outstanding at the end of the financial year  was  outstanding  for  the  whole  year.  A  50  basis  point  increase  or  decrease  is  used  when reporting interest rate risk internally to Key Management Personnel and represents Management's assessment of reasonably possible change in interest rates.

If interest rates had been 50 basis points higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's profit or loss would decrease or increase by $143,000 (2021: $142,000).

## (iii) Equity price risk management

The Group's exposure to equity risks arise from equity investments classified as held-for-trading and investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI. Investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI are held for strategic rather than trading purposes. The Group does not actively trade investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI. Further details of these equity investments can be found in Notes 9 and 16 to the financial statements respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (iii) Equity price risk management (Continued)

## Equity price sensitivity

The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at the end of the financial year.

In  respect of held-for-trading equity investments, if equity prices had been 10% higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's profit or loss would increase or decrease by $16,000 (2021: $16,000).

In respect of investment in quoted equity securities carried at FVTOCI, if equity prices had been 10% higher or lower and all other variables were held constant, there is no impact to the Group's and the Company's profit or loss. The Group's and the Company's investment revaluation reserve would increase or decrease by $2,137,000 and $1,660,000 (2021: $1,894,000 and $1,471,000) respectively.

## (iv) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a financial loss to the Group. The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk without taking into account any collateral held or other credit enhancements, which will cause a financial loss to the Group and the Company due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties and financial guarantees provided by the Company arises from the carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The Group's current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

| Category  Description  Basis for recognising  expected credit losses (ECL)  Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of  default and does not have any past-  due amounts.  Lifetime ECL (trade receivables  and contract assets)  12-month ECL (other  receivables)  Doubtful  Amount is &gt;60 days past due or there  has been a significant increase in  credit risk since initial recognition.  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  In default  Amount is &gt;2 years past due or there  is evidence indicating the asset is  credit-impaired.  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the  debtor is in severe financial difficulty  and the company has no realistic  prospect of recovery.  Amount is written off   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (iv) Credit risk management (Continued)

The table below details the credit quality of the Group's financial assets and other items, as well as maximum exposure to credit risk by credit risk rating grades:

| Note  Internal  Credit  rating  12-month  or lifetime  ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net  carrying  amount  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  2022  Trade receivables  6  Performing  (i)  Lifetime ECL  - simplified  approach  11,221  (3,426)  7,795  Other receivables  7  Performing  12-month ECL  29,738  (64)  29,674  Other receivables  7  In default  (ii)  Lifetime  ECL - credit-  impaired  56,462  (41,747)  14,715  Contract assets  11  Performing  (i)  Lifetime ECL  - simplified  approach  23,933  (707)  23,226  (45,944)  2021  Trade receivables  6  Performing  (i)  Lifetime ECL  - simplified  approach  12,483  (2,124)  10,359  Other receivables  7  Performing  12-month ECL  29,425  (58)  29,367  Other receivables  7  In default  (ii)  Lifetime  ECL - credit-  impaired  56,039  (40,901)  15,138  Contract assets  11  Performing  (i)  Lifetime ECL  - simplified  approach  23,092  (346)  22,746  (43,429)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (iv) Credit risk management (Continued)

| Note  Internal  Credit  rating  12-month  or lifetime  ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net  carrying  amount  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  2022  Amount due from  subsidiaries  8  In default  (ii)  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  20,046  (14,618)  5,428  2021  Amount due from  subsidiaries  8  In default  (ii)  Lifetime ECL -  credit impaired  19,862  (14,618)  5,244   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach in SFRS(I) 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The expected credit losses on trade receivables and contract assets are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and analysis of the debtor's current financial position, adjusted for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors,  general  economic  conditions  of  the  industry  in which the debtors operate and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of the conditions at the end of the financial year. Notes 6 and 11 includes further details on the loss allowance for these assets respectively.
- (ii) For loans to or amount due from subsidiaries, associates and joint venture, the Group has applied the credit- impaired approach in SFRS(I) 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The expected credit losses has been determined after taking into account the historical default experience and the financial position of the counterparties, adjusted for underlying assets held by respective receivables and factors that are specific to these receivables. Notes 7 and 8 includes further details on the loss allowance for these assets respectively.

Management assessed that cash at banks are subject to immaterial credit loss as the counterparties are banks and financial institutions which are regulated with high credit ratings.

Concentration  of  credit  risk  with  respect  to  trade  receivables  in  the  construction  industry  in which the Group operates does exist in view of the limited number of main contractors that the Group has been dealing with, and in respect of other receivables, the Group has a balance from associates and joint venture of $44,202,000 (2021: $44,138,000) and the Company has a balance from subsidiaries of $5,428,000 (2021: $5,244,000).

## (v) Liquidity risk management

Liquidity risk arises when the Group is unable to meet its obligations towards other counterparties. At  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Company's  current  liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by $7,917,000 (2021: $13,925,000).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (v) Liquidity risk management (Continued)

Management has prepared a month-to-month consolidated cash flows forecast up to 30 June 2023 based on the latest available financial information and assessed that the Group is still able to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable the Group to continue as a going concern for at least the next 12 months from the date of authorisation of these financial statements.

The Group manages its liquidity risk by matching the payment and receipt cycle. The directors of the Group are of the opinion that liquidity risk is contained given that the Group has sufficient equity funds to finance its operations and that if required, financing can be obtained from its undrawn banking credit facilities as disclosed in Note 18 to the financial statements.

## Liquidity and interest risk analyses

## Non-derivative financial assets

The  following  tables  detail  the  expected  maturity  for  non-derivative  financial  assets.  The  tables below have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be earned on those assets except where the Group and the Company anticipate that the cash flow will occur in a different period. The adjustment column represents the possible future cash flows attributable to the instrument included in the maturity analysis which are not included in the carrying amount of the financial asset on the statements of financial position.

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  On  demand  or  within 1  year  Within  2 to 5  years  After 5  years  Adjustment  Total  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  2022  Non-interest bearing  -  26,063  -  6,237  -  32,300  Fixed interest rate  instruments  2.06  9,797  -  28,483 (1)  (747)  37,533  35,860  -  34,720  (747)  69,833  2021  Non-interest bearing  -  23,954  -  5,513  -  29,467  Fixed interest rate  instruments  2.11  8,910  -  28,483 (1)  (866)  36,527  32,864  -  33,996  (866)  65,994   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)   Actual maturity date may differ from contractual maturity date as Management expects that the amount will be repaid after 5 years.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

- (v) Liquidity risk management (Continued)

Liquidity and interest risk analyses (Continued)

Non-derivative financial assets (Continued)

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  On  demand  or  within 1  year  Within  2 to 5  years  After 5  years  Adjustment  Total  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  2022  Non-interest bearing  -  5,936  -  -  -  5,936  Fixed interest rate  instruments  0.25  4,010  -  -  (2)  4,008  9,946  -  -  (2)  9,944  2021  Non-interest bearing  -  5,366  -  -  -  5,366  Fixed interest rate  instruments  1.0  4  -  -  -  4  5,370  -  -  -  5,370   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Non-derivative financial liabilities

The following tables detail the remaining contractual maturity for non-derivative financial liabilities. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group and the Company can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. The adjustment column represents the possible future cash flows attributable to the instrument included in the maturity analysis which is not included in the carrying amount of the financial liability on the statements of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

- (v) Liquidity risk management (Continued)

Non-derivative financial liabilities (Continued)

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  On  demand  or  within 1  year  Within  2 to 5  years  After 5  years  Adjustment  Total  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Group  2022  Non-interest bearing  -  16,863  -  -  -  16,863  Variable interest rate  instruments  2.05  28,777  -  -  (105)  28,672  Fixed interest rate  instruments  2.00  1,302  2,820  -  (131)  3,991  Lease liabilities  (fixed rate)  2.23  525  1,036  74  (160)  1,475  Financial guarantee  contract  28,269  -  -  (27,947)  322  75,736  3,856  74  (28,343)  51,323  Group  2021  Non-interest bearing  -  18,715  -  -  -  18,715  Variable interest rate  instruments  2.06  28,557  -  -  (146)  28,411  Fixed interest rate  instruments  2.00  1,085  4,122  -  (207)  5,000  Lease liabilities  (fixed rate)  4.69  591  1,180  -  (165)  1,606  Financial guarantee  contract  -  30,721  -  -  (30,302)  419  79,669  5,302  -  (30,820)  54,151   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (v) Liquidity risk management (Continued)

Non-derivative financial liabilities (Continued)

| Weighted  average  effective  interest  rate  On  demand  or  within 1  year  Within  2 to 5  years  After 5  years  Adjustment  Total  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Company  2022  Non-interest bearing  17,561  -  -  -  17,561  Financial guarantee  contract  65,102  -  -  (64,790)  312  82,663  -  -  (64,790)  17,873  2021  Non-interest bearing  -  18,893  -  -  -  18,893  Financial guarantee  contract  -  68,869  -  -  (68,460)  409  87,762  -  -  (68,460)  19,302   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (vi) Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities

The carrying amounts of cash and bank balances, trade and other current receivables and payables, bank borrowings and other liabilities approximate their respective fair values due to the relatively short-term  maturity  of  these  financial  instruments.  The  fair  values  of  other  classes  of  financial assets and liabilities are disclosed in the respective notes to financial statements.

The Group classifies fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in making the measurements. The fair value hierarchy has the following levels:

- (a) quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1);
- (b) inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices) (Level 2); and
- (c) inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs) (Level 3).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Financial risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

## (vi) Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities (Continued)

As at the end of the financial year, the fair value measurements of held-for-trading investment carried at fair value through profit or loss and investment in equity securities carried at FVTOCI for the Group and the Company were determined based on quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1).

The fair value of the life insurance policy is based on the cash surrender value of the contracts stated in the annual statement of the policy (level 3).

There is no transfer between levels of the fair value hierarchy during the current year and prior year.

## (c) Capital risk management policies and objectives

The  Group  manages  its  capital  to  ensure  that  entities  in  the  Group  will  be  able  to  continue  as  a going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes the borrowings disclosed in Notes 18, 19 and 22 to the financial statements, and equity attributable to owners of the parent, comprising issued capital and retained earnings. The Group is required to maintain a minimum Group's net worth, a maximum gearing ratio and a minimum current ratio in order to comply with the financial covenants in the loan agreements with the banks.

As  disclosed  in  Note  18  to  the  financial  statements,  in  the  previous  financial  year,  the  Group  had breached certain debt covenants with a few financial institutions as at 31 March 2021. The Group had obtained letters of indulgence or waiver from the respective financial institutions before the end of the previous financial year as waivers of the breaches. The Group complied with all debt covenants at the end of the current financial year.

Management reviews the capital structure on a yearly basis. As a part of this review, Management considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of Management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, issue of new shares as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

The Group monitors capital based on the Group's gross gearing and net gearing. The Group's gross gearing is calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity, whilst net gearing is calculated as net borrowings divided by total equity. Total borrowings are calculated as total bank borrowings, bills payables and lease liabilities representing the lease of motor vehicles from financial institutions as disclosed in Notes 18, 19 and 22 to the financial statements respectively. Net borrowings are calculated as total borrowings less cash and bank balances as disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022

## 38.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, FINANCIAL RISKS AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (c) Capital risk management policies and objectives (Continued)

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Total borrowings  33,182  33,792  Total equity  69,108  59,103  Gross gearing (times)  0.48  0.57  Net borrowings  15,533  22,662  Total equity  69,108  59,103  Net gearing (times)  0.22  0.38   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39 EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING DATE

On  3  June  2022,  a  customer  of  the  Group's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  KWC  called  the  performance  bond amounting to $1,200,000 in relation to a contract for the air-conditioning mechanical ventilation works and other related works (the 'Contract') entered into between KWC and the customer (the 'Bond').

On 7 June 2022, KWC made an application to the High Court of Singapore for an injunction on the call on the Bond (the 'Injunction Application'). As at the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the final hearing for the Injunction Application has yet to take place (the 'Hearing').

In assessing whether the Group needs to record any probable liabilities in respect of the call on the Bond, Management estimated the value of the remaining outstanding works and other potential obligations under the  Contract  and  made  a  provision  amounting  to  $300,000  as  at  31  March  2022  (Note  24).  In  addition, Management had also engaged an independent lawyer to contest the call on the bond as KWC has reasonable grounds to dispute the call on the Bond.

Based on the above assessment, Management has made the judgement that, as at 31 March 2022, no probable liabilities need to be made pending the outcome of the Hearing.

## 40.  AUTHORISATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Group, statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 8 July 2022.

## SHAREHOLDINGS STATISTICS

As at 17 June 2022

Issued and fully paid share capital :

S$53,797,271

Number of Issued Shares :

698,353,740

Class of Shares :

Ordinary Shares

Voting Rights

:

1 vote per share

No. of treasury shares and subsidiary holdings held :

Nil

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 17 JUNE 2022

| Size of Shareholdings  No. of Shareholders  %  No. of Shares  %  1 - 99  3  0.20  38  0.00  100 - 1,000  67  4.38  50,510  0.01  1,001 - 10,000  296  19.33  2,028,704  0.29  10,001 - 1,000,000  1,116  72.89  131,153,589  18.78  1,000,001 and above  49  3.20  565,120,899  80.92  Total  1,531  100.00  698,353,740  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN HANDS OF THE PUBLIC

As at 17 June 2022, approximately 48.0% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company is held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual is complied with.

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 17 JUNE 2022

| No.  No. of Shareholders  No. of Shares  %  1  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE) LIMITED  158,013,500  22.63  2  CHUA KIM HUA  87,876,638  12.58  3  CHUA ENG ENG  66,923,812  9.58  4  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  48,278,000  6.91  5  CHUA HAI KUEY  44,495,352  6.37  6  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  16,975,900  2.43  7  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  16,814,000  2.41  8  SOME YEW PEW  9,419,100  1.35  9  LIONG KIAM TECK OR PHAN FONG YING  8,317,000  1.19  10  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  7,563,800  1.08  11  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  7,119,200  1.02  12  ANG JUI KHOON  5,265,700  0.76  13  XING YUXIANG  5,229,000  0.75  14  ESTATE OF ONG TZE KING, DECEASED  5,221,667  0.75  15  NG THIAN SAI  4,937,500  0.71  16  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED  4,757,700  0.68  17  TOH SONG TAR (ZHUO SONGDA)  4,598,900  0.66  18  LIM &amp; TAN SECURITIES PTE LTD  4,068,200  0.58  19  ALLPLUS HOLDINGS PTE LTD  3,900,000  0.56  20  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  3,852,200  0.55  TOTAL  513,627,169  73.55   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHAREHOLDINGS STATISTICS

As at 17 June 2022

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 17 JUNE 2022 AS RECORDED IN THE REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

| Number of Ordinary Shares  Name of Substantial Shareholder  Direct  Interest  Deemed  Interest  Total  %  Mui Hia Holding Limited  153,750,000  -  153,750,000  22.02  Ganoktip Siriviriyakul  (1)  -  153,750,000  153,750,000  22.02  Chua Kim Hua  88,226,638  -  88,226,638  12.63  Chua Eng Eng  73,153,812  -  73,153,812  10.48  Chua Hai Kuey  44,495,352  -  44,495,352  6.37   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:-

(1) Ms Ganoktip Siriviriyakul is deemed to be interested in the shares held by Mui Hia Holding Limited by virtue of her 100% shareholding interest in Mui Hia Holding Limited.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of King Wan Corporation Limited ('the Company') will be held via electronic means on Friday, 29 July 2022 at 10:00 a.m. to transact the following businesses:-

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  Statement  and  Audited  Financial  Statements  for  the financial year ended 31 March 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon. Resolution 1
2. To  re-elect  Mr  Chua  Kim  Hua,  who  is  retiring  in  accordance  with  Regulation  115  of  the Company's Constitution, as a Director of the Company. Resolution 2

[See Explanatory Note(i)]

3. To re-elect Mr Tang Siew Foo David, who is retiring in accordance with Regulation 115 of the Company's Constitution, as a Director of the Company. Resolution 3

[Mr Tang Siew Foo David shall, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remains as Chairman of the Audit and Nominating Committees, as well as member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr Tang Siew Foo David shall be considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST '). There are no relationships (including immediate family relationships) between Mr Tang Siew Foo David and the other Directors of the Company, the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, which may affect his independence.]

[See Explanatory Note(i)]

4. To approve the Directors' fees of $272,000 for the financial year ending 31 March 2023 (2022: $172,000), payable quarterly in arrears. Resolution 4
5. To re-appoint BDO LLP as independent auditor of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix its remuneration. Resolution 5

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass with or without any modifications, the following resolution as Ordinary Resolution:

## 6. Proposed Share Issue Mandate

'That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 and the listing rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- (a) (i) allot and issue shares in the Company ('shares') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make  or  grant  offers,  agreements  or  options  (collectively,  ' Instruments ')  that might or would require shares to be issued, including but not limited to the creation and  issue  of  (as  well  as  adjustments  to)  options,  warrants,  debentures  or  other instruments convertible into shares,

at  any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

Resolution 6

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

## provided that:

- (1) the  aggregate  number  of  shares  (including  shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed fifty per cent. (50%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  sub-paragraph  (2)  below),  of  which  the  aggregate number of shares and Instruments to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company shall not exceed twenty per cent. (20%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject  to  such  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  the  SGX-ST)  for  the  purpose  of determining the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) shall be based on the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
4. (b) new  shares  arising  from  exercising  share  options  or  vesting  of  share  awards, provided that such share options or share awards were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the listing rules of the SGX-ST; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of shares;

and, in sub-paragraph (1) above and this sub-paragraph (2), 'subsidiary holdings' has the meaning given to it in the listing rules of the SGX-ST;

Adjustments  in  accordance  with  sub-paragraph  (2)(a)  or  sub-paragraph  (2)(b)  above are only to be made in respect of new shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution.

- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the listing rules of the SGX-ST for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution of the Company; and
- (4) unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a  general  meeting,  such  authority  shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held whichever is earlier.'

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## 7. Proposed renewal of Share Purchase Mandate of the Company

'That

- (a) for  the  purposes  of  Sections  76C  and  76E  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  (the  'Act'),  the exercise by the Directors of the Company of all the powers of the Company to purchase or otherwise acquire ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the 'Shares') not exceeding in aggregate the Prescribed Limit (as hereafter defined), at such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time up to the Maximum Purchase Price (as hereafter defined), whether by way of:-
- (i) market purchases (each a 'Market Purchase') on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST'); and/or
- (ii) off-market purchases (each an 'Off-Market Purchase') effected otherwise than on the SGX-ST in accordance with any equal access schemes as may be determined or formulated by the Directors of the Company as they consider fit, which schemes shall satisfy all the conditions prescribed by the Act,

and otherwise in accordance with all other laws, regulations and rules of the SGX-ST as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally (the 'Share Purchase Mandate');

- (b) unless varied or revoked by the Company in general meeting, the authority conferred on the Directors of the Company pursuant to the Share Purchase Mandate may be exercised by the Directors at any time and from time to time during the period commencing from the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earlier of:
- (i) the date on which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is held; or
- (ii) the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held;
- (c) in this Resolution:

'Average Closing Market Price' means the average of the closing market prices of the Shares  over  the  last  five  (5)  market  days,  on  which  transactions  in  the  Shares  were recorded, before the day on which the Shares Purchases are made or, as the case may be, the date of the making of the offer pursuant to the Off-Market Purchase pursuant to the equal access scheme, and deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs after the 5-day period;

'Date of the making of the offer' means the date on which the Company announces its intention to make an offer for the purchase or acquisition of the Shares on an equal access scheme, stating the purchase price (which shall not be more than the Maximum Purchase Price calculated on the foregoing basis) for each Share and the relevant terms of the equal access scheme for effecting the Off-Market Purchase;

Resolution 7

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

'Maximum Purchase Price' in relation to a Share to be purchased means an amount that includes  any  expenses  (including  brokerage,  commission  and  other  related  expenses), incurred directly in the purchase by the Company of its own shares which shall not exceed,

- (i) in  the  case  of  a  Market  Purchase, one hundred and five per cent. (105%) of the Average Closing Market Price (as defined hereinafter); and
- (ii) in the case of an Off-Market Purchase pursuant to an equal access scheme, one hundred  and  twenty  per  cent.  (120%)  of  the  Average  Closing  Market  Price  (as defined hereinafter),

'Prescribed Limit' means ten per cent. (10%) of the issued Shares of the Company as at the date of passing of this Resolution;

- (d) the Directors of the Company and/or any of them be and are hereby authorised to deal with the Shares purchased by the Company, pursuant to the Share Purchase Mandate in any manner as may be permitted under the Act; and
- (e) the  Directors  of  the  Company  and/or  any  of  them  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to complete and do all such acts and things (including executing such documents as may be required) as they and/or he may consider expedient or necessary to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Resolution.'

[See Explanatory Note(iii)]

8. To  transact  any  other  business  which  may  be  properly  transacted  at  an  Annual  General Meeting.

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Detailed information on Messrs Chua Kim Hua and Tang Siew Foo David can be found under the sections entitled  'Board  of  Directors',  'Corporate  Governance  Report'  and  'Directors'  Statement'  of  the  Company's Annual Report 2022. Please also refer to the section entitled 'Additional Information on Directors Seeking for Re-Election' of the Company's Annual Report 2022 for the detailed information of Messrs Chua Kim Hua and  Tang  Siew  Foo  David  as  required  pursuant  to  Rule  720(6)  of  the  listing  rules  of  Singapore  Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').
- (ii) The proposed Resolution 6 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in  a  general  meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue shares, make or grant instruments convertible into shares and to issue shares pursuant to such instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, fifty per cent. (50%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any) in the capital of the Company, of which up to twenty per cent. (20%) may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders.
- (iii) The proposed Resolution 7 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to repurchase (whether by way of Market Purchases or Off-Market Purchases on an equal access scheme) from time to time of up to 10 per cent. (10%) of the total number of issued ordinary shares excluding any shares which are held as treasury shares and subsidiary holdings, if any, by the Company at prices up to but not exceeding the Maximum Purchase Price.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## By Order Of the Board

Catherine Lim Siok Ching Company Secretary

Date: 14 July 2022

## Notes :

- a) A Shareholder (including a relevant intermediary*) entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting (the 'AGM') must appoint Chairman of the AGM to act as proxy and direct the vote at the AGM.
- b) The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must be under the hand of the appointor or on his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or duly authorised officer, failing which the instrument of proxy may be treated as invalid.
- c) A corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore.
- d) In the case of joint shareholders, all holders must sign the form of proxy.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## IMPORTANT NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS

The AGM is being convened, and will be held, only by electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020. Printed copies of this Notice, Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 (the 'Annual Report'), the proxy form and the Addendum to the Annual Report dated 14 July 2022 will not be sent to Shareholders. Instead, these documents will be made available on SGX website at the URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's corporate website at the URL: https://www.kingwan.com/.

Alternative arrangements relating to, among others, attendance at the AGM by way of electronic means (including arrangements by which the AGM can be electronically accessed via live audio-visual  webcast  or  live  audio-only stream), submission of questions in advance of the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions prior to, or at the AGM and/or voting by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy at the AGM, are set out below.

Due  to  the  current  COVID-19  situation  and  the  related  elevated  safe  distancing  measures  in  Singapore,  a Shareholder (including a relevant intermediary * ) will not be able to attend the AGM in person. A Shareholder (whether individual or corporate) must appoint the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM if such Shareholder wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM.

* Pursuant  to  Section  181  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore,  any  shareholder  who  is  a  relevant intermediary is  required  to  appoint  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM.  Relevant intermediary is either:
- (i) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or its wholly-owned subsidiary which provides nominee services and holds shares in that capacity;
- (ii) a capital market services license holder which provides custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and holds in that capacity; or
- (iii) the Central Provident Fund ('CPF') Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953, in respect of shares purchased on behalf of CPF investors.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Shareholders may participate at the AGM by taking note of the following steps:

## 1. Registration for Live Webcast

A Shareholder will be able to follow the proceedings of the AGM through a live audio-visual webcast or live audio-only  stream  (collectively,  'Live  Webcast')  via  mobile  phone,  tablet,  computer  or  any  such  electronic device.

In  order  to  do  so,  a  Shareholder  must  pre-register  no  later  than  10.00  a.m.  on  26  July  2022  ('Registration Deadline'),  at  the  URL: https://conveneagm.com/sg/kingwan2022 for  authentication  of  their  status  as Shareholders.

Shareholders  who  have  been  authenticated  will  receive  email  instructions  to  access  the  Live  Webcast of  the  proceedings  of  the  AGM  by  28  July  2022.  Shareholders  who  have  registered  by  the  Registration Deadline  but  did  not  receive  email  instructions  by  28  July  2022  may  contact  the  Company  by  email  at agm.2022@kingwan.com.sg for assistance.

Shareholders  must  not  forward  the  abovementioned  email  instructions  to  other  persons  who  are  not Shareholders and who are not entitled to attend the AGM. This is also to avoid any technical disruptions or overload to the Live Webcast.

Investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act, including CPF and SRS Investors, and wish to participate in the AGM should, in addition to pre-registering, approach their respective agents, including CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators, as soon as possible so that the necessary arrangements can be made by the relevant agents for their participation in the AGM.

## 2. Shareholders' Queries

Shareholders will not be able to speak or ask questions during the Live Webcast, therefore it is important for them to submit their questions in advance of the AGM.

All questions must be submitted no later than 10.00 a.m. on 21 July 2022 to the Company:

- (a) via the pre-registration website at the URL: https://conveneagm.com/sg/kingwan2022 ;
- (b) mail to the Company's registered office at 8 Sungei Kadut Loop Singapore 729455; or
- (c) via email to agm.2022@kingwan.com.sg .

For verification purpose, when submitting any questions by post or via email, Shareholders MUST provide the Company with their particulars (comprising full name (for individuals) / company name (for corporates), email address, contact number, NRIC / passport number / company registration number, shareholding type and number of shares held).

The Company will endeavour to address substantial queries relevant to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM as received from Shareholders by way of an announcement to be released on SGXNet and on the Company's website by 24 July 2022. The minutes of the AGM, which include responses to substantial queries from the Shareholders which are addressed during the AGM, shall thereafter be published on SGX website, within one (1) month from the conclusion of the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act, including CPF and SRS Investors, can submit their questions in relation to any resolution set out in the Notice of AGM upon pre-registration, however, they should, in addition to pre-registering, approach their respective agents, including CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators, as soon as possible, so that the necessary arrangements can be made by the relevant agents for their participation in the AGM.

## 3. Proxy Voting

A Shareholder (including a relevant intermediary) will not be able to attend the AGM physically in person. If a Shareholder (whether individual or corporate) wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the AGM, he/she/it must appoint the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/ its behalf at the AGM. The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy has been uploaded together with this Notice of AGM on SGX website on the same day.

Shareholders (whether individual or corporate) appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must give specific instructions as to his/her/its manner of voting, or abstentions from voting, in the proxy form, failing which the appointment will be treated as invalid.

The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must be submitted to the Company in the following manner:

- (a) if by post, to the Registered Office Address of the Company, at 8 Sungei Kadut Loop Singapore 729455 (Opening Hours is 9am to 5.30pm, Mondays to Fridays (excluding Public Holidays); or
- (b) if sent by email to agm.2022@kingwan.com.sg ,

in either case, not less than 72 hours before the time for holding the AGM and at any adjournment thereof.

A Shareholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download the proxy form, which is available on SGX website at the URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above. In view of the current COVID-19 situation and the related safe distancing measures which may make it difficult for Shareholders to submit competed proxy forms by post, Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.

Investors who hold shares through relevant intermediaries as defined in Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act, including CPF and SRS Investors, and wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, should approach their respective agents, including CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators, to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5:00 p.m. on 19 July 2022) in order to allow sufficient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf by the cut-off date.

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy).

In the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, a Depositor's name must appear on the Depository Register maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited as at 72 hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM in order for the Depositor to be entitled to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy.

The Annual Report has been uploaded on SGX website on 14 July 2022.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

IMPORTANT NOTICE :  Due to the evolving COVID-19 situation in Singapore, the Company may change the AGM arrangements at short notice. The Company will announce any changes to the holding or conduct of the AGM via the SGX website. Shareholders are advised to check the SGX website regularly for updates on the AGM.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By (a) submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to attend and vote at the AGM and/ or any adjournment thereof, or (b) submitting details for the registration to observe the proceedings of the AGM via Live Webcast, or (c) submitting any question prior to the AGM in accordance with this Notice, a Shareholder consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the Shareholder's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the following purposes:

- (i) processing and administration by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of proxy forms appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof);
- (ii) processing of the registration for purpose of granting access to Shareholders (or their corporate representatives in the case of Shareholders which are legal entities) to the Live Webcast to observe the proceedings of the AGM and providing them with any technical assistance where necessary;
- (iii) addressing substantial and relevant questions from Shareholders received before the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant Shareholders in relation to such questions;
- (iv) preparation and compilation of the attendance list, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof); and
- (v) enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities.

Photographic, sound and/or video recordings of the AGM may be made by the Company for record keeping and to ensure the accuracy of the minutes prepared of the AGM. Accordingly, the personal data of a member (such as his name, his presence at the AGM and any questions he may raise or motions he propose/second) may be recorded by the Company for such purpose.

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING FOR RE-ELECTION

Mr.  Chua  Kim  Hua  and  Mr.  Tang  Siew  Foo  David  are  the  Directors  seeking  re-election  at  the  annual  general meeting of the Company on 29 July 2022.

Pursuant to Rule 720(6) of the SGX-ST Listing Manual, the information relating to Mr. Chua Kim Hua and Mr. Tang Siew Foo David as set out in Appendix 7.4.1. of the SGX-ST Listing Manual is as follows:

| Name of Director  Chua Kim Hua  Tang Siew Foo David  Date of appointment  8 February 2000  30 November 2018  Date of last re-appointment (if applicable)  30 July 2019  30 July 2019  Age  82  60  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The Board's comments on this appointment  (including rationale, selection criteria, board  diversity considerations and the search and  nomination process)  The Board has  considered the  Nominating Committee's  recommendation and  assessment of Mr. Chua  Kim Hua's qualifications,  experience, contribution  and performance, and  is satisfied that he will  continue to contribute  relevant knowledge, skills  and experience to the  Board.  The Board has  considered the  Nominating Committee's  recommendation  and assessment of  Mr. Tang Siew Foo  David's qualifications,  experience, contribution  and performance, and  is satisfied that he will  continue to contribute  relevant knowledge, skills  and experience to the  Board.  The Board considers  Mr. Tang as independent  pursuant to Rule 704(8) of  the SGX-ST Listing Manual.  Whether the appointment is executive, and if so,  the area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Non-Executive  Job title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman, AC Member  etc.)  Non-Executive Chairman  Nominating Committee  Member  Lead Independent Non-  Executive Director  Audit Committee Chairman  Nominating Committee  Chairman  Remunderation Committee  Member  Professional qualifications  N.A.  a)  Bachelor of Business  Administration,  National University of  Singapore  b)  Fellow, Institute of  Banking and Finance  c)  Associate of the  Chartered Institute of  Bankers, London   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING FOR RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Chua Kim Hua  Tang Siew Foo David  Working experience and occupation(s) during the  past 10 years  a)  Present : Non-Executive  Chairman, King Wan  Corporation Limited  b)  Feb 2020 to Jun 2022 :  Executive Chairman,  King Wan Corporation  Limited  a)  Present : Independent  Director, King Wan  Corporation Limited  b)  April 2010 to April  2018: Senior Business  Head, Global  Commerical Banking,  Oversea-Chinese  Corporation Limited  Shareholding interest in the listed issuer and its  subsidiaries  Direct interest : 88,226,638  shares of the Company  Nil  Any relationship (including immediate family  relationships) with any existing director, existing  executive officer, the issuer and/or substantial  shareholder of the listed issuer or of any of its  principal subsidiaries  a)  Brother of Chua Hai  Kuey (Director)  b)  Father of Chua Eng Eng  (Director)  N.A.  Conflict of interest (including any competing  business)  Nil  Nil  Undertaking (in the format set out in Appendix 7.7)  under Rule 720(1) has been submitted to the listed  issuer  Yes  Yes  Other principal commitments including  directorships  Present:  Past (for the last 5 years):  King Wan Group of  Companies  Xylem Investments Pte Ltd  Chua Kim Hua Investments  Pte Ltd  Singapore Wonder Foods  Pte Ltd  Nil  Nil  Disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank. If the answer to any question is 'yes', full details must be given.  (a)  Whether at any time during the last 10  years, an application or a petition under any  bankruptcy law of any jurisdiction was filed  against him or against a partnership of which  he was a partner at the time when he was a  partner or at any time within 2 years from the  date he ceased to be a partner?  No  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING FOR RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Chua Kim Hua  Tang Siew Foo David  (b)  Whether at any time during the last 10 years,  an application or a petition under any law of  any jurisdiction was filed against an entity  (not being a partnership) of which he was  a director or an equivalent person or a key  executive, at the time when he was a director  or an equivalent person or a key executive  of that entity or at any time within 2 years  from the date he ceased to be a director or an  equivalent person or a key executive of that  entity, for the winding up or dissolution of  that entity or, where that entity is the trustee  of a business trust, that business trust, on the  ground of insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether there is any unsatisfied judgment  against him?  No  No  (d)  Whether he has ever been convicted of any  offence, in Singapore or elsewhere, involving  fraud or dishonesty which is punishable with  imprisonment, or has been the subject of any  criminal proceedings (including any pending  criminal proceedings of which he is aware) for  such purpose?  No  No  (e)  Whether he has ever been convicted of any  offence, in Singapore or elsewhere, involving  a breach of any law or regulatory requirement  that relates to the securities or futures industry  in Singapore or elsewhere, or has been the  subject of any criminal proceedings (including  any pending criminal proceedings of which he  is aware) for such breach?  No  No  (f)  Whether at any time during the last 10 years,  judgment has been entered against him in any  civil proceedings in Singapore or elsewhere  involving a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement that relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore or elsewhere,  or a finding of fraud, misrepresentation or  dishonesty on his part, or he has been the  subject of any civil proceedings (including  any pending civil proceedings of which he  is aware) involving an allegation of fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on his part?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING FOR RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Chua Kim Hua  Tang Siew Foo David  (g)  Whether he has ever been convicted in  Singapore or elsewhere of any offence in  connection with the formation or management  of any entity or business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether he has ever been disqualified from  acting as a director or an equivalent person of  any entity (including the trustee of a business  trust), or from taking part directly or indirectly  in the management of any entity or business  trust?  No  No  (i)  Whether he has ever been the subject of  any order, judgment or ruling of any court,  tribunal or governmental body, permanently  or temporarily enjoining him from engaging in  any type of business practice or activity?  No  No  (j)  Whether he has ever, to his knowledge, been  concerned with the management or conduct,  in Singapore or elsewhere, of the affairs of:  (i)  any corporation which has been  investigated for a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement governing  corporations in Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (ii)  any entity (not being a corporation) which  has been investigated for a breach of any  law or regulatory requirement governing  such entities in Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (iii)  any business trust which has been  investigated for a breach of any law  or regulatory requirement governing  business trusts in Singapore or elsewhere;  or  No  No  (iv)  any entity or business trust which has been  investigated for a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement that relates to the  securities or futures industry in Singapore  or elsewhere,  No  No  in connection with any matter occurring or  arising during that period when he was so  concerned with the entity or business trust?  (k)  Whether he has been the subject of any  current or past investigation or disciplinary  proceedings, or has been reprimanded or  issued any warning, by the Monetary Authority  of Singapore or any other regulatory authority,  exchange, professional body or government  agency, whether in Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## KING WAN CORPORATION LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No.: 200001034R)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## IMPORTANT:

1. The  Annual  General  Meeting  (the  'AGM')  is  being  convened  and  will  be  held  by  electronic  means pursuant  to  the  COVID-19  (Temporary  Measures)  (Alternative  Arrangements  for  Meetings  for Companies,  Variable  Capital  Companies,  Business  Trusts,  Unit  Trusts  and  Debenture  Holders) Order  2020.  The  Notice  of  Meeting  has  been  published  on  14  July  2022  on  the  SGX  website  at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.
2. Alternative arrangements relating to, among others, attendance at the AGM by way of electronic means via  live  audio-visual  webcast  or  live  audio-only  stream  (collectively  ' Live  Webcast '),  submission  of questions in advance of the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions at the Company's virtual information session and/or the AGM and/ or voting by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy at the AGM, are set out in the accompanying section entitled 'Important Notice to Shareholders' of the Notice of AGM. For the avoidance of doubt, the aforesaid section is circulated together with and forms part of the Notice of AGM in respect of the AGM.
3. In  view  of  the  measures  in  place  due  to  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  Shareholders  (including  relevant intermediaries)  will  not  be  able  to  attend  the  AGM  in  person.  If  a  Shareholder  (whether  individual  or corporate) wishes to exercise voting rights at the AGM, such Shareholder must appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM.
4. For investors who have used CPF monies (' CPF Investors ') and/or SRS monies (' SRS Investors ') to buy the Company's shares, this Proxy Form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes.
5. CPF and/or SRS Investors who wish to vote should contact their CPF and/or SRS Approved Nominees to submit voting instructions by 5:00 p.m. on 19 July 2022.
6. By submitting this Proxy Form, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM.
7. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia , the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as a member's proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the Meeting.

I/We                      NRIC/Passport No./ Registration No.

of being a member(s) of King Wan Corporation Limited (the 'Company'), hereby appoint the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting as  * my/our proxy to attend, speak and to vote for  * me/us on  * my/our behalf at the Annual General Meeting of the Company ('AGM') to be held by way of electronic means on Friday, 29 July 2022 at 10:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

* I/We direct the Chairman of the AGM, being  * my/our proxy, to vote for or against, or abstain from voting on the Ordinary Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder.

In the absence of specific directions in respect of a resolution, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

| No.  Resolutions  For **  Against **  Abstain **  1  To receive and adopt the Directors' Statements, Audited Financial Statements  and Auditors' Report for the financial year ended 31 March 2022  2  To re-elect Mr Chua Kim Hua as Director  3  To re-elect Mr Tang Siew Foo David as Director  4  To approve the Directors' fees for the financial year ending 31 March 2023,  payable quarterly in arrears  5  To  re-appoint  BDO  LLP  as  Auditor  of  the  Company  and  to  authorise  the  Directors to fix its remuneration.  6  To authorise the Directors to allot and issue shares  7  To approve the proposed renewal of Share Purchase Mandate of the Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

* Delete where inapplicable accordingly
- **   Voting will be conducted by poll. If you wish the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' the relevant resolution, please mark an 'X' in the relevant box provided in respect of that resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes 'For' or 'Against' in the relevant box provided in respect of that resolution. If you mark an 'X' in the abstain box for a particular resolution, you are directing your proxy, who is the Chairman of the AGM, not to vote on that resolution.

Dated this      day of          2022

Signature(s) of member(s) or common seal

Total number of Shares held

Fold along dotted line

Fold along dotted line

## NOTES:

1. Please insert the total number of shares in the capital of the Company (' Shares ') held by you. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), you should insert that number of Shares. If you have Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert that number of Shares. If you have Shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and Shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of Shares. If no number is inserted, this instrument of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by you.
2. Due to the current Covid-19 restriction orders in Singapore, a member will not be able to attend the Meeting in person. A member (whether individual or corporate) may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the Annual General Meeting if such member wishes to exercise his/her/its voting rights at the Meeting. This proxy form is available on the SGX website.

Where a member (whether individual or corporate) appoints the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy, he/she/it must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in respect of a resolution in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

3. Any member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting to attend, speak and vote (whether to vote in favour of, or against, or to abstain from voting). Relevant intermediary is either: (i) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 or its wholly-owned subsidiary which provides nominee services and holds shares in that capacity;
2. (ii) a capital market services license holder which provides custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 and holds in that capacity; or
3. (iii) the Central Provident Fund ('CPF') Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953, in respect of shares purchased on behalf of CPF investors.
4.   The Chairman of the AGM, as proxy, need not be a member of the Company.
5.   The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, together with the power of attorney or other authority under which it is signed (if applicable) or a notarial certified copy thereof, must:
6. (a) if by post, to the Registered Office Address of the Company, at 8 Sungei Kadut Loop Singapore 729455 (Opening Hours is 9am to 5.30pm, Mondays to Fridays (excluding Public Holidays); or
7. (b) if sent by email to: agm.2022@kingwan.com.sg .
8. in either case, not less than 72 hours before the time for holding the AGM and at any adjournment thereof and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.
9. A member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by hand or by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.
10. In view of the current COVID-19 situation, members are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.
6. The instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy must be under the hand of the appointor or his/her attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by an attorney duly authorised in writing or by an authorised officer of the corporation, failing which the instrument of proxy may be treated as invalid.
12. Where an instrument appointing the Chairman of the Meeting as proxy is signed on behalf of the appointer by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
7. A corporation which is a member may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM.
8. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy. In addition, in the case of members whose Shares are entered against their names in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy lodged if such members are not shown to have shares entered against their names in the Depository Register at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appointed for holding the Meeting as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
9. For investors who have used their CPF monies ('CPF Investor') and/or SRS monies ('SRS Investor') (as may be applicable) to buy Shares, this proxy form is not valid for their use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF Investors and/or SRS Investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to act as their proxy should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5.00 p.m. on 19 July 2022).

## Personal Data Privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 14 July 2022.

To: The Company Secretary KING WAN CORPORATION LIMITED 8 Sungei Kadut Loop Singapore 729455

Postage Stamp

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Board of Directors

Chua	Kim	Hua	(Non-Executive	Chairman) Chua	Eng	Eng	(Managing	Director) Chua	Hai	Kuey	(Executive	Director) Siraarpa	Siriviriyakul Tang	Siew	Foo	David Teo	Ho	Pin

## Lead Independent Director

Tang	Siew	Foo	David

## Audit Committee

Tang	Siew	Foo	David	(Chairman) Siraarpa	Siriviriyakul Teo	Ho	Pin

## Remuneration Committee

Teo	Ho	Pin	(Chairman) Siraarpa	Siriviriyakul Tang	Siew	Foo	David

## Nominating Committee

Tang	Siew	Foo	David	(Chairman) Chua	Kim	Hua Siraarpa	Siriviriyakul

## Company Secretary

Lim	Siok	Ching	Catherine,	ACS,	ACG

## Registered Office

8	Sungei	Kadut	Loop Singapore	729455 Tel:	65-6368	4300 Fax:	65-6365	7675

E-mail:	kwc@kingwan.com.sg

Website:	www.kingwan.com

## Auditors

BDO LLP Public	Accountants	and Chartered	Accountants Singapore 600	North	Bridge	Road #23-01	Parkview	Square Singapore	188778

## Partner-In-Charge

Poh Chin Beng (Appointed	since	the	financial	year ended	31	March	2021)

## Share Registrar

M	&amp;	C	Services	Private	Limited 112	Robinson	Road #05-01 Singapore	068902

## Bankers

Bangkok	Bank	Public	Company	Limited CIMB Bank Berhad DBS	Bank	Ltd Oversea-Chinese	Banking	Corporation	Limited Standard	Chartered	Bank	(Singapore)	Limited United	Overseas	Bank	Limited

<!-- image -->

8	Sungei	Kadut	Loop Singapore	729455

+65	6368	4300

T

+65	6365	7675

F

E kwc@kingwan.com.sg