<!-- image -->

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability) Stock Code: 1195

<!-- image -->

## Contents

| Corporate Information  02  Financial Results  03  Chairman's Statement  04  Management Discussion and Analysis  05  Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management  12  Corporate Governance Report  14  Report of the Directors  26  Independent Auditor's Report  40  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  47  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  49  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  51  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  52  Notes to Financial Statements  54  Five Year Financial Summary  125   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## DIRECTORS

Mu Dongsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Du Yun Cheung Chuen* Ling Aiwen* Lu Lin*

*

Independent Non-executive Director

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Poon Yan Wai

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mu Dongsheng Poon Yan Wai

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Ling Aiwen (Chairman) Cheung Chuen Lu Lin

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Ling Aiwen (Chairman) Mu Dongsheng Cheung Chuen

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mu Dongsheng (Chairman) Ling Aiwen Lu Lin

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

Lu Lin (Chairman) Ling Aiwen Cheung Chuen

## LEGAL ADVISOR FOR CAYMAN ISLANDS LAW

Conyers Dill &amp; Pearman

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

Units 314-315 Wing On Plaza 62 Mody Road Tsim Sha Tsui East Kowloon, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Suntera (Cayman) Limited Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3 Building D, P.O. Box 1586 Grand Cayman KY1-1110 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Hong Kong Registrars Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong

## TRADING CODE ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED

1195

## WEBSITE

http://kingwell.todayir.com

- Revenue for the Year decreased to approximately RMB33.0 million.
- Gross profit for the Year was approximately RMB11.7 million.
- Loss before tax for the Year increased to approximately RMB13.1 million.
- Loss for the Year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB10.8 million.
- Total comprehensive loss for the Year attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB2.7 million.
- Basic loss per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company was RMB0.37 cents.
- Total equity of the Group increased to RMB146.4 million.

## Financial Results

## Chairman's Statement

## Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the 'Board') of directors (the 'Directors') of Kingwell Group Limited ('Kingwell' or the 'Company'), I am presenting the financial report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 30 June 2022 (the 'Year').

The property management business in Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the People's Republic of China (the 'PRC'), will enhance the  Group's  expertise  in  the  daily  management  of  properties  in  the  PRC,  enabling  the  Group  to  improve  the  quality  of  the property  management  at  the  Group's  property  development  project.  The  property  management  business  in  Xuzhou  City  is implementing  the  precautionary  measures  against  Covid-19  pandemic  to  protect  our  staff  and  customers.  The  Group  will enhance the management services and provide the tailor-made services to our customers in Xuzhou.

In addition, the Group had 519 units parking lots and 3 blocks of 3-storey commercial buildings in the Xuzhou Yueqiao Flower Garden  Project # （徐州月橋花院項目） ,  Xuzhou  City,  the  PRC.  The  Group  expects  that  the  Xuzhou  properties  and  property management business will continue contributing positive contribution to the Group.

During  the  Year,  the  Group  completed  the  acquisition  of  51%  of  equity  interests  in  each  of  Shenzhen  Hailian  Property Management  Co.,  Ltd. # （深圳市海聯物業有限公司） ('Shenzhen  Hailian')  and  Huizhou  Huiyang  Peninsula  One  Property Management Co., Ltd # （惠州市惠陽半島壹號物業管理有限公司） ('Huizhou Huiyang'). Shenzhen Hailian and Huizhou Huiyang provide the property management services in Shenzhen and Huizhou, and have 864 units parking lots in Huizhou, in which, the size of the property under management are approximately 3,050,000 square meters in aggregate. The property management portfolio and geographic layout of property management business of the Group will be expanded from Xuzhou to Huizhou and Shenzhen, which are both located in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (the 'Great Bay Area'). According to  the  Outline  Development Plan for the Greater Bay Area # （粵港澳大灣區發展規劃綱要） issued by The State Council of the People's Republic of China in February 2019, both Huizhou and Shenzhen are the cities that have become the focus of the future development of the Great Bay Area. Therefore, the Group believes that Huizhou and Shenzhen have growth potential. In addition, the acquisition is expected to significantly improve the property management scale and the source of revenue of the Group.

There are only remaining few inventories for sales in the property development project 'Anlu Taihe Paradise' in Anlu City, Hubei Province in the PRC, which is developed by Anlu Taihe Real Estate Development Company #  ('Anlu Taihe') （安陸泰合房地產開發 有限公司） . The Group does not expect Anlu Taihe will contribute significant income in the future.

As for the gold mining business, the Group will continue to sign the contract with the outsourcing contractor in the coming years. Also, the Group will also invite and negotiate with the other outsourcing contractors in the coming year. The Group would like to obtain the better terms with outsourcing contractors. Due to the Russia-Ukraine war and the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group does not expect the Russia gold mine will contribute significant income in 2023.

Finally,  I  would  like  to  express  my  greatest  gratitude  to  the  Board,  management  and  staff  of  the  Group  for  their  strenuous contribution in the past year. Furthermore, I would also like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their continuous support and trust. I believe all members of the Group will dedicate their best effort to drive business growth and to deliver enhanced returns to shareholders.

## Mu Dongsheng

Chairman

## Hong Kong, 29 September 2022

# English name is for identification only

## Results

For  the  Year,  revenue  of  the  Group  amounted  to  approximately  RMB32,957,000  (2021:  RMB34,246,000),  representing a  decrease  by  approximately  3.8%  as  compared  with  last  year.  The  decrease  in  revenue  was  mainly  due  to  decrease  of contribution from sales of properties.

During the Year, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB11,702,000 (2021: RMB8,599,000) and loss before tax of approximately RMB13,128,000 (2021: RMB5,538,000) respectively. The increase in gross profit was mainly due to increase in gross profit from the property management services in relation to the acquired subsidiaries during the Year. The increase in loss before tax was mainly due to the provision for impairment of intangible assets occurred in the current year, details were set out in note 15 to the financial statements.

The loss attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was approximately RMB10,818,000 (2021: RMB6,381,000). Basic loss per share during the Year was RMB0.37 cents (2021: RMB0.22 cents).

## Business Review

## Property Development, Property Leasing and Property Management Services Business

The property development project 'Anlu Taihe Paradise' at Liang Ji Bei Road, Anlu Economic Development District in Anlu city, Hubei province in the PRC (Postal code 432600), is developed by Anlu Taihe and is wholly owned by the Group. The project comprises three phases, constructions were completed in 2007, 2009 and 2011 respectively, with a total gross floor area of approximately 272,568 square meters and are approved for residential and commercial composite uses. The land use rights of the properties have been granted for a term expiring on 22 August 2065.

The Group had its wholly owned subsidiaries of property management companies to provide the property management services such as Xuzhou Taihua Property Service Co., Ltd. #  ('Xuzhou Taihua') （徐州泰華物業管理有限公司） and Jiangsu Tianan Hongji Property Management Co., Ltd. #  ('Jiangsu Tianan Hongji') （江蘇天安鴻基物業管理有限公司） .

During  the  Year,  the  Group  completed  the  acquisition  of  51%  of  equity  interests  in  each  of  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Huizhou Huiyang.  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  the  Huizhou  Huiyang  provide  the  property  management  services  in  Shenzhen  and  Huizhou, and have 864 units parking lots in Huizhou, in which, the size of the property under management are approximately 3,050,000 square meters in aggregate.

Some of the properties are held by the Group as investment purpose to generate rental income. Properties held by the Group for investment purpose are classified as investment properties and stated at fair value as at 30 June 2022.

During  the  Year,  the  PRC  property  market  condition  was  more  difficult  as  compared  with  that  of  the  last  year.  The  Group expected the property management services in Xuzhou, Shenzhen and Huizhou would significantly improve property leasing and property management services business's scales and the source or revenue of the Group.

During  the  Year,  the  property  development,  property  leasing  and  property  management  services  segment  recorded  a  profit of  approximately RMB6,928,000 as compared to a profit of approximately RMB4,813,000 in 2021. As at 30 June 2022, the property  development,  property  leasing  and  property  management  services  business  had  segment  assets  of  approximately RMB161,085,000 (2021: RMB133,622,000) and segment liabilities of approximately RMB44,258,000 (2021: RMB34,714,000). The property development, property leasing and property management services shared 63% of the Group's total assets.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## Gold Mining Business

The  Group  owned  34,230  shares  ('51%  equity  interests')  of  Commerce  Prosper  Limited  and  investment  costs  was  US$13 million (RMB81.7 million). Commerce Prosper Limited owned 100% equity interests of Zolotoy Standart Limited (the 'Gold Mining Company'). The Gold Mining Company is a company established under the laws of Russian Federation with limited liability and currently operates and owns the legal and beneficial interest in a mining project related to the mine. With an aggregate mining area of about 309.3 square kilometres, the mine is operated by the Gold Mining Company and located in Molchan river, Zeyskiy region, Amur area, the Russian Federation. The Group has exploration and exploitation rights on the same area (BLG02398BR) with an expiry date on 31 December 2027.

Since  the  mining  area  is  too  large  and  the  rock  composition  in  the  northern  Molchan  region  is  complex,  the  Gold  Mining Company  planned  to  conduct  small  scale  production  prior  to  large  scale  exploitation,  which  is  common  for  all  the  mining exercise.  Due  to  the  Russia-Ukraine  war  and  the  Covid-19  pandemic,  most  of  the  Russian  labours  had  been  infected  and refused to go out for mining work. The Group had no choice but to temporarily suspend the mining operation in 2022. The Group expects the Covid-19 vaccines are stable and effective, and the Russia gold mine will resume the normal production in 2023. During the Year, the Group had sold the gold sand from the outsourcing contractor's production.

Given that the mining results this Year were still not good as expected, the management of the Group engaged an independent professional qualified valuer (the 'Valuer'), to assess the recoverable amount of the Russia gold mine as at 30 June 2022. The Valuer  then  compiled  a  valuation  report  (the  'Valuation  Report'),  explaining  the  valuation  methodology,  assumptions,  and  key parameters adopted.

In the Valuation Report, the Valuer adopted the excess earning method under the income approach to assess the recoverable amount of the mining and exploration rights and exploration and evaluation assets of the Russia gold mine. The valuation was prepared in consideration of the future profitability projected by the Russia gold mine.

The adopted gold price in the valuation ranged from USD1,865 per oz to USD2,033 per oz for the period from July 2023 to June 2028. These prices were made reference from the commodity price forecast extracted from Bloomberg as well as the expected US inflation rate from Oxford Economics.

The Valuer adopted a pre-tax discount rate of 38.99% to calculate the present value of the future expected excess earnings generated from the mining and exploration rights and exploration and evaluation assets as at the valuation date.

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## Gold Mining Business (Continued)

The  valuation  of  the  exploration  and  exploration  rights  and  exploration  and  evaluation  assets  requires  consideration  of  all pertinent factors, which may or may not affect the operation of the business and its ability to generate future investment returns. The factors considered in the valuation include, but are not necessarily limited to the following:

- The nature and prospect of the exploration and exploration rights and exploration and evaluation assets;
- The financial condition of the mine;
- The  economic  outlook  in  general  and  the  specific  economic  environment  and  market  elements  affecting  the  business, industry and market;
- Relevant licenses and agreements; and
- Investment returns of entities engaged in similar intangible assets.

The Gold Mining Company will continue to sign the contract with the outsourcing contractor in coming years. For the negotiation of the outsourcing contracts, the subcontractors will share 70% of the net profit for their portion of work while the Group will share the remaining 30%. For the operating costs, the Group expects that the cost will be paid by the subcontractors.

With  the  above  parameters  and  assumptions,  the  Valuer  estimated  in  their  Valuation  report  that  the  fair  value  of  the  mining and exploration rights and exploration and evaluation assets of the Russia gold mine as at 30 June 2022 was RMB41 million (approximately RUB331 million at the Russia official exchange rate 0.1237). During the Year, an impairment of RMB10,119,000 (2021:  Nil)  was  recognised  to  write  down  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  mining  and  exploration  right  to  RMB42,660,000 (RUB331,936,000 at the China official exchange rate 0.1285), details were set out in note 15 to the financial statements.

During  the  Year,  the  gold  mining  segment  recorded  a  loss  of  approximately  RMB343,000  as  compared  to  a  profit  of approximately  RMB398,000  in  2021.  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  gold  mining  business  had  segment  assets  of  approximately RMB48,102,000 (2021: RMB43,109,000) and segment liabilities of approximately RMB154,000 (2021: RMB290,000). The gold mining segment shared 19% of the Group's total assets. There was no dividend income from the gold mining segment during the Year.

## Geographic Information

Revenue from operations derived from sales to external customers located in Mainland China and Russia are RMB32,614,000 (2021: RMB31,298,000) and RMB343,000 (2021: RMB2,948,000) respectively.

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## Business Prospects

The property management business in Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC, will enhance the Group's expertise in the daily management of properties in the PRC, enabling the Group to improve the quality of the property management at the Group's property development project. The property management business in Xuzhou City are implementing the precautionary measures against Covid-19 pandemic to protect our staff and customers. The Group will enhance the management services and provide the tailor-made services to our customers in Xuzhou.

The Group had 519 units parking lots and 3 blocks of 3-storey commercial building, which comprises of Block 10, Block 11 and Block 12, in the Xuzhou Yueqiao Flower Garden Project # （徐州月橋花院項目） , and are held for sale. The properties comprises 19 shops, total saleable area 3,267.11 square meters, and 519 units parking lots located in 16 Fuchun Road, Yunlong District, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC. The Directors expect that the Xuzhou properties and property management business will continue contributing positive contribution to the Group.

During  the  Year,  the  Group  completed  the  acquisition  of  51%  of  equity  interests  in  each  of  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Huizhou Huiyang.  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Huizhou  Huiyang  provide  the  property  management  services  in  Shenzhen  and  Huizhou,  and have  864  units  parking  lots  in  Huizhou,  in  which,  the  size  of  the  property  under  management  are  approximately  3,050,000 square meters in aggregate. For the 864 units parking lots located at Huiyang District, Huizhou City, Guangdong Province, the PRC are held for sale, in which 72 units parking lots located in Dongfangxincheng #  ( 東方新城 ), Phase I and Phase III, 340 units parking lots located in Hubinhuayuan #  ( 湖濱花園 ),  Phase I  and II,  and  452  units  parking  lots  located  in  Bandaoyihaohuayuan ( 半島壹號花園 ), Phase II &amp; V. The property management portfolio and geographic layout of property management business of the Group will be expanded from Xuzhou to Huizhou and Shenzhen, which are both located in the Greater Bay Area. According to  the  Outline  Development Plan for the Greater Bay Area # （粵港澳大灣區發展規劃綱要） issued by The State Council of the People's Republic of China in February 2019, both Huizhou and Shenzhen are the cities that have become the focus of the future development of the Great Bay Area. Therefore, the Company believes that Huizhou and Shenzhen have growth potential. In addition, the acquisition is expected to significantly improve the property management scale and the source of revenue of the Group. Furthermore, the vendor had undertaken and guaranteed to the Group that the net profit (the 'Guaranteed Net Profits'') will not be less than RMB6.2 million for each of the four years ending 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023, 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025. In the event that any of the Guaranteed Net Profits falls short of each year, the vendor shall pay the  compensation amount. In view of the past performance and the Guaranteed Net Profits, it is expected that the property management companies will provide the Group with additional source of profit.

There are only remaining few inventories for sales in the Anlu Taihe project. The Group does not expect Anlu Taihe will contribute significant income in the future.

As for the gold mining business, there will be only one production line in 2023. For the negotiation of the outsourcing contracts, the subcontractors will share 70% of the net profit for their portion of work while the Group will share the remaining 30%. For the operating costs, the Group expects that the cost will be paid by the subcontractors. Based on the above conditions, the Group will continue to sign the contract with the outsourcing contractor in the coming years. Also, the Group will also invite and negotiate with the other outsourcing contractors in the coming years. The Group would like to obtain the better terms with outsourcing contractors. Due to the Russia-Ukraine war and the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group does not expect the Russia gold mine will contribute significant income in 2023.

Looking ahead, the Group will search for the potential acquisition projects to expand the management services business in the Greater Bay Area in the PRC.

# English name is for identification only

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## Liquidity and Financial Resources and Capital Structure

For the year ended 30 June 2022, the Group's working capital requirement was principally financed by its internal resources.

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents, net current assets and total assets less current liabilities of approximately  RMB29,643,000  (2021:  RMB51,622,000),  RMB74,072,000  (2021:  RMB88,202,000)  and  RMB148,382,000 (2021: RMB139,278,000), respectively.

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had no interest-bearing borrowings (2021: Nil).

Total  equity  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company  as  at  30  June  2022  decreased  by  approximately  RMB2,712,000  to approximately RMB114,346,000 (2021: RMB117,058,000). The gearing ratio (calculated as the ratio of net debt: capital and net debt) of the Group as at 30 June 2022 was 27.81% (2021: net cash position).

## Significant Investments

Save as disclosed herein, the Group held no significant investment during the Year.

## Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures

## Disposal of 51% Equity Interests of Guangzhou Integration Chain Life Technology Co., Ltd.

On 30 June 2022, the Group entered into the equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which the Group agreed to sell and the purchaser  agreed  to  acquire  51%  equity  interests  of  Guangzhou  Integration  Chain  Life  Technology  Co.,  Ltd. #   ('Guangzhou Integration') （廣州融匯鏈生活科技有限公司） ,  at  the  consideration  of  RMB0.51 million (equivalent to approximately HK$0.63 million)  by  cash  settlement.  The  transaction  was  completed  on  30  June  2022.  The  highest  applicable  percentage  ratio  (as defined under the Rules Governing of Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the 'Listing Rules')) in respect of the transaction was less than 5% under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.

## Very Substantial Acquisition: Acquisition of 51% Equity Interests of Property Management Companies

on 18 January 2022, 深圳融匯控股集團有限公司 (Shenzhen Integration Holding Group Co. Ltd. # ) (the 'Purchaser'), a whollyowned subsidiary of the Company, 中建蛇口發展有限公司 (China Construction Shekou Development Co., Ltd. # ) (the 'Vendor'), Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Huizhou  Huiyang  entered  into  a  conditional  equity  transfer  agreement  (the  'Agreement'),  pursuant  to which the Purchaser conditionally agreed to acquire and the Vendor conditionally agreed to sell 51% equity interests in each of Shenzhen Hailian and Huizhou Huiyang, at the consideration of RMB15.50 million (equivalent to approximately HK$19.07 million), which was satisfied by cash.

An extraordinary general meeting (the 'EGM') was held on 19 April 2022 for the shareholders to consider, and if thought fit, to approve, the Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder and the ordinary resolution in relation to the Agreement was duly passed by way of poll at the EGM.

Details of the acquisition are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 18 January 2022, 28 February 2022 and 19 April 2022 and in the circular of the Company dated 25 March 2022. The transaction was completed on 29 April 2022.

Save as disclosed herein, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the Year.

# English name is for identification only

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## EMPLOYEES' INFORMATION

## Emolument Policy and Long-term Incentive Scheme

As at 30 June 2022, the Group employed a total of 449 (2021: 72) employees. It is a policy of the Group to review its employees' pay  levels  and  performance  bonus  system  regularly  to  ensure  that  the  remuneration  policy  is  competitive  within  the  relevant industry. The Group also provides a comprehensive benefit package and career development opportunities, including retirement schemes,  medical  benefits,  and  both  internal  and  external  training  appropriate  to  individual  needs.  During  the  Year,  the employment cost (including Directors' emoluments) amounted to approximately RMB14,255,000 (2021: RMB11,291,000).

No  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  Directors  as  an  inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group,  or  as compensation for loss of office during the year.

During  the  reporting  period,  no  highest  paid  employees  waived  or  agreed  to  waive  any  remuneration  and  no  remuneration was paid by the Group to any of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

For the purpose of providing appropriate long-term incentive to the Group's employees, share options may be granted to staff, Directors and consultants under the Company's 2019 share option scheme (the '2019 Share Option Scheme') adopted in 2019. As at the date of this report, no option has been granted under the 2019 Share Option Scheme.

## Basis of Determining Emolument to Directors

Apart from benchmarking against the market, the Company looks at individual competence and contributions in determining the exact level of remuneration for each Director. Appropriate benefits schemes are in place for the Company's Directors, including the share option scheme.

## Retirement Benefit Scheme

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the 'MPF Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those Hong Kong employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme,  which  contributions  are  made  based  on  a  percentage  of  the  employees'  basic  salaries  and  the  employees  of  the Group's subsidiaries  which  operates  in  Mainland  China  are  required  to  participate  in  a  central  pension  scheme  (the  'Central Pension  Scheme',  together  with  the  MPF  Scheme,  the  'Defined  Contribution  Schemes')  operated  by  the  local  municipal government, which these subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage, which was pre-determined by the local municipal government, of the sum of basic salary and allowance of employees to the Central Pension Scheme. The contributions by the Group for the Defined Contribution Schemes are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the relevant rules of the respective schemes.

The Group's contributions to the Defined Contribution Schemes vest fully and immediately with the employees. Accordingly, (i) for each of the two years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, there was no forfeiture of contributions under the Defined Contribution  Schemes;  and  (ii)  there  were  no  forfeited  contributions  available  for  the  Group  to  reduce  its  existing  level  of contributions to the Defined Contribution Schemes as at 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022.

For each of the two years ended 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022, the Group did not have any defined benefit plan.

## Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)

## CHARGES ON GROUP ASSETS

As at 30 June 2022, none of the Group's assets were pledged to secure general banking facilities to the Group (2021: Nil).

## FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND EXPECTED SOURCES OF FUNDING

In  the  future,  the  Group  will  continue  to  implement  its  diversified  development  strategy  and  proactively  search  for  potential investment opportunities.

The Group had no future plans for material investments and expected sources of funding as at 30 June 2022.

## EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has foreign currency risk as certain financial assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currencies, principally in Hong Kong dollars and Russian ruble. The Group also manages its foreign exchange risk by performing regular reviews of the Group's net foreign exchange exposure such as Hong Kong Dollars and Russian ruble. The Group has not used any hedging arrangement to hedge its foreign exchange risk exposure. As the assets and liabilities of each company within the Group are mainly  denominated  in  the  respective  company's  functional  currency,  the  Group's  volatility  of  its  profits  against  changes  in exchange rates of foreign currencies would not be significant.

## CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

As at 30 June 2022, the Group had no capital commitments (2021: Nil).

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 30 June 2022, the banking facilities of RMB460,000 were granted to buyers of certain properties developed by the Group (2021: RMB460,000).

## DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Mu Dongsheng （穆東升） , aged 52, is an executive Director, Chairman, authorised representative and chief executive officer of the Company since January 2016. He has 25 years of working experience in management in both government and private sector  in  the  PRC  and  abroad.  He  holds  a  Master's  Degree  in  Laws  from  the  Beijing  Foreign  Affairs  College.  Mr.  Mu  was appointed as an executive Director on 15 January 2016 and was a consultant of the Company prior to joining the Company. Mr. Mu is also a member of the remuneration committee of the Company and the Chairman of the nomination committee of the Company.

Mr. Du Yun （杜雲） ,  aged 49, is an executive Director of the Company since June 2020. He is the Guangzhou Region Deputy General  Manager  of  the  Yango  Group  Limited # （陽光城集團廣州區域副總經理） from  January  2018  to  2021.  He  was  the associate  dean  of  the  Guangdong  Provincial  Academy  of  Building  Research  College # （廣東省建築設計研究院副院長） from July  2011  to  January  2018.  He  was  the  director  of  the  Guangzhou  City  Urban  and  Rural  Construction  Committee  Highway Department # （廣州市城鄉建設委員會公路建設處處長） from October 2010 to July 2011. He was the director of the Guangzhou City Municipal Garden Technology Department # （廣州市市政園林局科技處處長） from February 2009 to October 2010. Mr. Du has over 27 years of experience working experience in both government and private sector in PRC. Mr. Du obtained a Doctor of  Geotechnical  Engineering  degree （岩土工程學博士） from  the  China  University  of  Mining  and  Technology （中國礦業大學） in 2001. Mr. Du also is a senior engineer. Mr. Du was appointed as an executive Director on 19 June 2020.

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Cheung Chuen （張全） , aged 48, is an independent non-executive Director of the Company since September 2004. He is a certified public accountant practicing in the United States of America and Hong Kong. Mr. Cheung graduated from Hong Kong Shue Yan University in 1999 with majoring in accounting and obtained a master degree in professional accounting from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2004. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Cheung has over the years gained extensive experience in  accounting  and  auditing.  He  has  been  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  30 September 2004. Mr. Cheung currently is an executive director of China High Precision Automation Group Limited (stock code: 591), a listed company in Hong Kong. Mr. Cheung is also a member of each of the audit committee, remuneration committee and corporate governance committee of the Company.

Mr.  Ling  Aiwen （凌愛文） ,  aged  43,  is  an  independent  non-executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  July  2015.  He  is  the executive general manager and A-share sponsor representative of the Jiuzhou Securities Company since March 2015. He was the  executive  director  of  the  Goldman  Sachs  (Asia)  &amp;  Goldman  Sachs  Gaohua  Securities  Company  from  2011  to  2014.  Mr. Ling has working experience in various securities firms in PRC, and has over 20 years of experience in the investment banking field. Mr. Ling graduated from the University of Science and Technology of China with Dual Bachelors' Degree in Management Science  &amp;  Engineering,  and  in  Computer  Science.  Mr.  Ling  also  holds  a  Master's  degree  in  Management  Science  from  the Peking University. Mr. Ling was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 31 July 2015. Mr. Ling is also the Chairman of each of the audit committee and remuneration committee of the Company and a member of each of the nomination committee and corporate governance committee of the Company.

# English name is for identification only

## Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

## Independent Non-executive Directors (Continued)

Mr. Lu Lin （盧霖） , aged 47, is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company since April 2019. He is the senior advisor of the Changan International Trust Co., Ltd. since May 2014. He was the director of the RSM International from May 2011 to April 2014. He was the senior investment analyst of the Triangle Capital from April 2010 to May 2011. He was the manager of the Property Investment Fund, Property Dimensions from January 2008 to April 2010. Mr. Lu has working experience in various investment sector in PRC and United Kingdom, and has over 21 years of experience in the investment and management field. He has been appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company on 30 April 2019. Mr. Lu is also a member of each of the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company and the chairman of the corporate governance committee of the Company.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr.  Poon  Yan  Wai （潘仁偉） ,  aged  52,  is  the  financial  controller,  company  secretary  and  authorised  representative  of  the Company since March 2011. Mr. Poon joined the Company in March 2011 and has over 20 years of experience in the auditing and accounting field. Mr. Poon is a Fellow Member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He also holds a Bachelor's degree in Accountancy and Master's degree in Corporate Finance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Group  is  committed  to  statutory  and  regulatory  corporate  governance  standards  and  adherence  to  the  principles  of corporate governance emphasising accountability, transparency, independence, fairness and responsibility.

The Group has complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the 'CG Code') as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules throughout the Year, except the following deviation:

## Code Provision C.2.1

Under the code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of the chairman and the chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Being aware of the said deviation from code provision C.2.1, but in view of the current rapid development of the Group, the Board believes that with the support of the management, vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer of the Company by Mr. Mu Dongsheng can facilitate execution of the Group's business strategies  and  boost  effectiveness  of  its  operation.  In  addition,  under  the  supervision  by  the  Board  which  consists  of  three independent non-executive Directors, the interests of the shareholders will be adequately and fairly represented. The Company will seek to re-comply with code provision C.2.1 by identifying and appointing a suitable and qualified candidate to the position of the chief executive officer of the Company in future.

## A. SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code of Securities Transaction by Directors of Listed Issuers (the 'Model Code') set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors.

Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, the Company confirmed that all Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the Year.

## B. BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## 1. Composition of the Board of Directors

As at 30 June 2022, the Board consisted of two executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. Each  of  Directors'  respective  biographical  details  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Biographical  Information  of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

The  composition  of  the  Board  is  well  balanced  with  each  Director  having  sound  knowledge,  experience  and/or expertise  relevant  to  the  business  of  the  Group.  To  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Company,  save  as  disclosed  in the  section  headed  'Biographical  Information  of  Directors  and  Senior  Management' of this  annual  report,  there  is no  financial,  business,  family  or  other  material/relevant  relationship  among  members  of  the  Board  (including  the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer).

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## 2. Role and Functions of the Board of Directors

The Board is accountable to the shareholders for managing the Company in a responsible and effective manner. Also, the Board decides on overall strategies and monitors the Group's performance.

The Board is responsible for the oversight of the Company's business and affairs with the objective of enhancing shareholder value. The Board also makes decisions on matters such as approving the annual results and interim results, notifiable and connected transactions, appointment and re-appointment of Directors, declaring dividends and adopting accounting policies, etc. Details of the experience and qualifications of Directors are set out in the section headed 'Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

The Board delegates the authority and responsibility for implementing day-to-day operations, business strategies and management of the Group's businesses to the Executive Directors and the management. When the Board delegates aspects of its management and administration functions to the management, it has given clear directions as to the powers of the management, in particular, with respect to the circumstances where the management shall report back and obtain prior approval from the Board before making decisions or entering into any commitments on behalf of the Company.

## 3. Board Meetings and Board Practices

During the Year, the Board conducted 5 meetings and the Board will meet on other occasions when a board level decision on a particular matter is required. The attendance records of those meetings held are set out below:

| Directors' Attendance at Board Meetings  No. of attendance  Executive Directors  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  5  Mr. Du Yun  5  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Cheung Chuen  4  Mr. Ling Aiwen  4  Mr. Lu Lin  4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Directors  will  receive  details  of  agenda  items  for  decision  and  detail  documents  in  advance  of  each  Board meeting. The Company Secretary is responsible for distributing detailed documents to Directors prior to the Board meetings  to  ensure  that  the  Directors  are  able  to  make  informed  decisions  regarding  the  matters  discussed  in the meetings. The Company Secretary is also responsible for ensuring the procedures of the Board meetings are observed and providing to the Board opinions on matters in relation to the compliance with the procedures of the Board meetings.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## 4. General Meetings

During the Year, the Company convened two general meetings. In which, one extraordinary general meeting held on 19 April 2022 and one annual general meeting held on 16 December 2021.

| Directors' Attendance at General Meetings  No. of attendance  Executive Directors  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  2/2  Mr. Du Yun  2/2  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Cheung Chuen  2/2  Mr. Ling Aiwen  2/2  Mr. Lu Lin  2/2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Directors' Training

According to the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in a programme of continuous professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills  to  ensure  that  their  contribution  to the board remains informed and relevant. The Company should be responsible for arranging and funding training, placing an appropriate emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of the Directors of the Company. The Company continuously  updates  the  Directors  on  the  latest  development  regarding  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable regulatory  requirements,  to  ensure  compliance  and  enhance  their  awareness  of  good  corporate  governance practices.

During the Year, the Directors participated in the following continuous professional development:

| Name of Directors  Training  organized by  the Company 1  Reading  materials  updating on  new rules  and regulations  Executive Directors  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  ✓  ✓  Mr. Du Yun  ✓  ✓  Independent Non-executive Directors  Mr. Cheung Chuen  ✓  ✓  Mr. Ling Aiwen  ✓  ✓  Mr. Lu Lin  ✓  ✓   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Professional training was arranged by the Company to update the Directors' knowledge.

2. The Company received from each of the Directors the confirmations on taking continuous professional training.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## 6. Independent Non-executive Directors

In  compliance  with  Rule  3.10(1)  of  the  Listing  Rules,  there  are  three  independent  non-executive  Directors representing more then one third of the Board. Among the three independent non-executive Directors, one of them has appropriate professional qualifications in accounting or relevant financial management expertise as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors bring independent judgment on issues of strategy, performance and risk. The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  written  confirmations  of  their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Based upon the said confirmations, the Board considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent.

## 7. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

CG Code provisions C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not  be  performed  by  the  same  individual.  The  Company  does  not  segregate  the  roles  of  chairman  and  chief executive officer and Mr. Mu Dongsheng currently holds both of the Chairman and chief executive officer positions, as explained in the paragraph headed 'Code Provision C.2.1' above in the Corporate Governance Report.

## 8. Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors

According to the articles of association of the Company, one-third of the Directors are required to retire from office at each annual general meeting, provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once in every three years.

The independent non-executive Directors were appointed for a specific term of service. Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin were appointed as independent non-executive Directors on 30 September 2004, 31 July 2015 and 30 April 2019, their appointment letters have been signed with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2022, 31 July 2022 and 30 April 2022, respectively. According to their terms of service, Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin are subject to retirement by rotation and offer themselves for re-election in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

## 9. Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The emoluments of the members of the senior management by band for the year ended 30 June 2022 are set out below:

| Number of members  2022  2021  Emolument bands  Nil to HK$1,000,000  -  -  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further particulars regarding Directors' emoluments and the five highest paid individuals as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## C.  BOARD COMMITTEES

## 1. Remuneration Committee

The  Company  established  a  remuneration  committee  (the  'Remuneration  Committee')  in  November  2005  with written terms of reference no less exacting terms than the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for advising the Board on the remuneration policy and framework of the Directors and senior management, as well as  reviewing  and  having  delegated  responsibility  to  determine  the  remuneration  packages  of  individual  executive directors  and  senior  management,  including  benefits  in  kinds,  pension  rights  and  compensation  payments,  with reference to the Company's objectives from time to time.

As at 30 June 2022, the Remuneration Committee consisted of three members, comprising one executive Director, Mr. Mu Dongsheng, and two independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Cheung Chuen. Mr. Ling Aiwen  is  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration  Committee.  During  the  Year,  one  meeting  was  held  to  review  the remuneration  packages  of  the  Board  and  the  senior  management.  The  attendance  record  of  the  Remuneration Committee meeting held is set out below:

| Directors' Attendance at Remuneration Committee Meeting  No. of attendance  Mr. Ling Aiwen (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee)  1/1  Mr. Cheung Chuen  1/1  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  1/1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2. Audit Committee

The Company established an audit committee (the 'Audit Committee') in May 2001 with written terms of reference revised to be substantially the same as the provisions as set out in the CG Code. The Audit Committee acts as an important link between the Board and the Company's auditor in matters within the scope of the Group's audit. The duties of the Audit Committee are to review and discuss on the effectiveness of the external audit and risk evaluation of the Company, as well as the Company's annual report and accounts, interim reports and to provide advice and comments to the Board. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing and supervising the Group's financial reporting, risk management and internal control systems. The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for the Year.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  consisted  of  three  members  and  they  are  all  the  independent  nonexecutive Directors, namely Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin. Mr. Ling Aiwen is the chairman of the Audit Committee. During the Year, two meetings were held to review the consolidated financial statements for the Year and the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six months ended 31 December 2021 with  the  recommendations  to  the  Board  for  approval;  and  to  review  the  accounting  principals  and  policies adopted by the Group and its system of risk management and internal control systems. The attendance records of the Audit Committee meetings held are set out below:

| Directors' Attendance at Audit Committee Meetings  No. of attendance  Mr. Ling Aiwen (Chairman of the Audit Committee)  2/2  Mr. Cheung Chuen  2/2  Mr. Lu Lin  2/2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Nomination Committee

The Company established a nomination committee (the 'Nomination Committee') on 26 March 2012 with written terms of reference no less exacting terms than CG Code. The Nomination Committee is responsible for electing and recommending candidates for directorship, based on assessment of their professional qualifications and experience and is also responsible for assessing the independence of each Independent Non-executive Director.

## Nomination Policy

The  Board  has  adopted  the  nomination  policy  (the  'Nomination  Policy')  on  26  September  2018  which  sets  out the nomination criteria and procedures for the Company to select candidate(s) for possible inclusion in the Board. The  Nomination  Policy  could  assist  the  Company  to  achieve  board  diversity  in  the  Company  and  enhance  the effectiveness of the Board and its corporate governance standard.

When  assessing  the  suitability  of  a  candidate,  factors  such  as  the  qualifications,  skills,  experience  and  gender diversity  will  be  taken  into  consideration  as  a  whole.  In  the  case  of  independent  non-executive  Directors,  they must further satisfy the independence criteria set out within Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Since the selection of candidates  should  ensure  that  diversity  remains  a  central  feature  of  the  Board,  a  range  of  diverse  perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, or professional experience would be considered.

The process to identify potential candidates for the Board would be as follows:

- (1) identifying  potential  candidates,  including  recommendations  from  the  Board  members,  professional search firms and the shareholders of the Company;
- (2) evaluating the candidates based on the approved selection criteria through methods such as reviewing the resume and conducting the background checks;
- (3) reviewing the profiles of the shortlisted candidates and interview them; and
- (4) making recommendations to the Board on the selected candidates.

The Nomination Policy also includes the Board succession plan to assess whether vacancies on the Board would be created or expected due to the Directors' resignation, retirement, death and other circumstances and to identify candidates in advance if necessary. The Nomination Policy will be reviewed on a regular basis.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## Board Diversity Policy

The  Nomination  Committee  adopted  a  board  diversity  policy  on  30  August  2013.  The  Company  recognises  and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background and professional experience. Appointments will be based on merit, measured against objective criteria, and the skills and experience that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

As at 30 June 2022, the Nomination Committee consisted of three members, comprising one executive Director, Mr.  Mu  Dongsheng,  and  two  independent  non-executive  Directors,  Mr.  Ling  Aiwen  and  Mr.  Lu  Lin.  Mr.  Mu Dongsheng is the chairman of the Nomination Committee. During the Year, the Nomination Committee conducted one meeting to assess the Independence of the Independent Non-executive Director. The attendance record of the Nomination Committee meeting held is set out below:

| Directors' Attendance at Nomination Committee Meeting  No. of attendance  Mr. Mu Dongsheng (Chairman of the Nomination Committee)  1/1  Mr. Ling Aiwen  1/1  Mr. Lu Lin  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Corporate Governance Committee

The  Company  established  a  corporate  governance  committee  (the  'Corporate  Governance  Committee')  on  26 March 2012 with written terms of reference no less exacting terms than the CG Code. The Corporate Governance Committee  is  responsible  for  developing  and  reviewing  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate governance.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Corporate  Governance  Committee  consisted  of  three  members  and  they  are  all  the independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin. Mr. Lu Lin is the chairman  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Committee.  During  the  Year,  two  meetings  were  held  by  the  Corporate Governance Committee to review the corporate matters of the Company that the Company had complied with the principles and applicable code provision of the CG Code and was not aware of any non-compliance to relevant legal and regulatory requirements. The attendance records of the Corporate Governance Committee meetings held are set out below:

| Directors' Attendance at Corporate Governance Committee Meetings  No. of attendance  Mr. Lu Lin (Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee)  2/2  Mr. Cheung Chuen  2/2  Mr. Ling Aiwen  2/2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## D. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## 1. Directors' and Auditor's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The Group's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with all relevant statutory requirements and applicable accounting standards. The Directors are responsible for ensuring that appropriate accounting policies have been adopted and applied consistently, and that judgments and estimates made are prudent and reasonable.

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibility  for  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group. Having  made  appropriate  enquiries,  the  Board  is  not  aware  of  any  material  uncertainties  relating  to  events  or conditions which may cast significant doubt over the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Board has continued to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

The reporting responsibilities of external auditor of the Company are disclosed in 'Independent Auditor's Report'.

## 2. Auditor's Remuneration

During the Year, the remuneration paid/payable to the Company's auditor, Ernst &amp; Young, is set out as follows:

| ## Nature of Services  Fee paid/payable  HK$'000  Audit services  2,300  Non-audit services  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Non-audit services fees include agreed-upon procedures on interim results.

## E. COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr.  Poon  Yan  Wai  was  appointed  as  the  financial  controller,  company  secretary  and  authorised  representative  of  the Company.  The  biographical  information  of  Mr.  Poon  is  set  out  on  page  13  under  the  section  headed  'Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management'. According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Poon took no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training.

## F. SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

## Convening an extraordinary general meeting

Pursuant to article 58 of the articles of association of the Company, any one or more members of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the secretary  of  the  Company,  to  require  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction of  any  business  specified  in  such  requisition;  and  such  meeting  shall  be  held  within  two  months  after  the  deposit  of such  requisition.  If  within  twenty-one  days  of  such  deposit  the  Board  fails  to  proceed  to  convene  such  meeting  the requisitionist(s)  himself  (themselves)  may  do  so  in  the  same  manner,  and  all  reasonable  expenses  incurred  by  the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## Putting enquiries to the Board

To ensure effective communication between the Board and the Shareholders, the Company has adopted a shareholders' communication  policy  (the  'Policy')  on  26  March  2012.  Under  the  Policy,  the  Company's  information  shall  be communicated to the Shareholders mainly through general meetings, including annual general meetings, the Company's financial reports (interim reports and annual reports), and its corporate communications and other corporate publications on the Company's website and the Stock Exchange's website.

Shareholders may at any time make a request for the Company's information to the extent such information is publicly available. Any such questions shall be first directed to the Company Secretary at the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong or the Company's Hong Kong branch registrar and transfer office, Hong Kong Registrars Limited, at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong.

## Putting forward proposals at shareholders' meeting

The number of shareholders necessary for a requisition for putting forward a proposal at a shareholders' meeting shall be any number of shareholders representing not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings at the date of the requisition.

A copy or copies of requisition signed by all requisitionists shall be deposited, with a sum reasonably sufficient to meet the Company's expenses in giving notice of the proposed resolution or circulating any necessary statement, at the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong in the case of:

- (i) a requisition requiring notice of a resolution, not less than six weeks before the meeting; and
- (ii) any other requisition, not less than one week before the meeting.

The  Company  will  verify  the  requisition  and  upon  confirming  that  the  requisition  is  proper  and  in  order,  the  Board  will proceed with necessary procedures.

## G.  DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board has adopted the dividend policy (the 'Dividend Policy') on 26 September 2018 which sets out the appropriate procedure  on  declaring  and  recommending  the  dividend  payment  of  the  Company.  The  Company  takes  priority  to distributing  dividends  in  cash  and  shares  its  profits  with  the  shareholders  of  the  Company.  The  dividend  distribution decision of the Company will depend on, among others, the financial results, the current and future operations, liquidity and capital requirements, financial condition and other factors as the Board may deem relevant. The Board may also declare special dividends from time to time. The Dividend Policy will be reviewed on a regular basis.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## H.  INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS RELATIONS

The  Company  continues  to  pursue  a  proactive  policy  in  promoting  investor  relations  and  communications  with  the shareholders  of  the  Company.  The  Board  also  recognised  that  effective  communication  with  investors  is  the  key  to establish investor confidence and to attract new investors.

The Company communicates with its shareholders and investors through the publication of annual and interim reports, press announcements and releases, also the Company's website at http://kingwell.todayir.com.

The  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  also  provides  an  important  opportunity  for  constructive  communication between  the  Board  and  the  shareholders  of  the  Company.  The  Chairman  as  well  as  the  chairman  of  the  audit  and remuneration committees, or in their absence, members of the relevant committees are available to answer any questions raised by the shareholders.

The  Group  regularly  releases  corporate  information,  such  as  awards  received,  and  the  latest  news  of  the  Group's developments  on  the  Company's  website.  The  public  are  welcome  to  give  their  comments  and  make  their  enquiries through the Company's website, the management will give their prompt response thereto.

## I. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Maintaining  a  sound  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  is  vital  to  the  fulfillment  of  the  Group's  business objectives as well as its long-term sustainable growth. The Board acknowledges its overall responsibility in evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Group's strategic objectives, and ensures that the Group has established and maintained an appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems. The Audit Committee will review and control significant risks.

The Company's management encourages increasing the awareness on risk and control throughout the Group, and set up  the  objectives,  performance  targets  and  policies  for  managing  the  key  risks,  including  strategic  planning,  business operations, legal and regulatory compliance, expenditure control, environment, health and safety. The Group has a wellestablished organizational structure with defined levels of responsibility and authority and reporting procedures. The Group adopts  a  control  and  risk  self-assessment  methodology  and  continuously  assesses  and  manages  its  risk  profile  on  a regular basis. The Group identifies, assesses and ranks the risks according to their likelihood, financial consequence and reputational impact on the Group, so as to ascertain relevant risks that need priority control. Staff accountable for risks are required to submit risk alerts with risk mitigation plan promptly and regular risk reports are presented to the management, the Board and the Audit Committee for on-going review and monitoring.

The executive Directors review operational and financial reports and key operating statistics and hold regular meetings with division managers to review the implementation of the Group's risk management and internal control.

Budgets are prepared annually by the management and are subject to review and approval firstly by chief executive officer and then by the Board. Amendments to the operating results budget of each year are prepared on a quarterly basis, and submit for executive Directors' approval after comparing with its original budgets.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

The  Group  has  established  guidelines  and  procedures  for  expenditure  approval  and  control.  Operating  expenditure  is subject to overall budget control, with the approval levels being set by reference to the level of authority of each executive and  officer.  Capital  expenditure  is  also  subject  to  overall  control  within  the  approved  budget  of  individual  projects  with more specific control and approval being required for overspending, non-budgeted expenditure and significant expenditure within the approved budget. Monthly reports of actual versus budgeted and approved expenditure are also reviewed by the management.

The  Group  has  established  effective  guidelines,  procedures  and  internal  control  systems  for  the  identification,  capture and reporting of operational, financial and compliance-related information to ensure all the employees to carry out their designed responsibilities.

Any material internal issues identified are timely communicated and evaluated for their potential impacts. The corrective measures should obtain proper approval from management before implementation. The implementation steps should be monitored by both management and internal audit department to ensure these issues are properly recorded and resolved.

The  Company  has  also  established  policies  and  procedures  for  the  handling  and  dissemination  of  inside  information. It  is  the  responsibility  of  all  Directors  and  employees  who  have  access  to  and  in  control  of  the  Group's  information  to provide adequate safeguard to prevent any abuse or misuse of those information. The information to be disclosed should be properly reviewed and approved by proper management to ensure its appropriateness and accuracy, and be closed monitored  before  and  after  disclosure.  The  Group  strictly  prohibits  the  use  of  insider  information  to  secure  personal advantage.

The Company's internal audit department plays a major role in risk management and internal control system. The major duties  of  the  internal  audit  department  include  assurance  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  governance,  risk management and internal controls in daily operations, safeguarding of assets, reporting and compliance, and conducting internal audits of all department and subsidiaries of the Company on a regular basis. The Board keeps on monitoring the Group's risk management and internal control systems through the Audit Committee. The internal audit review report with recommendations is reported to the Audit Committee and the Board and the risk management and internal control are reviewed twice annually. In respect of the Year, the Audit Committee and Board had reviewed the annual internal control report to access the Company's risk management and the internal control system, which covering the finance, operational, compliance  issues,  risk  management  and  employees'  opinions.  Based  on  the  review,  the  Board  considered  that  the Group's risk management and internal control systems were effective and adequate.

There  are  inherent  limitations  in  any  internal  control  systems  and  accordingly  the  Group's  internal  control  systems  is established to provide reasonable (but not absolute) assurance against any material misstatement or losses.

## J. ENQUIRIES TO THE BOARD

Shareholders may send their enquiries requiring the Board's attention to the company secretary at the Company's principal office address at Units 314-315, Wing On Plaza, 62 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui East, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

## K. CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the Year, there is no change in the Company's constitutional documents.

## Corporate Governance Report (Continued)

## Report of the Directors

The Directors submit herewith this annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements for the Year.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities and other particulars of the subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the financial statements.

The analysis of the principal activities and geographical locations of the operations of the Group during the Year are set out in note 4 to the financial statements.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the Year is set out in the sections of Chairman's Statement, Management Discussion and Analysis, Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') Report, Five Year Financial Summary and the paragraphs below.

Details of the Group's ESG progress and performance in 2022 are disclosed in the 2022 ESG Report.

The  Group  complies  with  the  requirements  under  the  Companies  Ordinance,  the  Listing  Rules  and  the  Securities  and Futures Ordinance (the 'SFO') for the disclosure of information and corporate governance. The Group also complies with the requirements  of  Employment  Ordinance  and  ordinances  relating  to  occupational  safety  for  the  interest  of  employees  of  the Group. Save as disclosed under the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' above, no important event affecting the Group has occurred since the end of the Year.

## Key Risk Factors

The following lists out the key risks and uncertainties facing the Group.

## Impact of Local and International Regulations

The business operation of the Group is also subject to government policy, relevant regulations and guidelines established by the regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with the rules and requirements may lead to penalties, amendments or suspension of the business operation by the authorities. The Group closely monitors changes in government policies, regulations and markets as well as conducting studies to assess the impact of such changes.

## Third-Party Risks

The Group has been relying on third-party service providers in parts of business to improve performance and efficiency of the Group. While gaining the benefits from external service providers, the management realizes that such operational dependency may pose a threat of vulnerability to unexpected poor or lapses in service including reputation damage, business disruption and monetary losses. To address such uncertainties, the Group engages only reputed third-party providers and closely monitors their performance.

## Key Relationships with Employees, Customers and Suppliers

The Group recognizes the accomplishment of the employees by providing comprehensive benefit package, career development opportunities  and  internal  training  appropriate  to  individual  needs.  The  Group  provides  a  healthy  and  safe  workplace  for  all employees. No strikes and cases of fatality due to workplace accidents are found in the Year.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

Our largest customer was the property developer of the Yueqiao Flower Garden in Xuzhou, the other major customers were the Russia gold buyer and the parking lots buyers. Except the daily property management services, the Group had provided the tailor made services to our largest customer in Xuzhou. All the major customers were the independent third parties of the Group, in which, the largest customer and the Russia gold buyer had the business relationship with the Group for over 1 year and the other major customers had no business relationship with the Group before the transactions.

For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval of management. Details of the trade receivables of the Group as at 30 June 2022 are set out in note 18 to the financial statements. Up to the date of this report, most of the trade receivables from the major customers had been settled.

It may cause financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties. In order to mitigate such risk, the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures.

The Group will take care of customers' need and provide after sales services such as assisting them to get property owner title deed, providing repair and maintenance services and decoration advices services.

The Group values the views and opinions of all customers through various means and channels, including the usage of business intelligence  to  understand  customer trends and needs and regular analyse on customer feedback. The Group also conducts comprehensive tests and checks to ensure that only superior quality property and services are offered to customers.

Our major suppliers were services providers for our Xuzhou management services business and had business relationship with the  Group  for  1  year  or  less.  All  the  major  suppliers  were  the  independent  third  parties  of  the  Group  and  were  the  services providers in the Xuzhou and Huizhou. The credit terms granted by the major suppliers were determined according to contract terms. For the details of trade payables, please refer to note 22 to the financial statements. Up to the date of this report, most of the trade payables to the major suppliers had been settled.

The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers to meet our customers' needs in an effective and efficient manner. The  departments  work  closely  to  make  sure  the  tendering  and  procurement  process  is  conducted  in  an  open,  fair  and  just manner.  The  Group's  requirements  and  standards  are  also  well-communicated  to  suppliers  before  the  commencement  of  a project.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The information in respect of the Group's sales and purchases attributable to the major customers and suppliers respectively during the financial year is as follows:

| Percentage of the Group's total  Sales  Purchases  The largest customer  45  Five largest customers in aggregate  47  The largest supplier  21  Five largest suppliers in aggregate  69   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  no  time  during  the  Year  have  the  Directors,  their  close  associates  or  any  shareholders  of  the  Company  (which  to  the knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the Company's share capital) had any interest in these major customers and suppliers.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  loss  of  the  Group  for  the  Year  and  the  financial  position  of  the  Group  as  at  30  June  2022  are  set  out  in  the  financial statements on pages 47 to 126.

## DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Year (2021: Nil).

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The register of members will be closed from 5 December 2022 to 12 December 2022, both days inclusive, during which period no  transfer  of  shares  will  be  effected.  In  order  to  qualify  for  attending  the  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting,  all  transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company's Hong Kong branch share registrar, Hong Kong Registrars Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 2 December 2022.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the issued share capital of the Company during the Year are set out in note 26 to the financial statements.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Year are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and in note 27 to the financial statements.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Details of the movements in reserves of the Company during the Year are set out in note 37 to the financial statements.

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  Company  had  no  reserves  available  for  cash  distribution.  In  accordance  with  the  Companies  Law (Revised) of the Cayman Islands and the Company's articles of association, the contributed surplus of the Company is available for distribution or payment of dividends to shareholders provided that the Company is able to pay off its debts as and when they fall due. The Company's share premium account, with a balance of RMB678,834,000 as at 30 June 2022, may be distributed in the form of fully paid bonus shares.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's subsidiaries as at 30 June 2022 are set out in note 1 to the financial statements.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  note  12  to  the  financial statements.

## BORROWING FACILITIES

No borrowing facilities was granted to the Group as at 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## CHARITABLE DONATIONS

No charitable donation was made by the Group during the Year (2021: Nil).

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

Other than the share option scheme as disclosed below, no equity-linked agreement were entered into by the Company during the Year or subsisting at the end of the Year.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (2003)

At the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 9 January 2003, an ordinary resolution was passed to adopt a share option scheme (the '2003 Share Option Scheme').

## Summary of the 2003 Share Option Scheme

## (A) Purpose of the 2003 Share Option Scheme

The purpose of the 2003 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives and rewards to eligible participants (as defined hereinafter) who contribute to the success of the Group.

## (B) Participants of the 2003 Share Option Scheme

Pursuant to the 2003 Share Option Scheme, the Board may offer eligible participants (being employees (whether full time or  part  time)  or  executives  or  officers  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  (including  executive  and  non-executive Directors  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries)  and  business  consultants,  agents,  legal  or  financial  advisers  who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, will contribute or have contributed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries) ('Eligible Participants') options to subscribe for such number of shares in the Company.

## (C) Total number of shares available for issue under the 2003 Share Option Scheme

The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2003 Share Option Scheme will be 40,262,500 shares, representing 10% of the shares in issue as at the adoption date on 9 January 2003. On 23 December 2005 and 22 December 2006, an ordinary resolution was passed at each of that annual general meeting to refresh the number of shares available for issue up to 10% of the shares in issue as at the resolution date, representing 46,762,500 and 55,316,900 shares respectively. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2003 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 30% of the relevant shares of the Company in issue from time to time. As at the date of this annual report, there are no outstanding share options and no securities are available for issue under the 2003 Share Option Scheme.

## (D) Maximum entitlement of each participant

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to any individual in any 12-month period is not permitted to exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point of time. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to the issue of a circular by the Company and the approval of the shareholders in general meeting.

## (E) Option period

Option may be exercised after it has vested at any time during the year to be notified by the Board at the time of the grant of the option but shall be in any event not later than 10 years from the offer date, subject to the provisions for early termination of the 2003 Share Option Scheme.

## (F) Payment on acceptance of option

Options granted must be taken up within 21 days from the offer date, upon payment of HK$1.00 per grant.

## (G) Basis of determining the subscription price

The subscription price per share under the 2003 Share Option Scheme is determined by the Board, save that such price must not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the closing prices of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option; and (c) the nominal value of the share of the Company.

## (H) Remaining life of the 2003 Share Option Scheme

The 2003 Share Option Scheme was terminated following the adoption of a new share option scheme on 11 February 2010.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (2010)

At the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 11 February 2010, an ordinary resolution was passed to adopt a share option scheme (the '2010 Share Option Scheme').

## Summary of the 2010 Share Option Scheme

## (A) Purpose of the 2010 Share Option Scheme

The purpose of the 2010 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives and rewards to Eligible Participants (as defined hereinafter) who contribute to the success of the Group.

## (B) Participants of the 2010 Share Option Scheme

Pursuant to the 2010 Share Option Scheme, the Board may offer eligible participants (being employees (whether full time or  part  time)  or  executives  or  officers  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  (including  executive  and  non-executive Directors  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries)  and  business  consultants,  agents,  legal  or  financial  advisers  who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, will contribute or have contributed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries) ('Eligible Participants') options to subscribe for such number of shares in the Company.

## (C) Total number of shares available for issue under the 2010 Share Option Scheme

The initial total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2010 Share Option Scheme will be 95,024,050 shares, representing 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of the 2010 extraordinary general meeting. On 24 May 2010, 7 December 2010, 20 December 2013, 12 December 2014, and 18 December 2015 an ordinary resolution was passed at each of the extraordinary general meeting or annual general meeting to refresh the number of shares available for issue up to 10% of the shares in issue as at the resolution date, representing 106,203,250, 151,234,450, 218,844,789, 239,868,256 and 288,409,173 shares respectively. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2010 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 30% of the relevant shares of the Company in issue from time to time. As at the date of this annual report, there are no outstanding options and no securities are available for issue under 2010 Share Option Scheme.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## (D) Maximum entitlement of each participant

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to any individual in any 12-month period is not permitted to exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point of time. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to the issue of a circular by the Company and the approval of the shareholders in general meeting.

## (E) Option period

An option may be exercised after it has vested at any time during the year to be notified by the Board at the time of the grant of the option but shall be in any event not later than 10 years from the offer date, subject to the provisions for early termination of the 2010 Share Option Scheme.

## (F) Payment on acceptance of option

Options granted must be taken up within 7 days or such other period as the Board may decide from the offer date, upon payment of HK$1.00 per grant.

## (G) Basis of determining the subscription price

The subscription price per share under the 2010 Share Option Scheme is determined by the Board, save that such price must not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the closing prices of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option; and (c) the nominal value of the share of the Company.

## (H) Remaining life of the 2010 Share Option Scheme

The 2010 Share Option Scheme was terminated following the adoption of a new share option scheme on 12 December 2019.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (2019)

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on 12 December 2019, an ordinary resolution was passed to adopt a share option scheme (the '2019 Share Option Scheme').

## Summary of the 2019 Share Option Scheme

## (A) Purpose of the 2019 Share Option Scheme

The purpose of the 2019 Share Option Scheme is to provide incentives and rewards to Eligible Participants (as defined hereinafter) who contribute to the success of the Group.

## (B) Participants of the 2019 Share Option Scheme

Pursuant to the 2019 Share Option Scheme, the Board may offer eligible participants (being employees (whether full time or  part  time)  or  executives  or  officers  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  (including  executive  and  non-executive Directors  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries)  and  business  consultants,  agents,  legal  or  financial  advisers  who the Board considers, in its sole discretion, will contribute or have contributed to the Company or any of its subsidiaries) ('Eligible Participants') options to subscribe for such number of shares in the Company.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## (C) Total number of shares available for issue under the 2019 Share Option Scheme

The initial total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2019 Share Option Scheme will be 288,409,173 shares, representing 10% of the shares in issue as at the date of the 2019 annual general meeting. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2019 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 30% of the relevant shares of the Company in issue from time to time.

During the Year, no options were granted, exercised, lapsed and cancelled under the 2019 Share Option Scheme. There were no outstanding options under the 2019 Share Option Scheme at the beginning and at the end of the year ended 30 June 2022.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the 2019 Share Option Scheme are 288,409,173 shares, representing 9.97% of the issued share capital of the Company.

## (D) Maximum entitlement of each participant

The maximum number of shares in respect of which options may be granted to any individual in any 12-month period is not permitted to exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point of time. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to the issue of a circular by the Company and the approval of the shareholders in general meeting.

## (E) Option period

An option may be exercised after it has vested at any time during the year to be notified by the Board at the time of the grant of the option but shall be in any event not later than 10 years from the offer date, subject to the provisions for early termination of the 2019 Share Option Scheme.

## (F) Payment on acceptance of option

Options granted must be taken up within 7 days or such other period as the Board may decide from the offer date, upon payment of HK$1.00 per grant.

## (G) Basis of determining the subscription price

The subscription price per share under the 2019 Share Option Scheme is determined by the Board, save that such price must not be less than the highest of (a) the closing price of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet on the date of offer to grant option, which must be a business day; (b) the average of the closing prices of the shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotation sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer to grant option; and (c) the nominal value of the share of the Company.

## (H) Remaining life of the 2019 Share Option Scheme

The 2019 Share Option Scheme will remain valid until 11 December 2029. The remaining life of the 2019 Share Option Scheme is 7 years.

Apart from the foregoing, at no time during the Year was the Company, any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Year and up to the date of this annual report are:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Mu Dongsheng (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Du Yun

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Cheung Chuen

Mr. Ling Aiwen

Mr. Lu Lin

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE AGREEMENTS

Each of the executive Directors appointed after 1 July 2009 listed below has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of one year from the date of their appointments and their appointments will continue thereafter until terminated by six months' notice in writing served by either party on the other. The commencement dates of the renewal contracts at the same terms as per above of the Executive Directors are as follows:

| Mr. Mu Dongsheng  15 January 2016  Mr. Du Yun  19 June 2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin were appointed as independent non-executive Directors on 30 September 2004, 31 July 2015 and 30 April 2019 respectively, each of their appointment letters has been renewed with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2022, 31 July 2022 and 30 April 2022 respectively.

According to their terms of services, Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin are subject to retirement by rotation and offer themselves for re-election in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service agreement with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory compensation.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As  at  30  June  2022,  the  interests  and  short  positions  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company  in  the  shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

## Long positions in the shares of the Company

| Name  Capacity  Number of  shares  Number of  issued ordinary  shares held  Total  approximate  % of the  issued share  capital  Mr. Du Yun  Interest held through  controlled corporation  394,198,376  394,198,376  (Note)  13.62  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  Beneficial owner  277,777,777  277,777,777  9.60   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: 394,198,376 Shares are held by Union Day Group Limited (a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability) which is 40% beneficially owned by Mr. Du Yun.

Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2022, none of the Directors nor the chief executives of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company which had to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at 30 June 2022, according to the register of members kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO and so far as is known to, or can be ascertained after reasonable enquiry by the Directors, the following person/entity (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) had an interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or be directly and indirectly interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote on all circumstances at general meetings of the Company:

## Long positions in the shares of the Company

| Name  Capacity  Number of  issued ordinary  shares held  Total  approximate %  of the issued  shares  Union Day Group Limited  Beneficial owner  394,198,376  (Note)  13.62  Mr. Yin Jia Tang  Beneficial owner  217,880,604  7.53   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: 394,198,376 shares are held by Union Day Group Limited (a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability) which is 40% beneficially owned by Mr. Du Yun.

Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified of any other interests or short positions representing 5% or more of the issued shares of the Company and recorded in the register maintained under Section 336 of the SFO as at 30 June 2022.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBT SECURITIES

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the Year was the Company, its holding company or any of its subsidiaries, or any of its fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors or chief executives of the Company or their respective close  associates  (as  defined  in  the  Listing  Rules)  to  have  any  right  to  subscribe  for  securities  of  the  Company  or  any  of  its associated corporations as defined in the SFO or to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## DISCLOSURE OF CHANGE IN INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the change of information on Directors are as follows:

Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin are independent non-executive Directors, have re-entered into appointment letters with the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2022, 31 July 2022 and 30 April 2022.

## INDEMNITY OF DIRECTORS

The Company has maintained appropriate directors and officers liability insurance and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the Year.

## DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES

The name of director who has served on the board of directors of the subsidiaries of the Company during the Year and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Mr. Mu Dongsheng

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed in note 33 to the financial statements, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the company, or any of its holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a director of the company had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the Year.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

None of the Directors or the management shareholders or the substantial shareholders of the Company, or any of their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had any material interest in a business that competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACT

No  contracts  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part  of  the  business  of  the Company or its subsidiaries were entered into or existed during the Year.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on pages 125 to 126 of the annual report.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During  the  Year,  neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the  Company's  listed securities.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company's articles of association, or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established the Audit Committee since 8 May 2001 with written terms of reference and the duties of the Audit Committee include  reviewing  the  Company's  annual  reports  and  interim  reports  and  providing  advice  and  comments  to  the Directors. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing and supervising the financial reporting, risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

As at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Audit  Committee  comprises  three  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Mr. Cheung Chuen, Mr. Ling Aiwen and Mr. Lu Lin. During the Year, the Audit Committee met twice to review the interim and annual results of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A report on the principle corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out on pages 14 to 25.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules.

## AUDITOR

Ernst &amp; Young will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of Ernst &amp; Young as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

By Order of the Board

## Mu Dongsheng

Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 September 2022

## Report of the Directors (Continued)

## Independent Auditor's Report

<!-- image -->

## Independent auditor's report To the shareholders of Kingwell Group Limited

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Kingwell  Group  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (the 'Group') set out on pages 47 to 124, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  ('HKSAs')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities  under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We  have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the  Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters.  Accordingly,  our  audit  included  the  performance of  procedures  designed  to  respond  to  our  assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

| Key audit matter  How our audit addressed the key audit matter  Net realisable value of inventories  As  at  30  June  2022,  the  carrying  values  of  the  Group's completed properties held for sale of RMB41,997,000 and parking lots held for sale of RMB62,970,000 ('Inventories') were significant. These Inventories were stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.  The calculation of the net realisable value of the Inventories at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  was  performed  by management.  The  net  realisable  value  of  the  Group's Inventories was determined by reference to expected future selling  prices,  the  estimated  future  selling  costs  and  the relevant  taxes,  as  well  as  a  valuation  report  issued  by  an independent professionally and qualified valuer.  The calculation of the net realisable value of the Inventories involved significant management judgement and estimation in  assessing  the  expected  future  selling  prices,  the estimated future selling costs and the relevant taxes.  We identified the assessment of the net realisable value of the  Group's  Inventories  as  a  key  audit  matter  because  of the significance of the Inventories to the total assets of the Group and the inherent  risks  involved  in  estimating  future selling  prices,  particularly  in  light  of  the  current  economic circumstances and property market measures introduced in various cities across Mainland China.  Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 17 to the financial statements.  We  conducted  physical  inspection  of  the  Inventories  on a  sample  basis.  We  evaluated  the  valuation  methodology adopted  by  management  for  assessing  the  net  realisable value  of  the  Inventories  and  compared  the  key  estimates and  assumptions  adopted  in  the  valuations,  including  those relating  to  selling  prices,  market  available  data,  historical data,  and  sales  budget  plan  maintained  by  the  Group.  We also  considered  the  competence,  capabilities  and  objectivity of  management's  external  expert.  In  addition,  we  involved our  valuation  expert  to  assist  us  in  critically  assessing  the methodology  and  assumptions  used  in  the  evaluation  of the  net  realisable  value  of  the  Inventories  by  management's external expert.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

| Key audit matter  How our audit addressed the key audit matter  Impairment of mining and exploration rights and exploration  and evaluation assets  The  Group  recognised  an  impairment  provision  of  RMB37,063,000 on the mining and exploration rights and  exploration and evaluation assets of ZSL (the 'ZSL CGU')  as at 30 June 2022. Given that the mining results this year  were  still  not  as  good  as  expected,  the  management  of  the Group engaged an independent professionally qualified  valuer  to  evaluate  the  recoverable  amounts  of  the  ZSL  CGU,  which  is  the  higher  of  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal and its value in use. Based on the valuation report,  provision  of  RMB10,119,000  has  been  made  in  current  year.  This area was important to our audit because the carrying  values  of  ZSL  CGU  of  RMB42,660,000  was  significant  to  the  Group  and  significant  judgement  was  involved  in  the  assessment  of  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  ZSL  CGU.  This  assessment  required  management  to  make  assumptions, of which the most critical were the future gold  prices, production volume and discount rate.  Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 15 to  the financial statements.  We considered the competence, capabilities and objectivity of  management's external expert. We evaluated the methodology  and  assumptions  used  by  management  and  management's  external  expert  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  assets. We compared management's gold price assumptions  with  the  latest  market  evidence  available,  including  forward  curves, brokers' estimates and other long-term price forecasts.  We checked the consistency of the forecast production volume  against  the  development  plan  of  the  gold  mine.  We  also  involved our valuation expert to assist us in critically assessing  the  methodology  and  assumptions  applied  in  the  model,  including the discount rate.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

| Key audit matter  How our audit addressed the key audit matter  Impairment assessment of goodwill  As at 30 June 2022, goodwill of RMB19,968,000 in relation to business combination was recorded by the Group. The goodwill  is  related  to  the  physical  assets  and  intangible assets used in cash-generating unit ('CGU'). According to HKAS 36, goodwill is subject to impairment testing at least at  the  end of each financial year. The management of the Group  engaged  an  independent  professionally  qualified valuer  to  evaluate  the  recoverable  amounts  of  the  CGU. Based on the valuation report, no provision was needed as at the year end.  We identified the impairment assessment of goodwill as a key audit matter because of the significance of the balance of goodwill to the Group, and significant judgements were involved  in  the  assessment  of  recoverable  amount  of the  CGU,  including  assumptions  such  as  business  plan, future cashflow and discount rate. Related disclosures are included in note 2.4, 3 and 14 to the financial statements.  We considered the competence, capabilities and objectivity of  management's external expert. We evaluated the methodology  and  assumptions  used  by  management  and  management's  external  expert  to  estimate  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGU. We checked the rationality and reliability of the business  plan and future cash flow. We checked the consistency of the  forecast,  and  we  also  involved  our  valuation  expert  to  assist  us  in  critically  assessing  the  methodology  and  assumptions  applied in the model, including the discount rate.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other  information  and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair  view  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates  and  related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

## Independent Auditor's Report (Continued)

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also  provide  the  Audit  Committee  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Mr. Hui Kin Fai, Stephen.

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants

29 September 2022

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Year ended 30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  REVENUE  5  32,957  34,246  Cost of sales  (21,255)  (25,647)  Gross profit  11,702  8,599  Other income and gains  5  3,607  1,855  Selling and distribution expenses  (748)  (455)  Administrative expenses  (15,973)  (11,403)  Impairment losses on financial assets  (833)  -  Other expenses  (763)  (4,098)  Finance costs  7  (1)  (36)  (3,009)  (5,538)  Provision for impairment on intangible assets  15  (10,119)  -  LOSS BEFORE TAX  6  (13,128)  (5,538)  Income tax expense  10  (3,663)  (1,621)  LOSS FOR THE YEAR  (16,791)  (7,159)  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)  Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations  16,572  (6,623)  Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to  profit or loss in subsequent periods:  Exchange differences on translation of the Company's  financial statements  424  -  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR  16,996  (6,623)  TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR  205  (13,782)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)

Year ended 30 June 2022

| Loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (10,818)  (6,381)  Non-controlling interests  (5,973)  (778)  (16,791)  (7,159)  Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (2,712)  (10,413)  Non-controlling interests  2,917  (3,369)  205  (13,782)  LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY  HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY  11  RMB cents  RMB cents  Basic and diluted  (0.37)  (0.22)  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  12  871  1,072  Investment properties  13  1,590  2,700  Right-of-use assets  86  -  Goodwill  14  19,968  4,821  Other intangible assets  15  43,412  37,722  Deferred tax assets  25  8,383  4,761  Total non-current assets  74,310  51,076  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  17  104,967  62,668  Trade receivables  18  32,987  16,911  Deposits and other receivables  19  9,641  1,924  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  20  2,700  -  Pledged deposits  21  235  235  Cash and cash equivalents  21  29,643  51,622  180,173  133,360  Non-current assets classified as held for sale  16  -  747  Total current assets  180,173  134,107  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Trade payables  22  12,462  9,378  Other payables and accruals  23  31,065  11,442  Contract liabilities  24  4,049  2,155  Lease liabilities  92  -  Amount due to related companies  33  30,157  -  Tax payable  28,276  22,930  Total current liabilities  106,101  45,905  NET CURRENT ASSETS  74,072  88,202  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  148,382  139,278   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)

30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  148,382  139,278  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Deferred tax liabilities  25  2,027  1,370  Total non-current liabilities  2,027  1,370  Net assets  146,355  137,908  EQUITY  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  Issued capital  26  253,688  253,688  Other reserves  27  (139,342)  (136,630)  114,346  117,058  Non-controlling interests  32,009  20,850  Total equity  146,355  137,908   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mu Dongsheng Director

Du Yun Director

At 1 July 2021

Loss for the year

Other comprehensive loss for the year:

Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year

Acquisition of subsidiaries

Acquisition of non-controlling interests

Disposal of a subsidiary

Transfer to statutory reserve

At 30 June 2022

Issued capital

RMB'000

253,688

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

253,688

Share premium

account

RMB'000

678,834

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

678,834*

Statutory reserve

RMB'000

9,850

-

-

-

-

-

-

898

10,748*

Capital reserve

RMB'000

19

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

19*

Contribution reserve

RMB'000

48,448

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

48,448*

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

Year ended 30 June 2022

| ## Attributable to owners of the Company  Issued  capital  Share  premium  account  Non-  redeemable  convertible  preferred  shares  Statutory  reserve  Capital  reserve  Contribution  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total equity  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 July 2020  252,856  676,605  2,252  9,433  19  48,448  (10,179)  (852,777)  126,657  24,219  150,876  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (6,381)  (6,381)  (778)  (7,159)  Other comprehensive loss for the year:  Exchange differences on translation  of foreign operations  -  -  -  -  -  -  (4,032)  -  (4,032)  (2,591)  (6,623)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (4,032)  (6,381)  (10,413)  (3,369)  (13,782)  Issue of shares upon conversion of non-redeemable  convertible preference shares  832  2,229  (2,252)  -  -  -  -  5  814  -  814  Transfer to statutory reserve  -  -  -  417  -  -  -  (417)  -  -  -  At 30 June 2021  253,688  678,834*  -  9,850*  19*  48,448*  (14,211)*  (859,570)*  117,058  20,850  137,908   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Attributable to owners of the Company

Exchange fluctuation

reserve

RMB'000

(14,211)

-

8,106

8,106

-

-

-

-

(6,105)*

Accumulated losses

RMB'000

(859,570)

(10,818)

-

(10,818)

-

-

-

(898)

(871,286)*

Total

RMB'000

117,058

(10,818)

8,106

(2,712)

-

-

-

-

114,346

Non- controlling

interests

RMB'000

20,850

(5,973)

8,890

2,917

6,793

955

494

-

32,009

Total equity

RMB'000

137,908

(16,791)

16,996

205

6,793

955

494

-

146,355

* These reserve accounts comprise a deficit in the consolidated other reserves of RMB139,342,000 (2021: RMB136,630,000) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

Note: The board of directors does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2022 (2021: Nil).

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended 30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before tax  (13,128)  (5,538)  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  7  1  36  Interest income  5  (502)  (1,062)  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  5  -  (99)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  5  (1,509)  -  Loss on disposal of investment properties  6  257  -  Impairment of assets held for sale  6  -  313  Depreciation  6  269  226  Amortisation of intangible assets  6  495  516  Impairment on intangible assets  6  10,119  -  Fair value loss on investment properties  6  110  800  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value  6  -  2,823  Reversal of inventories provision  (19)  -  Impairment of trade receivable  6  833  -  (3,074)  (1,985)  Decrease/(increase) in inventories  800  (29,839)  Increase in trade receivables  (9,386)  (3,139)  Increase in deposits and other receivables  (2,616)  (897)  Decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  -  5,303  Decrease in pledged deposits  -  271  Increase in trade payables  1,264  3,854  Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals  5,223  (88)  Increase in amount due to related companies  (4,767)  -  Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities  1,748  (2,672)  Decrease in non-current assets held for sale  747  -  Cash used in operations  (10,061)  (29,192)  Taxes paid  (3,334)  (3,605)  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (13,395)  (32,797)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)

Year ended 30 June 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (13,395)  (32,797)  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest received  502  1,062  Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment  (147)  (376)  Proceeds from disposal of investment properties  743  930  Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  -  359  Acquisition of subsidiaries  29  (8,363)  -  Disposal of a subsidiary  (246)  -  Purchase of wealth management products  (2,700)  -  Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities  (10,211)  1,975  NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (23,606)  (30,822)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  51,622  84,596  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net  1,627  (2,152)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  29,643  51,622  ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Cash and bank balances  21  29,643  51,622   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements

30 June 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

Kingwell Group Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P .O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, the Cayman Islands.

During the year, the Group was involved in the following principal activities:

- sale of properties and parking lots
- provision of property management services, construction services and sales agency service
- gold mining

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name  Place of incorporation/  registration and business  Issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  Stephigh Group Limited  British Virgin Islands  ('BVI')/Hong Kong  US$50,000  100%  -  Investment holding  Well Gold Group Limited  Hong Kong  HK$1  100%  -  Investment holding  Commerce Prosper Limited  BVI/Hong Kong  US$67,115  51%  -  Investment holding  Rise Win Group Limited  BVI/Hong Kong  US$50,000  -  100%  Investment holding  Rising Ray China Group Limited  Hong Kong  HK$10,000  -  100%  Investment holding  Anlu Taihe Real Estate  Development Company  ('  安陸泰合房地產開發有限公司  ')*  PRC/Mainland China  RMB30,000,000  -  100%  Development and sale  of real estate  Zolotoy Standart Limited ('ZSL')  Russia  RUB10,000  -  100%  Gold mining  Xuzhou Taihua Property Service Co.,  Ltd. ('  徐州泰華物業管理有限公司  ')  ('Xuzhou Taihua')  PRC/Mainland China  RMB2,000,000  -  100%  Property management  services  Jiangsu Tianan Hongji Property  Management Co., Ltd.  ('  江蘇天安鴻基物業管理有限公司  '  ）  PRC/Mainland China  RMB10,000,000  -  100%  Property management  services   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

## Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

| Name  Place of incorporation/  registration and business  Issued ordinary/  registered  share capital  Percentage of equity  attributable to the Company  Principal activities  Direct  Indirect  China Integration Group Limited  Hong Kong  HK$100,000  -  100%  Investment holding  Shenzhen Integration  Holding Group Co., LTD.  ('  深圳融匯控股集團有限公司  '  ）  *  PRC/Mainland China  RMB10,000,000  -  100%  Investment holding  Xuzhou Integration Commercial  Management Co., Ltd.  ('  徐州融匯商業管理有限公司  '  ）  PRC/Mainland China  RMB2,000,000  -  100%  Property management  services  Guangzhou Integration Chain Life  Technology Co., Ltd. ('Guangzhou  Integration'  ）  ('  廣州融匯鏈生活科技  有限公司  '  ）  ***  PRC/Mainland China  RMB2,000,000  -  51%  Commercial services  Huizhou Huiyang Peninsula One  Property Management Co., Ltd.  ('Peninsula One')  ('  惠州市惠陽半島一號物業管  理有限公司  '  ）  **  PRC/Mainland China  RMB3,000,000  -  51%  Property management  services  Shenzhen Hailian Property Management  Co., Ltd. ('Shenzhen Hailian')  ('  深圳市海聯物業管理有限公司  '  ）  **  PRC/Mainland China  RMB3,000,000  -  51%  Property management  services  Zhaoqing Hailian Property Management  Co., Ltd.  ('  肇慶市海聯物業管理有限公司  '  ）  **  PRC/Mainland China  RMB1,000,000  -  51%  Property management  services  Huizhou Huiyang Peninsula New City  Property Management Co., Ltd.  ('  惠州市惠陽半島新城市  物業管理有限公司  '  ）  **  PRC/Mainland China  RMB1,000,000  -  51%  Property management  services  Foshan Integration Commercial  Management Co., Ltd.  ('  佛山市融匯商業管理有限公司  '  ）  PRC/Mainland China  RMB2,000,000  -  51%  Property management  services   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Registered as a wholly-foreign-owned enterprise under the People's Republic of China ('PRC') law.

** During the year, the Group acquired four new subsidiaries from a third party. Further details of this acquisition are included in note 29.

*** Disposed on 30 June 2022. Further details of this disposal are included in note 30.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards ('HKFRSs')  (which  include  all  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards  ('HKASs') and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants ('HKICPA'), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention,  except  for  investment  properties  and  financial  assets  at  fair  value through  profit  or  loss  which  have  been  measured  at  fair  value.  These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Renminbi ('RMB') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively referred to as the 'Group') for the year ended 30 June 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All intragroup assets and liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between  members  of  the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group's share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year's financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7 HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Amendment to HKFRS 16  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform- Phase 2  Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:

- (a) Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues not dealt with in  the previous amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark is replaced with an alternative risk-free rate ('RFR'). The amendments provide a practical expedient to allow the effective interest rate to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount of financial assets and liabilities when accounting for changes in  the  basis  for  determining  the  contractual  cash  flows  of  financial  assets  and  liabilities,  if  the  change  is  a  direct consequence of the interest rate benchmark reform and the new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is  economically  equivalent  to  the  previous  basis  immediately  preceding  the  change.  In  addition,  the  amendments permit  changes  required  by  the  interest  rate  benchmark  reform  to  be  made  to  hedge  designations  and  hedge documentation without the hedging relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could arise on transition are dealt with through the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure and recognise hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments also provide a temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement when an RFR is  designated  as  a  risk  component.  The  relief  allows  an  entity,  upon  designation  of  the  hedge,  to assume  that  the  separately  identifiable  requirement  is  met,  provided  the  entity  reasonably  expects  the  RFR  risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months. Furthermore, the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of financial statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity's financial instruments and risk management strategy. The amendment did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.
- (b) Amendment to HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for lessees to elect not  to  apply  lease  modification  accounting  for  rent  concessions  arising  as  a  direct  consequence  of  the  covid-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the practical expedient applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June 2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after 1 April 2021 with any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendment recognised as an adjustment to  the  opening  balance  of  retained  profits  at  the  beginning  of  the  current  accounting  period.  Earlier  application  is permitted. The amendment did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group as the Group did not obtain any rent concessions.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements.

Amendments to HKFRS 3

Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1

Amendments to HKFRS 10

and HKAS 28 (2011)

Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor

and its Associate or Joint Venture 3

HKFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 2

Amendments to HKFRS 17

Insurance Contracts 2, 5

Amendments to HKAS 1

Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2, 4

Amendments to HKAS 1 and

HKFRS Practice Statement 2

Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2

Amendments to HKAS 8

Definition of Accounting Estimates 2

Amendments to HKAS 12

Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 2

Amendments to HKAS 16

Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1 Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1

Amendments to HKAS 37

Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020

Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41 1

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
- 5 As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023

Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

Amendments  to  HKFRS  3  are  intended  to  replace  a  reference  to  the  previous Framework  for  the  Preparation  and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle  for  an  entity  to  refer  to  the  Conceptual  Framework  to  determine  what  constitutes  an  asset  or  a  liability.  The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify  that  contingent  assets  do  not  qualify  for  recognition  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  expects  to  adopt  the amendments prospectively from 1 July 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these amendments on the date of transition.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Amendments  to  HKFRS  10  and  HKAS  28  (2011)  address  an  inconsistency  between  the  requirements  in  HKFRS  10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.  The  amendments  require  a  full  recognition  of  a  gain  or  loss  resulting  from  a  downstream  transaction  when the  sale  or  contribution  of  assets  between  an  investor  and  its  associate  or  joint  venture  constitutes  a  business.  For  a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor's profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor's interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.

Amendments  to  HKAS  1 Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current  clarify  the  requirements  for  classifying liabilities  as  current  or  non-current.  The  amendments  specify  that  if  an  entity's  right  to  defer  settlement  of  a  liability  is subject to the entity  complying with specified conditions, the entity has a right to defer settlement of the liability at the end of the reporting period if it complies with those conditions at that date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that  are  considered  a  settlement  of  a  liability.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1 January 2023 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments  to  HKAS  1  Disclosure  of  Accounting  Policies  require  entities  to  disclose  their  material  accounting  policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together  with  other  information  included  in  an  entity's  financial  statements,  it  can  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments on the Group's accounting policy disclosures.

Amendments  to  HKAS  8  clarify  the  distinction  between  changes  in  accounting  estimates  and  changes  in  accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty.  The  amendments  also  clarify  how  entities  use  measurement  techniques  and  inputs  to  develop  accounting estimates.  The  amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to  changes  in  accounting  policies  and  changes  in  accounting  estimates  that  occur  on  or  after  the  start  of  that  period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception so that it no longer applies to transactions that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences,  such  as  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall  be  applied  to  transactions  related  to  leases  and  decommissioning  obligations  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted.

The Group has applied the initial  recognition  exception  and  did  not  recognise  a  deferred  tax  asset  and  a  deferred  tax liability for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. Upon initial application of these amendments, the Group will recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, and recognise the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.

Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and shall be applied retrospectively only to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs  that  relate  directly  to  fulfilling  that  contract  (e.g.,  an  allocation  of  the  depreciation  charge  for  an  item  of  property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative  costs  do  not  relate  directly  to  a  contract  and  are  excluded  unless  they  are  explicitly  chargeable  to  the counterparty under the contract. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and shall be applied to contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning of the annual reporting period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any cumulative effect of initially applying  the  amendments  shall  be  recognised  as  an  adjustment  to  the  opening  equity  at  the  date  of  initial  application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Annual  Improvements  to  HKFRSs  2018-2020  sets  out  amendments  to  HKFRS  1,  HKFRS  9,  Illustrative  Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

- HKFRS 9 Financial  Instruments:  clarifies  the  fees  that  an  entity  includes  when  assessing  whether  the  terms  of  a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other's behalf. An entity applies the amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. Earlier application is permitted. The amendment is not expected to have a significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
- HKFRS 16 Leases: removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements. This removes potential confusion regarding the treatment of lease incentives when applying HKFRS 16.

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Business combinations and goodwill

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

Goodwill  is  initially  measured  at  cost,  being  the  excess  of  the  aggregate  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group's previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.  Goodwill  is  tested  for impairment  annually  or  more  frequently  if  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  value  may  be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 30 June. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

Impairment  is  determined  by  assessing  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  (group  of  cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

## Fair value measurement

The  Group  measures  its  investment  properties  and  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  at  the  end  of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability,  or  in  the  absence  of  a  principal  market,  in  the  most  advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal  or  the  most  advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured  using  the  assumptions  that  market  participants  would  use  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability,  assuming  that market participants act in their economic best interest.

A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Fair value measurement (Continued)

All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 -based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 -based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable

For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets, financial assets and investment properties), the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. An asset's recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  the  asset's  or  cash-generating  unit's  value  in  use  and  its  fair  value  less  costs  of disposal,  and  is  determined  for  an  individual  asset,  unless  the  asset  does  not  generate  cash  inflows  that  are  largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  (net  of  any  depreciation/amortisation)  had  no  impairment  loss  been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Related parties

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group; (If the Group is itself such a plan) and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key  management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained in the accounting policy for 'Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale'. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure  incurred  after  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  been  put  into  operation,  such  as  repairs  and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria  are  satisfied,  the  expenditure  for  a  major  inspection  is  capitalised  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  as  a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Buildings  3.6%  Leasehold improvements  33.3%  Plant and machinery  9%-20%  Furniture and fixtures  18%  Motor vehicles  10%-28%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where  parts  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  different  useful  lives,  the  cost  of  that  item  is  allocated on  a  reasonable  basis  among  the  parts  and  each  part  is  depreciated  separately.  Residual  values,  useful  lives  and  the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon disposal or  when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and capitalised borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation, rather  than  for  use  in  the  production  or  supply  of  goods  or  services  or  for  administrative  purposes;  or  for  sale  in  the ordinary  course  of  business.  Such  properties  are  measured  initially  at  cost,  including  transaction  costs.  Subsequent  to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.

Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

## Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

## Exploration and evaluation assets

Exploration  and  evaluation  assets  are  stated  at  cost  less  impairment  losses.  Exploration  and  evaluation  assets  include topographical and geological surveys, exploratory drilling, sampling and trenching and activities in relation to commercial and  technical  feasibility  studies,  and  expenditure  incurred  to  secure  further  mineralisation  in  existing  ore  bodies  and  to expand the  capacity  of  a  mine.  Expenditure  incurred  prior  to  acquiring  legal  rights  to  explore  an  area  is  written  off  as incurred. When it can be reasonably ascertained that a mining property is capable of commercial production, exploration and evaluation costs are transferred to mining rights and are amortised based on the accounting policy as stated in 'Mining and exploration rights' below. If any project is abandoned during the evaluation stage, the total expenditure thereon will be written off.

## Mining and exploration rights

Mining and exploration rights, including transferred exploration and evaluation assets, are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses. The mining and exploration rights are amortised over the estimated useful lives of the mines in accordance with the production plan of the entities concerned and the proven and probable reserves of the mines using the unit-of-production method. Mining and exploration rights are written off to profit or loss if the mining property is abandoned.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)

## Property management contract and customer relationship

Property management contract and customer relationship acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. The contractual customer relations have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation.  Amortisation  is  calculated  using  the  straight-line  method  over  the  expected  life  of  five  years  from  the acquisition date for the property management contract and customer relationship.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the lease  commencement  date  because  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is  not  readily  determinable.  After  the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

- (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a  purchase  option).  It  also  applies  the  recognition  exemption  for  leases  of  low-value  assets  to  leases  of  office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Group as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial assets are classified, at initial  recognition,  as  subsequently measured at amortised cost and fair value through profit or loss.

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics and the Group's business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the  financial  assets,  or  both.  Financial  assets  classified  and  measured  at  amortised  cost  are  held  within  a  business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

## Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective  interest  method  and  are  subject  to impairment.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

## Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

This  category  includes  derivative  instruments  and  equity  investments  which  the  Group  had  not  irrevocably  elected  to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

When  the  Group  has  transferred  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  an  asset  or  has  entered  into  a  pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise to the transferred asset to the extent of the Group's continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing  involvement  that  takes  the  form  of  a  guarantee  over  the  transferred  asset  is  measured  at  the  lower  of  the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Impairment of financial assets

The  Group  recognises  an  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs')  for  all  debt  instruments  not  held  at  fair  value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

## General approach (Continued)

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  are  subject  to  impairment  under  the  general  approach  and  they  are  classified  within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2 -Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3 -Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## Simplified approach

For  trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  or  when  the  Group  applies  the  practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a  loss  allowance  based  on  lifetime  ECLs  at  each  reporting  date.  The  Group  has  established  a  provision  matrix  that  is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as payables, as appropriate.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value.

The Group's financial liabilities include trade and other payables.

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial liabilities (Continued)

## Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)

After  initial  recognition,  interest-bearing  loans  and  borrowings  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost,  using  the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains  and  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are  derecognised  as  well  as  through  the  effective interest rate amortisation process.

Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expired.

When an existing  financial  liability  is  replaced  by  another  from  the  same  lender  on  substantially  different  terms,  or  the terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified,  such  an  exchange  or  modification  is  treated  as  a  derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

## Completed properties held for sale

Completed properties held for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost includes all development expenditure, applicable borrowing costs and other direct costs attributable to such properties. Cost is determined by an apportionment of the total costs of land and buildings attributable to unsold properties. Net realisable value is determined by the directors based on the prevailing market prices on an individual property basis less costs to be incurred in selling the property.

## Parking lots

Parking lots are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Cash and cash equivalents

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  cash  and  cash  equivalents  comprise  cash  on  hand  and demand  deposits,  and  short  term  highly  liquid  investments  that  are  readily  convertible  into  known  amounts  of  cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Income tax

Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  amount  expected  to  be  recovered  from  or  paid  to  the  taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries,  when  the  timing  of  the reversal  of  the  temporary  differences  can  be  controlled  and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  differences  will  not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

- when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## PRC land appreciation tax ('LAT')

According to the requirements of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT （中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例） effective from 1 January 1994 and the Detailed Implementation Rules on the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on LAT （中華人民共和國土地增值稅暫行條例實施細則） effective from 27 January 1995, all income from the sale or transfer of state-owned land use rights and buildings in Mainland China (being the proceeds from sales of properties less deductible expenditures  including  borrowing  costs  and  property  development  expenditures)  is  subject  to  LAT  at  progressive  rates ranging  from  30%  to  60%  of  the  appreciation  of  land  value  with  an  exemption  provided  for  property  sales  of  ordinary residential  properties （普通標準住宅） if  their  appreciation  values  do  not  exceed  20%  of  the  sum  of  the  total  deductible items.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to which the Group will  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  the  goods  or  services  to  the  customer.  The  variable  consideration  is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of  cumulative  revenue  recognised  will  not  occur  when  the  associated  uncertainty  with  the  variable  consideration  is subsequently resolved.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the  amount  receivable,  discounted  using  the  discount  rate  that  would  be  reflected  in  a  separate  financing  transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides  the  Group  with  a  significant  financial  benefit  for  more  than  one  year,  revenue  recognised  under  the  contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

## (a) Sale of properties and parking lots

Revenue from the sale of properties and parking lots is recognised at a point in time when the purchasers obtained the  physical  possession  or  the  legal  title  of  the  properties  and  parking  lots  and  the  Group  has  a  present  right  to payment and the collection of the consideration is probable.

## (b) Construction services

Revenue from the  provision  of  construction  services  is  recognised  over  time,  using  an  input  method  to  measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the services, because the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.

- (c) Provision of property management services

Revenue from the provision of property management services is recognised over the scheduled period on a straightline basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

## (d) Parking services

Revenue from the provision of parking services is recognised over the scheduled period on a straight-line basis.

## Revenue from other sources

Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

## Other income

Interest  income  is  recognised  on  an  accrual  basis  using  the  effective  interest  method  by  applying  the  rate  that  exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Contract liabilities

A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).

## Other employee benefits

## Pension schemes

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  retirement  benefit  scheme  (the  'MPF  Scheme') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of those employees in Hong Kong who are eligible to participate. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

The employees of the Group's subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

## Dividends

Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.

Interim  dividends  are  simultaneously  proposed  and  declared,  because  the  Company's  memorandum  and  articles  of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

## Foreign currencies

These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Renminbi  ('RMB').The  functional  currency  of  the  Company  is  the  Hong Kong dollar ('HK$'). Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements  of  each  entity  are  measured  using  that  functional  currency.  Foreign  currency  transactions  recorded  by  the entities  in  the  Group  are  initially  recorded  using  their  respective  functional  currency  rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the transactions.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  at  the  functional  currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currencies (Continued)

Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on retranslation of a nonmonetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

In  determining  the  exchange  rate  on  initial  recognition  of  the  related  asset,  expense  or  income  on  the  derecognition  of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date  on  which  the  Group  initially  recognises  the  non-monetary  asset  or  non-monetary  liability  arising  from  the  advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

The functional currency of the subsidiaries in Mainland China is RMB, while the functional currencies of the subsidiaries outside Mainland China are HK$ and the Russian ruble ('RUB'). As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities  of  those  entities  with  the  functional  currencies  other  than  RMB  are  translated  into  RMB  at  exchange  rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their profits or losses are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

The  resulting  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  in  the  exchange fluctuation  reserve.  On  disposal  of  a  foreign  operation,  the  component  of  other  comprehensive  income  relating  to  that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

For  the  purpose  of  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows,  the  cash  flows  of  those  entities  of  which  the  functional currencies are currencies other than RMB are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows.  Frequently  recurring  cash  flows  of  those  entities  which  arise  throughout  the  year  are  translated  into  RMB  at  the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts  of  revenues,  expenses,  assets  and  liabilities,  and  their  accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:

## Property lease classification - Group as lessor

The Group has entered into commercial property leases on its investment property portfolio. The Group has determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions of the arrangements, such as the lease term not constituting a major part of the economic life of the commercial property and the present value of the minimum lease payments not amounting to substantially all the fair value of the commercial property, that it retains substantially all the significant risks and rewards incidental to ownership of these properties which are leased out and accounts for the contracts as operating leases.

## Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties

The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed criteria in making that judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group considers whether a property generates cash flows largely independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the portions could not be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production or  supply  of  goods  or  services  or  for  administrative  purposes.  Judgement  is  made  on  an  individual  property  basis  to determine whether ancillary services are so significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.

## Recognition of a deferred tax liability for withholding taxes

Deferred  income  tax  liability  has  been  established  for  withholding  tax  that  would  be  payable  on  certain  profit  of  the subsidiaries in Mainland China to be repatriated and distributed by way of dividends.

## Estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Estimation of the useful life of a property management contract and customer relationship identified in a business combination

Property  management  contract  and  customer  relationship  identified  in  a  business  combination  on  the  acquisition  date is  recognised  as  an  intangible  asset,  which  amounted  to  RMB752,000  as  at  30  June  2022.The  property  management contract and customer relationship relate to the existing property management contract of an acquired business on the acquisition  date  with  no  specific  expiration  date.  Based  on  industry  experience,  termination  or  non-renewal  of  property management contracts with the property developers or the property owners' association is uncommon. The Group thus estimates the useful life and determines the amortisation period to be five years starting from the acquisition date.

However, the actual useful life may be shorter or longer than estimated, depending on the Group's ability to secure its contract and relationship with the property developer or renew the contract with property owners' association in the future. Where the actual contract period is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying amount of the property management contract and customer relationship and the amortisation expenses in the periods in which such estimate has been changed. Further details are given in note 15.

## Impairment of goodwill

The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 30 June 2022 was RMB19,968,000 (30 June 2021: RMB4,821,000). Further details are given in note 14.

## Estimation of fair value of investment properties

In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information from a variety of sources, including:

- (a) current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to reflect those differences;
- (b) recent  prices  of  similar  properties  in  less  active  markets,  with  adjustments  to  reflect  any  changes  in  economic conditions since the date of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and
- (c) discounted cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms of any existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as current market rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount rates that reflect current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows.

The  principal  assumptions  for  the  Group's  estimation  of  the  fair  value  include  those  related  to  recent  market  selling prices  for  similar  properties  in  the  same  location  and  condition,  appropriate  discount  rates,  and  expected  future maintenance costs. The carrying amount of investment properties at 30 June 2022 was RMB1,590,000 (30 June 2021: RMB2,700,000). Further details are given in note 13.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Mineral reserves

Engineering estimates of the Group's mineral resources are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the assumptions involved in developing such information.

There are authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that have to be met before estimated mineral reserves can be designated as 'proven' and 'probable'. Proven and probable mineral reserve estimates are updated on a regular basis and have taken into account recent production and technical information about each mine. In addition, as prices and cost level change from year to year, the estimate of proven and probable mineral reserves also changes. This change is considered a change in estimate for accounting purposes and is reflected on a prospective basis in related depreciation/ amortisation rates.

Despite  the  inherent  imprecision  in  these  engineering  estimates,  these  estimates  are  used  in  determining  depreciation/ amortisation  expenses  and  impairment  losses.  Depreciation/amortisation  rates  of  the  mining  structures  and  mining  and exploration  rights  are  determined  based  on  the  proven  and  probable  mineral  reserve  quantity  (the  denominator)  and capitalised costs of the mining structures or mining rights (the numerator).

## Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cashgenerating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm's length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

## Net realisable value of inventories

The  Group  writes  down  inventories  including  property  held  for  sale  and  parking  lots,  to  net  realisable  value  based  on assessment of  the  realisability  of  the  inventories,  which  takes  into  account  net  sales  value  based  on  prevailing  market conditions. If there is a decrease in net sales value, the net realisable value will decrease, which may result in writing down the inventories to net realisable value. Write-downs are recorded where events or changes in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be realised. The identification of write-downs requires the use of judgement and estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, the carrying value of inventories is adjusted in the period in which such estimate is changed.

## Deferred tax assets

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  unused  tax  losses  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profit  will  be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of  deferred  tax  assets  that  can  be  recognised,  based  upon  the  likely  timing  and  level  of  future  taxable  profits  together with  future  tax  planning  strategies.  No  deferred  tax  assets  related  to  tax  losses  are  recognised  as  they  have  arisen  in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## LAT

The Group is subject to LAT in Mainland China. The provision for LAT is based on management's best estimates according to its understanding of the requirements set forth in the relevant PRC tax laws and regulations. The actual LAT liabilities are subject to the determination by the tax authorities upon completion of the property development projects. The Group has finalised its LAT calculations and payments with the tax authorities for certain property development projects. The final outcome could be different from the amounts that were initially recorded, and any differences will impact the LAT expenses and the related provision in the period in which the differences realise.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services and has two reportable operating segments as follows:

- (a) the gold mining segment engages in mining and sale of gold; and
- (b) the  property  development,  property  leasing  and  property  management  services  segment  engages  in  the development of villas, apartments and commercial buildings, property leasing of self-owned properties, the sale of parking lots and the provision of property management services and construction services.

Management monitors the results of the Group's operating segments separately for purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on reportable segment loss, which is a measure of adjusted loss before tax. The adjusted loss before tax is measured consistently with the Group's loss before tax except that interest income, provision for impairment of intangible assets, finance costs as well as head office and corporate expenses are excluded from such measurement.

Segment assets exclude deferred tax assets, pledged deposits, cash and cash equivalents, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and other unallocated head office and corporate assets, as these assets are managed on a group basis.

Segment liabilities  exclude  tax  payable,  amount  due  to  related  companies,  deferred  tax  liabilities  and  other  unallocated head office and corporate liabilities, as these liabilities are managed on a group basis.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

| Year ended 30 June 2022  Property  development,  property leasing  and property  management  services  Gold mining  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segment revenue (note 5)  Sales to external customers  32,614  343  32,957  Other revenue  3,105  -  3,105  35,719  343  36,062  Segment results  6,928  (343)  6,585  Reconciliation:  Interest income  502  Provision for impairment of intangible assets  (10,119)  Corporate and other unallocated expenses  (10,095)  Finance costs  (1)  Loss before tax  (13,128)  Segment assets  161,085  48,102  209,187  Reconciliation:  Corporate and other unallocated assets  45,296  254,483  Segment liabilities  44,258  154  44,412  Reconciliation:  Corporate and other unallocated liabilities  63,716  108,128  Other segment information:  Provision for impairment on intangible assets  -  10,119  10,119  Impairment losses on financial assets  833  -  833  Depreciation and amortisation  764  -  764  Capital expenditure  166  -  166*   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*

Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment including assets arising from the acquisition of subsidiaries.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

| Year ended 30 June 2021  Property  development,  property leasing  and property  management  services  Gold mining  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segment revenue (note 5)  Sales to external customers  31,298  2,948  34,246  Other revenue  793  -  793  32,091  2,948  35,039  Segment results  4,813  398  5,211  Reconciliation:  Interest income  1,062  Corporate and other unallocated expenses  (11,775)  Finance costs  (36)  Loss before tax  (5,538)  Segment assets  133,622  43,109  176,731  Reconciliation:  Corporate and other unallocated assets  8,452  185,183  Segment liabilities  34,714  290  35,004  Reconciliation:  Corporate and other unallocated liabilities  12,271  47,275  Other segment information:  Depreciation and amortisation  742  -  742  Capital expenditure  376  -  376*   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Capital expenditure consists of additions to property, plant and equipment.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical information

## (a) Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Mainland China  32,614  31,298  Russia  343  2,948  32,957  34,246   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

## (b) Non-current assets

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Mainland China  23,093  9,628  Hong Kong  100  116  Russia  42,734  36,571  65,927  46,315   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets, which excludes deferred tax assets.

## Information about major customers

During  the  current  year,  revenue  of  RMB14,891,000  (2021:  RMB15,047,000)  was  derived  from  rendering  of  property leasing and property management services to a single customer.

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  Rendering of property management services  19,626  10,758  Rendering of construction services  8,119  7,892  Parking fee  2,755  -  Sale of parking lots  2,114  2,938  Sale of gold  343  2,948  Sale of properties  -  9,195  Rendering of sales agency service  -  515  32,957  34,246   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information

| For the year ended 30 June 2022  Property  development,  property leasing  and property  management  services  Gold mining  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segments  Types of goods or services  Sale of parking lots  2,114  -  2,114  Property management services  19,626  -  19,626  Construction services  8,119  -  8,119  Sale of gold  -  343  343  Parking fee  2,755  -  2,755  Total revenue from contracts with customers  32,614  343  32,957  Geographical markets  Mainland China  32,614  -  32,614  Russia  -  343  343  Total revenue from contracts with customers  32,614  343  32,957  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  2,114  343  2,457  Services transferred over time  30,500  -  30,500  Total revenue from contracts with customers  32,614  343  32,957   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

| For the year ended 30 June 2021  Property  development,  property leasing  and property  management  services  Gold miming  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Segments  Types of goods or services  Sale of properties  9,195  -  9,195  Sale of parking lots  2,938  -  2,938  Property management services  10,758  -  10,758  Construction services  7,892  -  7,892  Sale agency service  515  -  515  Sale of gold  -  2,948  2,948  Total revenue from contracts with customers  31,298  2,948  34,246  Geographical market  Mainland China  31,298  -  31,298  Russia  -  2,948  2,948  Total revenue from contracts with customers  31,298  2,948  34,246  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  12,648  2,948  15,596  Services transferred over time  18,650  -  18,650  Total revenue from contracts with customers  31,298  2,948  34,246   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (i) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities  at the beginning of the reporting period:  Sale of properties  -  2,604  Sale of parking lots  -  1,626  Property management services  720  542  720  4,772   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Performance obligations

Information about the Group's performance obligations is summarised below:

## Sale of properties/parking lots

For  contracts  entered  into  with  customers  for  the  sale  of  properties/parking  lots,  the  Group  does  not  have  an enforceable  right  to  payment  prior  to  transfer  of  the  relevant  properties/parking  lots  to  customers.  Revenue  from the sale of properties/parking lots is therefore recognised at the point in time when the properties/parking lots are transferred to customers, being the point in time when the customer obtains the control of the properties/parking lots and the Group has a present right to payment and collection of the consideration is probable.

## Property management services

The performance obligation is satisfied  over  time  as  services  are  rendered  and  short-term  advances  are  normally required before rendering the services. Property management service contracts are for periods of from one to three years.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (ii) Performance obligations (Continued)

## Construction services

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is generally due within 180 days from the date of billing.

## Sale agency service

For contracts entered into with customers on the sales agency service, the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment prior to the completion of sales. Revenue from sales agency service is therefore recognised at the point in time when the service is completed, being the point in time when the customer obtains the control of the outcome from sales agency service and the Group has a present right to payment and collection of the consideration is probable.

## Parking fee

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is usually received after the services are rendered.

The  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  (unsatisfied  or  partially unsatisfied) as at 30 June are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:  Within one year  7,828  5,334  After one year  7,183  -  15,011  5,334   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining  performance  obligations  which  are  expected  to  be recognised as revenue after one year relate to property management services, of which the performance obligations are  to  be  satisfied  within  three  years.  All  the  other  amounts  of  transaction  prices  allocated  to  the  remaining performance obligations are expected to be recognised as revenue within one year. The amounts disclosed above do not include variable consideration which is constrained.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other income  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  1,509  -  Sale of goods  667  -  Rental income from investment property operating leases:  Fixed payments  566  350  Interest income from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  442  1,002  Bank interest income  60  60  Others  363  344  3,607  1,756  Gains  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment  -  99  3,607  1,855   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. LOSS BEFORE TAX

The Group's loss before tax is arrived at after charging:

| 2022  2021  Notes  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of inventories sold  1,256  12,123  Cost of services provided  19,999  13,524  Depreciation  12  269  226  Amortisation  15  495  516  Minimum lease payments under operating leases  596  672  Auditor's remuneration  1,986  1,678  Staff costs (excluding directors' remuneration) (note 8):  Salaries and wages  12,965  10,250  Pension scheme contributions  626  497  13,591  10,747  Foreign exchange differences, net*  395  74  Write-down of inventories to net realisable value*  -  2,823  Loss on disposal of investment properties*  257  -  Fair value loss on investment properties*  13  110  800  Impairment of assets held for sale*  -  313  Provision for impairment of intangible assets  15  10,119  -  Impairment of financial assets:  Impairment of trade receivables  18  833  -  Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance)  arising from rental-earning investment properties  -  61   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These amounts were included in 'other expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Interest on:  Lease liabilities  1  -  Non-redeemable convertible preferred shares  -  36  1  36   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements

30 June 2022

## 8. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

Directors'  remuneration  for  the  year,  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  Listing  Rules,  section  383(1)(a),  (b),  (c)  and  (f)  of  the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Fees  317  327  Other emoluments:  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  347  217  664  544   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Independent non-executive directors

The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Mr. Cheung Chuen  119  123  Mr. Ling Aiwen  99  102  Mr. Lu Lin  99  102  317  327   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year (2021: Nil).

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 8. DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (Continued)

## (b) Executive directors

Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind paid to executive directors during the year were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Mr. Mu Dongsheng  199  102  Mr. Du Yun  148  115  347  217   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

## 9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

The five highest paid employees during the year included one (2021: nil) director, details of whose remuneration are set out  in  note  8  above.  Details  of  the  remuneration  of  the  remaining  four  (2021:  remaining  five)  non-director,  highest  paid employees for the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind  1,673  2,013  Pension scheme contributions  44  56  1,717  2,069   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  3  4  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  1  1  4  5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 10. INCOME TAX

The Company is a tax-exempted company registered in the Cayman Islands and conducts substantially all of its business through its subsidiaries established in Mainland China (the 'PRC Subsidiaries') and Russia.

No  provision  for  Hong  Kong  and  Russia  profits  tax  has  been  made  (2021:  Nil)  as  the  Group  did  not  generate  any assessable profits in Hong Kong and Russia during the year. Taxes on profits assessable in Mainland China have been calculated at the rate of 25% (2021: 25%).

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current - Mainland China  Provision for corporate income tax  2,991  1,661  Provision for LAT  420  1,304  Deferred (note 25)  252  (1,344)  Total tax charge for the year  3,663  1,621   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax at the statutory tax rate for Mainland China in which major subsidiaries of the Company are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss before tax  (13,128)  (5,538)  Tax at the Mainland China statutory income tax rate of 25%  (3,282)  (1,384)  Lower tax rates on losses arising elsewhere*  2,338  1,775  Expenses not deductible for tax  1,814  14  Effect of withholding tax at 10% on the distributable profits  of the Group's PRC subsidiaries  1,556  332  Tax losses not recognised  922  2  Tax losses utilised from previous years  -  (96)  Provision for LAT  420  1,304  Tax effect of LAT  (105)  (326)  Tax charge at the Group's effective rate  3,663  1,621   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Elsewhere mainly represented Cayman Islands and Hong Kong.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 11. LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of  the  Company  of  RMB10,818,000  (2021:  RMB6,381,000),  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  of 2,894,091,737 (2021: 2,889,925,070) in issue during the year.

The calculation of the diluted loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in  issue  during  the  year,  as  used  in  the  basic  loss  per  share  calculation,  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

## 12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Furniture  and  fixtures  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  30 June 2022  At 1 July 2021  Cost  1,849  481  532  1,032  3,894  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (1,401)  (474)  (435)  (512)  (2,822)  Net carrying amount  448  7  97  520  1,072  At 1 July 2021, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  448  7  97  520  1,072  Additions  -  -  148  -  148  Acquisition of subsidiaries  -  -  18  -  18  Depreciation provided during the year (note 6)  (70)  (9)  (22)  (168)  (269)  Disposal of a subsidiary (note 30)  -  -  (144)  -  (144)  Exchange realignment  -  2  9  35  46  At 30 June 2022, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  378  -  106  387  871  At 30 June 2022:  Cost  1,849  483  563  1,067  3,962  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (1,471)  (483)  (457)  (680)  (3,091)  Net carrying amount  378  -  106  387  871   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| Buildings  Leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Furniture  and  fixtures  Motor  vehicles  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  30 June 2021  At 1 July 2020  Cost  2,094  528  11  638  1,691  4,962  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  (1,377)  (498)  (11)  (543)  (1,318)  (3,747)  Net carrying amount  717  30  -  95  373  1,215  At 1 July 2020, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  717  30  -  95  373  1,215  Additions  -  -  -  26  350  376  Disposals  (198)  -  -  -  (62)  (260)  Depreciation provided during the year  (note 6)  (71)  (20)  -  (16)  (119)  (226)  Exchange realignment  -  (3)  -  (8)  (22)  (33)  At 30 June 2021, net of accumulated  depreciation and impairment  448  7  -  97  520  1,072  At 30 June 2021:  Cost  1,896  525  -  656  1,957  5,034  Accumulated depreciation  and impairment  (1,448)  (518)  -  (559)  (1,437)  (3,962)  Net carrying amount  448  7  -  97  520  1,072   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Carrying amount at 1 July  2,700  5,490  Disposals  (1,000)  (930)  Net loss from a fair value adjustment (note 6)  (110)  (800)  Transfer to non-current assets classified as held for sale  -  (1,060)  Carrying amount at 30 June  1,590  2,700   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  investment  properties  consist  of  certain  commercial  properties  in  Mainland  China.  The  directors  of  the Company have determined that the investment properties are commercial properties, based on the nature, characteristics and  risks  of  each  property.  The  Group's  investment  properties  were  revalued  on  30  June  2022  based  on  valuations performed by an independent professionally qualified valuer, at RMB1,590,000. Each year, the Group's directors and the chief financial officer decide to appoint which external valuer to be responsible for the external valuations of the Group's properties.  Selection  criteria  include  market  knowledge,  reputation,  independence  and  whether  professional  standards are  maintained.  The  Group's  directors  and  the  chief  financial  officer  have  discussions  with  the  valuer  on  the  valuation assumptions and valuation results when the valuation is performed.

## Fair value hierarchy

The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's investment properties:

| Fair value measurement at 30 June 2022 using  Quoted prices  in active  markets  Significant  observable  inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Recurring fair value measurement for:  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Commercial properties  -  -  1,590  1,590   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Fair value measurement at 30 June 2021 using

Quoted prices

Significant in active

markets

(Level 1)

RMB'000

-

Recurring fair value measurement for:

Commercial properties observable

inputs

(Level 2)

RMB'000

-

Significant unobservable

inputs

(Level 3)

RMB'000

2,700

Total

RMB'000

2,700

During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 (2021: Nil).

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 13. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

## Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

| Commercial  properties  RMB'000  Carrying amount at 30 June 2020 and 1 July 2020  5,490  Disposals  (930)  Net loss from a fair value adjustment recognised in other expense in profit or loss (note 6)  (800)  Transfer to non-current assets classified as held for sale  (1,060)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021  2,700  Disposals  (1,000)  Net loss from a fair value adjustment recognised in other expense in profit or loss (note 6)  (110)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2022  1,590   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

| Valuation technique  Significant unobservable inputs  Range or weighted average  2022  2021  Commercial properties  Direct comparison approach  Market unit sales rate (RMB/sq. m.)  1,960-2,610  2,000-2,800   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The direct comparison approach requires a valuation by assuming sales of the property interests in its existing state with the benefit of vacant possession and by making reference to comparable sales transactions as available in the relevant market and also considers the basis of capitalisation of the net income receivable, if necessary.

A significant increase (decrease) in the estimated market unit sales rate in isolation would result in a significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the investments properties.

## 14. GOODWILL

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At the beginning of the year:  Cost and net carrying amount  4,821  4,821  Cost at 1 July, net of accumulated impairment  4,821  4,821  Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 29)  15,147  -  Cost and net carrying amount at 30 June  19,968  4,821   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing of goodwill

Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the property development, property leasing and property management  services  cash-generating  units  (the  'CGUs')  for  impairment  testing,  both  of  which  are  within  the  same industry and segment so that assumptions applied in the assessment of recoverable amount are the same.

The recoverable amount of each of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a period of five years. The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the period are based on the estimated growth rate of the unit, taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience and the medium or long term growth target of the CGU. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections for the year ended 30 June 2022 is 28.01% (2021: 21.27%), and cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using a growth rate of 2% (2021: 3%), which is consistent with the industry growth estimate.

Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation for the year ended 30 June 2022. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

Budgeted gross margins - The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year.

Discount rate - The discount rate used is before tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant units.

Life  of  the  property  management  contract  -  The  life  of  the  property  management  contract  is  estimated  based  on  the industry practice.

The  values  assigned  to  the  key  assumptions  on  market  development  and  discount  rates  are  consistent  with  external information sources.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Mining and  exploration  rights  Property  management  contract and  customer  relationship  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  30 June 2022  Cost at 1 July 2021, net of accumulated amortisation and  impairment  36,475  1,247  37,722  Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)  -  (495)  (495)  Impairment during the year (note 6)  (10,119)  -  (10,119)  Exchange realignment  16,304  -  16,304  At 30 June 2022  42,660  752  43,412  At 30 June 2022:  Cost  79,723  2,580  82,303  Accumulated amortisation  -  (1,828)  (1,828)  Impairment  (37,063)  -  (37,063)  Net carrying amount  42,660  752  43,412  30 June 2021  Cost at 1 July 2020, net of accumulated amortisation  41,000  1,763  42,763  Amortisation provided during the year (note 6)  -  (516)  (516)  Exchange realignment  (4,525)  -  (4,525)  At 30 June 2021  36,475  1,247  37,722  At 30 June 2021:  Cost  63,419  2,580  65,999  Accumulated amortisation  -  (1,333)  (1,333)  Impairment  (26,944)  -  (26,944)  Net carrying amount  36,475  1,247  37,722   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, due to war and Covid-19, an impairment of RMB10,119,000 (2021: Nil) was recognised to write down the recoverable amount of the mining and exploration right to RMB42,660,000 (30 June 2021: RMB42,000,000).

The recoverable amount is determined by discounting the future cash flows generated from the continuous use of the ZSL CGU. The future cash flows of the ZSL CGU are estimated mainly based on an average gold selling price of RUB3,834 per gram (equivalent to RMB339 per gram) (2021: RUB3,477 per gram, equivalent to RMB305 per gram) over the remaining useful life of the mining and exploration right discounting at a pre-tax discount rate of 38.99% (2021: 26.88%).

## 16. NON-CURRENT ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE

On 13 June 2021 and 30 June 2021, the Group entered into two agreements respectively with individuals to dispose of four investment properties, which were located in Anlu City, Hubei Province, the PRC, at a consideration of RMB747,000. The proceeds have been received in advance and the sale will be completed when the control of properties are transferred to the buyers.

As a result, the above investment properties were classified as non-current assets held for sale as at 30 June 2021.

| 2022  RMB'000  At 1 July 2021  747  Sold  (747)  At 30 June 2022  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. INVENTORIES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Completed properties held for sale  41,997  41,982  Parking lots  62,970  20,686  104,967  62,668   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, impairment provision of RMB2,853,000 (2021: RMB2,871,000) has been recognised to write down the carrying amount of completed properties held for sale to the estimated net realisable value.

On 14 August 2020, Xuzhou Integration Commercial Management Co.,Ltd. ('Jiangsu Ronghui' or ' 徐州融匯商業管理有 限公司 ' in Chinese), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with  Xuzhou  Zhongwei  Real  Estate  Co.,  Ltd.  ('Zhongwei'  or  ' 徐州市中維地產有限公司 '  in  Chinese),  the  property developer, pursuant to which Zhongwei agreed to sell and Jiangsu Ronghui agreed to acquire the three blocks of threestorey commercial shops, which comprise Block 10, Block 11 and Block 12 in Xuzhou Yueqiao Flower Garden Project, Xincheng district, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC at a cash consideration of RMB40,000,000. The acquisition of the commercial shops was completed on 25 January 2021.The Group holds the properties for earning proceeds expected to be derived from sales, and thus records the properties as inventories.

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 17. INVENTORIES (Continued)

Included in parking lots are civil air defence properties which amounted to RMB19.8 million. According to the PRC laws and regulations, new buildings constructed in cities should contain basement areas that can be used for civil air defence purposes in times of war. A developer can manage and use such areas designated as civil air defence properties at other times and generate profits from such use. However, in times of war, such areas may be used by the government at no cost. Increase by RMB42.4 million in the balance of the current year is mainly due to the acquisition of Peninsula One and Shenzhen Hailian which holds 864 units parking lots.

## 18. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables  33,820  16,911  Impairment  (833)  -  32,987  16,911   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  trade  receivables  arise  from  the  sale  of  properties  and  the  provision  of  property  management  services, construction services and sales agency service. Considerations in respect of the properties sold are payable by the buyers in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  related  sale  and  purchase  agreements.  A  credit  period  of  generally  six  months  is granted  to  the  property  developer  for  whom  the  Group  provides  property  management  services,  construction  services and sales agency service. Advanced payment is normally required for the property owners for whom the Group provides management services. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.

An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 month  11,499  4,245  1 to 2 months  1,750  1,329  2 to 3 months  1,950  4,235  Over 3 months  17,788  7,102  32,987  16,911   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL. The expected credit losses on trade receivables are estimated using a provision matrix by reference to past default experience of the debtor and an analysis of the debtor's current financial position. The Group calibrates the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed. Increase in loss allowance by RMB0.83 million was mainly due to increase in past due balance as a result of the acquisition of Peninsula One and Shenzhen Hailian.

The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  RMB'000  At the beginning of year  -  Impairment losses (note 6)  833  At the end of year  833   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables using a provision matrix:

As at 30 June 2022

| Past due  Less than  1 to 3  Over  1 month  months  3 months  Total  Expected credit loss rate  0.00%  0.00%  4.47%  2.46%  Gross carrying amount (RMB'000)  11,499  3,700  18,621  33,820  Expected credit losses (RMB'000)  -  -  833  833   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Maintenance fund  109  -  Deposits  202  80  Other receivables  9,330  1,844  9,641  1,924   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has applied the general approach to provide for expected credit loss on the deposits and other receivables and considered the historical loss rate and adjusted for forward-looking macroeconomic data in calculating the expected credit loss rate. As at 30 June 2022 and 2021, the loss allowance for deposits and other receivables was assessed to be minimal.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 20. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other unlisted investments, at fair value  2,700  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  unlisted  investments  were  wealth  management  products  issued  by  banks  in  Mainland  China.  They  were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.

## 21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and bank balances  29,643  51,622  Pledged deposits  235  235  29,878  51,857  Less: Pledged deposits for banking facilities  (235)  (235)  Cash and cash equivalents  29,643  51,622   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  cash  and  bank  balances  of  the  Group  denominated  in  RMB  amounted  to RMB29,643,000  (2021:  RMB51,622,000).  The  RMB  is  not  freely  convertible  into  other  currencies,  however,  under Mainland China's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

Cash  at  banks  earns  interest  at  floating  rates  based  on  daily  bank  deposit  rates.  Deposits  were  pledged  to  banks  in respect of mortgage loan facilities granted by the banks to the buyers of certain properties developed by the Group. The bank balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 22. TRADE PAYABLES

An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 month  6,502  3,388  1 to 3 months  -  500  3 months to 1 year  30  1,036  Over 1 year  5,930  4,454  12,462  9,378   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 180-day terms.

## 23. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Other payables  31,065  11,442   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of six months.

## 24. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 30 June 2022  30 June 2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short-term advances received from customers  Property management service  3,859  770  Sales of properties  190  1,385  Total contract liabilities  4,049  2,155   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Contract liabilities include short-term advances received from customers in connection with the Group's sale of properties and parking lots and provision of property management services. The increase in contract liabilities in 2022 was due to the increase in short-term advances received from property owners in relation with the property management service.

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 25. DEFERRED TAX

The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

## Deferred tax liabilities

| Withholding  taxes  Fair value  adjustment  of properties  for sale  Revaluation  of properties  Fair value  adjustments  arising from  a business  combination  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 July 2020  725  1,675  540  441  3,381  Charged/(Credited) to profit or loss  for the year (note 10)  332  (731)  (398)  (129)  (926)  At 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021  1,057  944  142  312  2,455  Charged/(Credited) to profit or loss  for the year (note 10)  557  -  (80)  (129)  348  At 30 June 2022  1,614  944  62  183  2,803   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors from  the  foreign  investment  enterprises  established  in  Mainland  China.  The  requirement  is  effective  from  1  January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007.The Group is therefore liable for withholding taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.

## Deferred tax assets

| Write-down  of inventories  to net  realisable  value  Provision  for LAT  Accruals  and other  provision  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 July 2020  674  3,521  1,233  -  5,428  Credited/(charged) to profit or loss  during the year (note 10)  44  204  (17)  187  418  At 30 June 2021 and 1 July 2021  718  3,725  1,216  187  5,846  (Charged)/credited to profit or loss  during the year (note 10)  (5)  85  194  (178)  96  Acquisition of subsidiaries(note 29)  -  -  -  3,217  3,217  At 30 June 2022  713  3,810  1,410  3,226  9,159   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

## Deferred tax assets (Continued)

For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Net deferred tax assets recognised in  the consolidated statement of financial position  8,383  4,761  Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in  the consolidated statement of financial position  (2,027)  (1,370)  Net deferred tax assets  6,356  3,391   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group has no tax losses arising in Mainland China (2021: nil) that will expire in the next five years, for offsetting against future taxable profits.

The Group has tax losses arising in Russia of RMB39,625,000 (2021: RMB38,276,000) that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these tax losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.

## 26. SHARE CAPITAL

## Shares

| 2022  2021  HKD'000  HKD'000  Authorised:  5,000,000,000 (2021: 5,000,000,000) ordinary shares of HK$0.10 each  500,000  500,000  100,000,000 (2021: 100,000,000) non-redeemable convertible  preferred shares of HK$1.00 each  100,000  100,000  600,000  600,000  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Issued and fully paid:  2,894,091,737 (2021: 2,894,091,737) ordinary shares  253,688  253,688   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 26. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

## Shares (Continued)

A summary of movements in the Company's share capital is as follows ：

| Number of  Share capital  shares in issue  RMB'000  At 30 June 2020 and 1 July 2020  2,884,091,737  252,856  Conversion of non-redeemable convertible preferred shares  10,000,000  832  At 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022  2,894,091,737  253,688   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. OTHER RESERVES

The amounts of the Group's reserves and the movements therein for the current  and  prior  years  are  presented  in  the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 51 of the financial statements.

## (i) Share premium account

Under the Companies Law (Revised) of the Cayman Islands, share premium is distributable to shareholders, subject to the condition that the Company cannot declare or pay a dividend, or make a distribution out of share premium if (a) it is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due, or (b) the realisable value of its assets would thereby be less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital account.

## (ii) Statutory reserve

In accordance with the PRC regulations, each of the PRC Subsidiaries is required to allocate 10% of its profit after tax, as determined under the PRC accounting regulations, to the statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its registered capital. Part of the statutory reserve may be used either to offset losses, or to be converted to increase the paid-up capital, provided that the remaining balance after the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital.

## (iii)  Capital contribution reserve

The  capital  contribution  reserve  represents  the  difference  between  the  fair  value  of  the  interest-free  financial assistance provided by the former shareholder of the Company initially recognised in the financial statements and the nominal amount of cash received/receivable by the Group.

30 June 2022

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

Details of the Group's subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests are set out below:

| 2022  2021  Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:  Commerce Prosper Limited  49%  49%  Shenzhen Hailian  49%  -  Peninsula One  49%  -  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Profit/(loss) for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:  Commerce Prosper Limited  (5,711)  (778)  Shenzhen Hailian  1,034  -  Peninsula One  153  -  Guangzhou Integration  (1,449)  -  (5,973)  (778)  Increase from acquisition of Shenzhen Hailian and Peninsula One  6,793  -  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests of Guangzhou Integration  955  -  Decrease from disposal of Guangzhou Integration  494  -  Exchange reserve  8,890  -  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:  Commerce Prosper Limited  24,029  20,850  Shenzhen Hailian  16,465  -  Peninsula One  (8,485)  -  32,009  20,850   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations.

Commerce Prosper Limited

2022

RMB'000

343

(11,998)

(11,655)

(11,655)

21,857

42,736

(23,803)

(1,305)

(1,305)

Revenue

Total expenses

Loss for the year

Total comprehensive loss for the year

Current assets

Non-current assets

Current liabilities

Net cash flows used in operating activities

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

2021

RMB'000

2,948

(4,535)

(1,587)

(1,587)

10,617

32,223

(290)

(1,932)

(1,932)

| Shenzhen Hailian  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  7,684  -  Total expenses  (5,573)  -  Profit for the year  2,111  -  Total comprehensive income for the year  2,111  -  Current assets  51,990  -  Non-current assets  7,311  -  Current liabilities  (27,504)  -  Net cash flows from operating activities  5,946  -  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (522)  -  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  5,424  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

30 June 2022

## 28. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

| Peninsula One  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  3,630  -  Total expenses  (3,318)  -  Profit for the year  312  -  Total comprehensive income for the year  312  -  Current assets  43,833  -  Non-current assets  1,130  -  Current liabilities  (62,279)  -  Net cash flows from in operating activities  1,574  -  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  1,574  -  Guangzhou Integration  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  -  -  Total expenses  (2,957)  -  Loss for the year  (2,957)  -  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (2,957)  -  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (510)  -  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (510)  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. BUSINESS COMBINATION

On 29 April 2022, the Group acquired 51% equity interests in Shenzhen Hailian and Peninsula One from a thirty party. Shenzhen Hailian and Peninsula One are engaged in the property management services. The acquisition was made as part of the Group's strategy to expand its market share of property management services in the Mainland China. The purchase consideration for the acquisition was in the form of cash, with RMB10,000,000 paid on 28 April 2022 and the remaining RMB5,500,000 paid on 29 April 2022.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 29. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

The  Group  has  elected  to  measure  the  non-controlling  interests  in  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Peninsula  One  at  the  noncontrolling interests' proportionate share of Shenzhen Hailian's and Peninsula One's identifiable net assets.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Shenzhen Hailian and Peninsula One as at the date of acquisition were as follows:

| Fair value  recognised  on acquisition  Notes  RMB'000  Property, plant and equipment  12  18  Right-of-use assets  105  Deferred tax assets  25  3,217  Inventories  43,200  Trade receivables  7,523  Prepayment, deposits and other receivables  6,434  Cash and bank balances  7,137  Trade payables  (1,820)  Accruals and other payables  (15,110)  Tax payables  (4,919)  Amount due to related companies  (34,924)  Contract liabilities  (3,623)  Lease liabilities  (92)  Total identifiable net assets at fair value  7,146  Non-controlling interests  (6,793)  Goodwill on acquisition  14  15,147  Satisfied by cash  15,500   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair values of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to RMB7,523,000 and  RMB4,270,000,  respectively.  The  gross  contractual  amounts  of  trade  receivables  and  other  receivables  were RMB20,472,000 and RMB5,943,000, respectively, of which trade receivables of RMB12,949,000 and other receivables of RMB1,673,000 are expected to be uncollectible.

The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB2,159,000 for this acquisition. These transaction costs have been expensed and are included in other expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 29. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary is as follows:

| RMB'000  Cash consideration  (15,500)  Cash and bank balances acquired  7,137  Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing activities  (8,363)  Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows from operating activities  (2,159)  (10,522)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Since  the  acquisition,  Shenzhen  Hailian  and  Peninsula  One  contributed  RMB11,335,000  to  the  Group's  revenue  and RMB2,060,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 30 June 2022.

Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue from continuing operations of the Group and the loss of the Group for the year would have been RMB89,697,000 and RMB6,836,000, respectively.

## 30. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

| Note  2022  Net assets disposed of:  Property, plant and equipment  12  144  Inventories  120  Deposits and other receivables  1,843  Cash and bank balances  246  Other payables and accruals  (369)  Contract liabilities  (3,477)  Non-controlling interests  28  494  (999)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  5  1,509  510  Satisfied by:  Cash  510   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 31. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  contingent  liabilities  of  the  Group  not  provided  for  in  the  consolidated  financial statements were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Guarantees given to banks in connection with facilities granted to:  Buyers of certain properties developed by the Group  460  460   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 30 June 2022, banking facilities of RMB460,000 were granted to the buyers of certain properties developed by the Group (2021: RMB460,000).

## 32. LEASES

## (a) The Group as a lessee

The Group has lease contracts for its office premises. The lease terms of all the lease contracts end within 12 months and  the  Group  applies  the  short-term  lease  exemption  upon  adoption  of  HKFRS  16.  An  expense  relating  to  the short-term lease of RMB596,000 was included in administrative expenses during the year.

## (b) The Group as a lessor

The Group leases its Anlu Taihe kindergarten in Mainland China under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally also require the tenants to pay security deposits and fixed rent. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB366,000 (2021: RMB350,000).

The Group leases out property public area in Mainland China. Rental income recognised by the Group during the year was RMB200,000.

At 30 June 2022 and 2021, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under noncancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within one year  31  366  In the second to fifth years, inclusive  -  31  31  397   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Total cash outflow for leases

The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within operating activities  852  667   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## (a) Outstanding balances with related parties:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Amount due to related companies  China Construction Shekou Development Co., Ltd.  (27,617)  -  Huiyang Honghenglong Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.  (1,475)  -  Huizhou Hongfu Real Estate Co., Ltd.  (715)  -  Zhaoqing Jinding Real Estate Co., Ltd.  (350)  -  (30,157)  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Balances  are  derived  from  the  business  combination  occurred  in  2022  as  detailed  in  note  29  to  the  financial statement. And all these balances are unsecured, non-interest-bearing and had no fixed terms of repayment.

## (b) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Short term employee benefits  1,506  1,593  Post-employment benefits  15  15  Total compensation paid to key management personnel  1,521  1,608   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Further details of directors' emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

2022

| Financial assets  at fair value  through  profit or loss  Financial assets  at amortised cost  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Trade receivables  -  32,987  Financial assets included in deposits and other receivables  -  9,641  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  2,700  -  Pledged deposits  -  235  Cash and cash equivalents  -  29,643  2,700  72,506   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Financial liabilities at amortised cost

RMB'000

12,462

20,888

30,157

63,507

Financial liabilities

Trade payables

Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals

Amount due to related companies

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

2021

| Financial assets  at amortised cost  RMB'000  Financial assets  Trade receivables  16,911  Financial assets included in deposits and other receivables  1,924  Pledged deposits  235  Cash and cash equivalents  51,622  70,692  Financial liabilities  at amortised cost  RMB'000  Financial liabilities  Trade payables  9,378  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals  4,963  14,341   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group's financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

| Carrying amounts  Fair values  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  2,700  2,700   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management  has  assessed  that  the  fair  values  of  trade  receivables,  financial  assets  included  in  deposits  and  other receivables,  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  pledged  deposits,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  trade payables and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, amount due to related parties approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

The  Group's  finance  department  headed  by  the  chief  financial  officer  is  responsible  for  determining  the  policies  and procedures  for  the  fair  value  measurement  of  financial  instruments.  The  finance  manager  reports  directly  to  the  chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values  of  financial  instruments  and  determines  the  major  inputs  applied  in  the  valuation.  The  valuation  is  reviewed  and approved by the chief financial officer.

The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The fair value of non-redeemable convertible  preferred  shares  has  been  calculated  by  discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows  using  rates  currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group's own non-performance risk for the non-redeemable convertible preferred shares at the end of each of the years was assessed to be insignificant.

The Group invests in unlisted  investments,  which  represent  financial  products  issued  by  banks  in  Mainland  China.  The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

## Fair value hierarchy

The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group's financial instruments:

## Assets measured at fair value:

As at 30 June 2022

| Fair value measurement using  Quoted prices  in active  markets  Significant  observable  inputs  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Total  (Level 1)  (Level 2)  (Level 3)  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  -  2,700  -  2,700   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no assets measured at fair value as at 30 June 2021.

## Liabilities measured at fair value:

There were no liabilities measured at fair value as at 30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

## Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

The  Group's  principal  financial  instruments  comprise  cash,  pledged  deposits  and  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through profit or loss. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

## Interest rate risk

The Group's operating results and cash flows are not substantially affected by changes in market interest rates. In addition, the  Group  has  no  significant  interest-bearing  assets  and  liabilities  except  for  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  and  pledged deposits. Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates, and has no material exposures to interest rate risk.

## Credit risk

The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval of management.

## Maximum exposure and year-end staging

The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which was mainly based on past due information unless other information was available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 30 June. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Credit risk (Continued)

Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

| As at 30 June 2022  12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  33,820  33,820  Financial assets included in  deposits and other receivables  - Normal**  9,641  -  -  -  9,641  Financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  2,700  -  -  -  2,700  Pledged deposits  235  -  -  -  235  Cash and cash equivalents  29,643  -  -  -  29,643  42,219  -  -  33,820  76,039   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at 30 June 2021  12-month  ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Stage 2  Stage 3  Simplified  approach  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables*  -  -  -  16,911  16,911  Financial assets included in  deposits and other receivables  - Normal**  1,924  -  -  -  1,924  Pledged deposits  235  -  -  -  235  Cash and cash equivalents  51,622  -  -  -  51,622  53,781  -  -  16,911  70,692   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For trade receivables to which the Group applied the simplified approach for impairment, information is disclosed in note 18 to the financial statements.

** The credit quality of the financial assets included in deposits and other receivables was considered to be 'normal' when they were not past due and there was no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets was considered to be 'doubtful'.

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.

The  maturity  profile  of  the  Group's  financial  liabilities  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  the  contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| 2022  On demand  and less than  12 months  1 to 5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  6,532  5,930  12,462  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  20,888  -  20,888  Amount due to related companies  30,157  -  30,157  57,577  5,930  63,507  2021  On demand  and less than  12 months  1 to 5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  4,924  4,454  9,378  Financial liabilities included in  other payables and accruals  4,963  -  4,963  9,887  4,454  14,341   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Capital management

The primary objectives of the Group's capital management are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders' value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 30 June 2022 and 2021.

The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the adjusted capital plus net debt. Net debt includes trade payables and certain other payables and accruals, less cash and cash equivalents. Capital represents equity attributable to owners of the Company.

The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables  12,462  9,378  Other payables and accruals  31,065  11,442  Amount due to related companies  30,157  -  Less: Cash and cash equivalents  (29,643)  (51,622)  Net debt/(net cash)  44,041  (30,802)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  114,346  117,058  Adjusted capital  114,346  117,058  Capital and net debt  158,387  86,256  Gearing ratio  27.81%  n.a.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  100  116  Investments in subsidiaries  32,887  50,690  Total non-current assets  32,987  50,806  CURRENT ASSETS  Due from a subsidiary  66,816  64,689  Deposits and other receivables  221  81  Cash and cash equivalents  4,013  3,494  Total current assets  71,050  68,264  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Due to a subsidiary  50,427  40,035  Other payables and accruals  3,258  2,875  Total current liabilities  53,685  42,910  NET CURRENT ASSETS  17,365  25,354  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  50,352  76,160  Net assets  50,352  76,160  EQUITY  Issued capital  253,688  253,688  Other reserves  (203,336)  (177,528)  Total equity  50,352  76,160   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mu Dongsheng Director

Du Yun Director

30 June 2022

## Notes to Financial Statements (Continued)

30 June 2022

## 37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

Note:

A summary of the Company's reserves is as follows:

| Share  premium  account  Non-  redeemable  convertible  preferred  shares  Capital  reserve  Contribution  reserve  Exchange  fluctuation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 July 2020  676,605  2,252  19  48,448  (19,809)  (875,666)  (168,151)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (6,490)  (6,490)  Other comprehensive loss for the year:  Exchange differences on translation  -  -  -  -  (2,869)  -  (2,869)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (2,869)  (6,490)  (9,359)  Issue of shares upon conversion of non-redeemable  convertible preference shares  2,229  (2,252)  -  -  -  5  (18)  At 30 June 2021  678,834  -  19  48,448  (22,678)  (882,151)  (177,528)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Share premium

account

RMB'000

678,834

-

-

-

678,834

At 1 July 2021

Loss for the year

Other comprehensive loss for the year:

Exchange differences on translation

Total comprehensive loss for the year

At 30 June 2022

## 38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 September 2022.

Exchange fluctuation

reserve

RMB'000

(22,678)

-

423

423

(22,255)

Capital reserve

RMB'000

19

-

-

-

19

Contribution reserve

RMB'000

48,448

-

-

-

48,448

Accumulated losses

RMB'000

(882,151)

(26,231)

-

(26,231)

(908,382)

Total

RMB'000

(177,528)

(26,231)

423

(25,808)

(203,336)

## Five Year Financial Summary

| Years ended 30 June  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RESULTS  Revenue  32,957  34,246  44,634  43,179  21,216  (Loss)/profit from operations  (3,008)  (5,502)  5,999  (1,756)  (16,603)  Finance costs  (1)  (36)  (97)  (83)  (70)  Share of loss of an associate  -  -  -  (2,052)  (2,509)  Provisions for impairment of  intangible assets  (10,119)  -  (26,944)  -  -  Loss before tax  (13,128)  (5,538)  (21,042)  (3,891)  (19,182)  Income tax expense  (3,663)  (1,621)  (6,655)  (5,954)  (1,600)  Loss for the year  (16,791)  (7,159)  (27,697)  (9,845)  (20,782)  Loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (10,818)  (6,381)  (13,235)  (8,493)  (19,811)  Non-controlling interests  (5,973)  (778)  (14,462)  (1,352)  (971)  (16,791)  (7,159)  (27,697)  (9,845)  (20,782)  Dividends  -  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Five Year Financial Summary (Continued)

| As at 30 June  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Property, plant and equipment  871  1,072  1,215  1,484  1,197  Other non-current assets  73,439  50,004  58,502  92,472  133,609  Net current assets  74,072  88,202  95,405  96,996  62,651  Total assets less current liabilities  148,382  139,278  155,122  190,952  197,457  Non-current liabilities  (2,027)  (1,370)  (4,246)  (7,107)  (7,193)  Net assets  146,355  137,908  150,876  183,845  190,264  EQUITY  Issued capital  253,688  253,688  252,856  252,856  252,856  Non-redeemable convertible  preferred shares  -  -  2,252  2,252  2,252  Other reserves  (139,342)  (136,630)  (128,451)  (112,507)  (105,854)  Non-controlling interests  32,009  20,850  24,219  41,244  41,010  Total equity  146,355  137,908  150,876  183,845  190,264   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|