<!-- image -->

## Building a Solid Platform for Sustainable Growth

Annual Report 2022

## Building a Solid Platform for Sustainable Growth

A  tree  with  deep  roots  can  weather  any  storm.  Throughout  the  COVID-19 pandemic,  LB  Aluminium  Berhad  has  consistently  delivered  a  strong  financial performance  and  even  achieved  record  high  revenues  and  profits  despite  the challenges  faced.

As  we  look  to  the  future  with  renewed  confidence  and  determination,  we  are committed to expanding our environmental, social and governance ('ESG') efforts, supported  by  strong  financials,  to  lay  the  foundation  for  sustainable  growth  in the  decade  ahead.

<!-- image -->

## MISSION

<!-- image -->

## Customer Focus

-  We  understand customer needs
-  Our  products  will  be of  consistent  quality
-  We  deliver  on-time and in the right order quantity
-  Our  customers  are our  partners  in business
-  We  assist  customers in  achieving  their needs

## VISION

## Preferred Global Partner in  Aluminium

<!-- image -->

## Teamwork

-  We  win  together
-  We  practise  shared leadership  and cooperate with each other
-  We  value  differences but  work  towards  a common objective
-  We  believe  in  the benefits  of  teamwork

<!-- image -->

## Operational Excellence

-  Best  in  class  on quality,  on-time delivery  and  cost
-  We  manage as entrepreneurs in our daily  operations
-  We  will  innovate  to achieve the best production facility

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholders' Interest

-  We  focus  on profitable  growth  for our  stakeholders
-  We  manage and safeguard assets and resources effectively
-  We  provide  safe work environment and employment opportunities
-  We  provide  staff future  growth  and development
-  We  care  for  the environment

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

- 2 Corporate Profile
- 4 Notice  of  Annual  General  Meeting
- 12 Corporate Information
- 14 Profile of Directors and Senior Management Team
- 19 Corporate Governance Overview Statement
- 33 Additional  Compliance Information
- 34 Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control
- 40 Sustainability  Statement
- 54 Audit  Committee Report
- 56 Executive  Chairman's  Statement
- 58 Management Discussion and Analysis
- 66 Branch Network
- 68 Financial  Statements
- 168 List  of  Properties
- 172 Analysis  of  Shareholdings

Proxy Form

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Fully  virtual  meeting  via  TIIH Online website at https://tiih. online  or  https://tiih.com.my (Domain registration number with  MYNIC:  D1A282781) provided by Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing  House  Services  Sdn Bhd in Malaysia

<!-- image -->

## Thursday, 29 September 2022 10:00 a.m.

For  more  information, please  visit  our  website:

https://www.lbalum.com

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE PROFILE

<!-- image -->

## ALUMINIUM BUSINESS

The Company's production facilities are located on a 31-acre site in Beranang in the state of Selangor and within a thirty (30)  minutes'  drive  from  the  Kuala  Lumpur  International Airport  as  well  as  on  a  4-acre  site  in  Kuching,  Sarawak.

Our existing integrated production facilities including extrusion presses from UBE, Japan have an annual production capacity of 100,000 metric tonnes. The production facility includes a 4,300  tonnes  extrusion  press  which  is  the  largest  press currently available in Malaysia. Ancillary equipment comprises of  billet  heaters/log  shears,  billet  heaters/hot  saws,  double pullers  as  well  as  quenching  boxes.

To  complement  the  aesthetics  finishing  of  the  extrusion products, we have the first and only fully automated vertical anodising plant in Malaysia that adheres to Japanese standards which  ensure  uniformity  and  consistency  of  quality  with  a monthly capacity  of  up  to  1,400  metric  tonnes.  The  Group also has a horizontal anodising line in Beranang with monthly capacity of 1,000 metric tonnes and together with an anodising line  of  600  metric  tonnes  monthly  capacity  in  our  Kuching factory, our combined anodising capacity annually is 36,000 metric tonnes. We have also added a new anodising process for  premium color anodising which ensures consistent and uniform color anodised products.

Incorporated in 1985, LB Aluminium Berhad is today the largest  supplier  of  aluminium  extrusion  products  in Malaysia  and  one  of  the  largest  aluminium  extrusion manufacturers in South-East Asia.

LB  Aluminium  Berhad  is  listed  on  the  Main  Market  of  Bursa  Malaysia Securities  Berhad  and  has  been  a  public  listed  company  since  1994.  The Company's  consolidated  shareholders  funds  as  at  30  April  2022  stood  at RM362.9 million with total number of shareholders at 7,900. For the financial year ended 30 April 2022 the Group posted a turnover of RM686.6 million.

Shareholders Funds

<!-- image -->

RM362.9 million

FY2021: RM331.8 million

Number of Shareholders

7,900

FY2021: 6,736

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE PROFILE (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

In  addition  to  the  anodising  plants,  we  have  a  fully  integrated  vertical  powder  coating  line  and  a  horizontal  painting  line with combined annual capacity of 24,000 metric tonnes, both equipped with painting system from Wagner, Germany. We also  have  a  fluorocarbon  painting  line.

Our  in-house  die/mould  shop  is  equipped  with  the  latest  computer-aided  design  and  manufacturing  machines  including CNC  (computer  numerical  control)  die  cutting  and  EDM  (electrical  discharge  machining)  machines  capable  of  producing die/mould of various complexities.

In addition, we provide value added services to our customers such as cutting, degreasing, punching, stamping, assembling and packing as OEM (original equipment manufacturer). Our equipments include CNC sawing machines, punching machines, bending machines, etc. We also have test rig facilities to provide specific product or system testing including performance tests  for  windows,  doors  and  facades.

We pride ourselves in constantly upgrading the quality of our products to meet the changing needs of our customers and society.  Achievement  of  the  highest  standards  of  excellence  like  the  MS  ISO  9001:2015  standard  and  UKAS  Accreditation certification  are  testimonies  to  our  excellence  in  the  aluminium  extrusion  industry.

LB Aluminium Berhad has an extensive branch network with sales outlets cum warehouses in the major cities and towns in  the  Peninsular  and  East  Malaysia  and  Singapore.  Our  export  markets  include  destinations  in  North  America,  Europe, Australia  and  New  Zealand  as  well  as  in  South  East  Asia.

## PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT BUSINESS

The Company had in March 2018 diversified its principal activities to include property development.

The Company's maiden project is the acquisition of a 20% equity interest in Vistarena Development Sdn Bhd ('Vistarena') which  is  developing  a  residential  project,  Platinum  OUG  Residence,  at  Kampung  Muhibah,  Kuala  Lumpur,  with  a  gross development  value  of  approximately  RM468.0  million.  Vistarena  expects  to  complete  the  project  and  deliver  vacant possession to the house buyers in the third quarter of 2022.

In  addition,  the  Company  has  two  subsidiaries,  namely  Pembinaan  Serta  Hebat  Sdn  Bhd  ('PSH')  and  Contras  Build  Sdn Bhd  ('CBSB'),  which  are  involved  in  property  development.  PSH  has  recently  launched  the  Satu  Anggota  Satu  Rumah ('SASaR')  project  with  a  gross  development  value  of  RM633.8  million  located  at  Bandar  Tasik  Selatan.  The  SASaR  project is  expected  to  contribute  positively  to  the  Group  in  the  future.  Meanwhile,  CBSB  is  in  the  project  planning  stage.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT the Annual General Meeting of LB Aluminium Berhad (' Company ')  will be  conducted  on  a  fully  virtual  basis  using  the  remote  participation  and  voting  facilities  through  the online  meeting  platform,  TIIH  Online,  provided  by  Tricor  Investor  &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd  in Malaysia  via  its  website  at  https://tiih.online  or  https://tiih.com.my  (Domain  registration  number  with MYNIC: D1A282781) on Thursday, 29 September 2022 at 10:00 a.m., for the following purposes:-

## AGENDA

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To  receive  the  Audited  Financial  Statements  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022 together with the Reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon.
2. To approve the payment of a first and final single tier dividend of 2.50 sen per ordinary share in  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022.
3. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  of  RM400,000.00  for  the  financial  year  ended 30  April  2022.
4. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  benefits  of  up  to  RM45,000.00  for  the  period immediately  after  this  annual  general  meeting  until  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of the  Company.
5. To  re-elect  the  following  Directors  who  retire  in  accordance  with  Clause  76(3)  of  the Company's Constitution:-
6. (i) Mr Toh Khiam Huat
7. (ii) Mr Chew Kat Nyap
8. (iii) Mr Teh Kok Heng
6. To re-appoint Messrs BDO PLT as Auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to  fix  their  remuneration.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modifications, the following resolutions:

7. Ordinary Resolution(s) Continuation in Office as Independent Directors
2. (i) 'THAT subject to the passing of Resolution 4 above, approval be and is hereby given for Mr Toh Khiam Huat who has served as an Independent Director of the Company for a cumulative term of more than nine (9) years, to continue to act as an Independent Director of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company.'

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 1 on Ordinary Business]

(Resolution 1)

(Resolution 2) [Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 2 on Ordinary Business]

## (Resolution 3)

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory

Note 2 on Ordinary Business]

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 3 on Ordinary Business]

- (Resolution 4)
- (Resolution 5)
- (Resolution 6)

(Resolution 7) [Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 4 on Ordinary Business]

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 1 on Special Business]

(Resolution 8)

- (ii) meeting of the Company.'

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

- 'THAT subject  to  the  passing  of  Resolution  5  above,  approval  be  and  is  hereby  given for  Mr  Chew  Kat  Nyap  who  has  served  as  an  Independent  Director  of  the  Company for a cumulative term of more than nine (9) years, to continue to act as an Independent Director of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general
- 'THAT subject  to  the  passing  of  Resolution  6  above,  approval  be  and  is  hereby  given for Mr Teh Kok Heng who has served as an Independent Director of the Company for a  cumulative  term  of  more  than  nine  (9)  years,  to  continue  to  act  as  an  Independent Director of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general
- (iii) meeting of the Company.'

## 8. Ordinary Resolution Authority to Issue and Allot Shares Pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016

'THAT subject  always  to  the  Companies  Act  2016  (' Act '),  the  Constitution  of  the  Company, Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (' Bursa Securities ') Main Market Listing Requirements and the  approvals  of  the  relevant  governmental/regulatory  authorities  (if  any),  the  Directors  be and  are  hereby  authorised  pursuant  to  Sections  75  and  76  of  the  Act  to  issue  and  allot shares  in  the  Company,  from  time  to  time,  at  such  price,  upon  such  terms  and  conditions and  for  such  purposes  and  to  such  person  or  persons  whomsoever  as  the  Directors  may in  their  absolute  discretion  deem  fit  provided  that  the  aggregate  number  of  shares  to  be issued pursuant to this resolution does not exceed ten per centum (10%) of the total number of  issued  shares  (excluding  treasury  shares)  of  the  Company  for  the  time  being  AND  THAT the  Directors  be  and  are  hereby  also  empowered  to  obtain  the  approval  for  the  listing  of and  quotation  for  the  additional  shares  so  issued  from  Bursa  Securities  AND  THAT  such authority shall continue to be in force until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of  the  Company  after  the  approval  was  given  or  at  the  expiry  of  the  period  within  which the next annual general meeting is required to be held after the approval was given, whichever is  earlier,  unless such approval is revoked or varied by the Company at a general meeting.'

## 9. Ordinary Resolution Proposed Renewal of Authority for Share Buy-Back

'THAT subject always to the Companies Act 2016 (' Act '),  the  Constitution of the Company, Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad  (' Bursa  Securities ')  Main  Market  Listing  Requirements (' Listing  Requirements ')  and  all  other  applicable  laws,  guidelines,  rules  and  regulations, the Company be and is hereby authorised, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to purchase such number of issued shares in the Company as may be determined by the Directors of the Company from time to time through Bursa Securities upon such terms and conditions as the Directors may deem fit and expedient in the interest of the Company provided that:-

- (i) the aggregate number of issued shares in the Company (' Shares ') purchased (' Purchased Shares ')  and/or held as treasury shares pursuant to this ordinary resolution does not exceed  ten  per  centum  (10%)  of  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  of  the  Company as  quoted  on  Bursa  Securities  as  at  point  of  purchase;  and
- (ii) the maximum fund to be allocated by the Company for the purpose of purchasing the shares  shall  not  exceed  the  aggregate  of  the  retained  profits  of  the  Company  based on  the  latest  audited  financial  statements  and/or  the  latest  management  accounts (where applicable) available  at  the  time  of  the  purchase,

(' Proposed Share Buy-Back ').

(Resolution 9)

(Resolution 10)

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 2 on Special Business]

(Resolution 11)

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 3 on Special Business]

(Resolution 12)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

AND THAT the authority to facilitate the Proposed Share Buy-Back will commence immediately upon passing of this Ordinary Resolution and will continue to be in force until:

- (i) the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company following at which time the authority shall lapse unless by ordinary resolution passed at the meeting, the authority  is  renewed,  either  unconditionally  or  subject  to  conditions;
- (ii) the  expiration  of  the  period  within  which  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company is required by law to be held; or
- (iii) revoked or varied by ordinary resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company at  a  general  meeting,

whichever occurs first, but shall not prejudice the completion of purchase(s) by the Company of  its  own  Shares  before  the  aforesaid  expiry  date  and,  in  any  event,  in  accordance  with the Listing Requirements and any applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, guidelines and requirements issued by any relevant authorities.

AND THAT the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised, at their discretion, to  deal  with  the  Purchased  Shares  until  all  the  Purchased  Shares  have  been  dealt  with  by the Directors in the following manner as may be permitted by the Act, Listing Requirements, applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations,  guidelines,  requirements  and/or  orders  of  any  relevant authorities  for  the  time  being  in  force:

- (i) To  cancel  all  or  part  of  the  Purchased  Shares;
- (ii) To retain all or part of the Purchased Shares as treasury shares as defined in Section 127 of the Act;
- (iii) To distribute all or part of the treasury shares as dividends to the shareholders of the Company;
- (iv) To  resell  all  or  part  of  the  treasury  shares;
- (v) To transfer all or part of the treasury shares for the purposes of or under the employees' share scheme established by the Company and/or its subsidiaries;
- (vi) To  transfer  all  or  part  of  the  treasury  shares  as  purchase  consideration;
- (vii)  To  sell,  transfer  or  otherwise  use  the  shares  for  such  other  purposes  as  the  Minister charged with the responsibility for  companies may by order prescribe; and/or
- (viii) To  deal  with  the  treasury  shares  in  any  other  manners  as  allowed  by  the  Act,  Listing Requirements, applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, requirements and/or orders of  any  relevant  authorities  for  the  time  being  in  force.

AND  THAT  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to  take  all  such steps as are necessary or expedient [including without limitation, the opening and maintaining of  central  depository  account(s)  under  Securities  Industry  (Central  Depositories)  Act,  1991, and the entering into all other agreements, arrangements and guarantee with any party or parties] to implement, finalise and give full effect to the Proposed Share Buy-Back with full powers  to  assent  to  any  conditions,  modifications,  variations  and/or  amendments  (if  any) as  may  be  imposed  by  the  relevant  authorities.'

## 10. Ordinary Resolution

Proposed Renewal of the Existing Shareholders' Mandate for the Company and/or its subsidiaries to enter into Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature

'THAT  subject  to  the  provisions  of  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad  Main  Market  Listing Requirements, approval be and is hereby given to the Company and its subsidiaries (' Group ') to  enter  into  and  give  effect  to  the  recurrent  related  party  transactions  of  a  revenue  or trading nature with the related parties as set out in Section 2.2 of the Circular to Shareholders dated  29  August  2022,  provided  that  such  arrangements  and/or  transactions  which  are necessary for the Group's day-to-day operations are undertaken in the ordinary course of business, at arm's length basis, on normal commercial terms and transaction prices which are not more favourable to the related parties than those generally available to the public and not detrimental to the minority shareholders of the Company (hereinafter referred to as  the  ' Proposed RRPT Mandate ').

THAT the Proposed RRPT Mandate shall only continue to be in full force until:-

- (a) the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  of  the  Company following the  general  meeting  at  which  such  mandate  was  passed,  at  which  time  it  will  lapse, unless  by  a  resolution  passed  at  the  said  AGM,  such  authority  is  renewed;
- (b) the  expiration  of  the  period  within  which  the  next  AGM  after  the  date  is  required  to be  held  pursuant  to  Section  340(2)  of  the  Companies  Act  2016  (' Act ')  (but  must  not extend to such extension as may be allowed pursuant to Section 340(4) of the Act); or
- (c) revoked  or  varied  by  a  resolution  passed  by  the  shareholders  of  the  Company  in  a general  meeting,

whichever is earlier.

AND THAT the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  and  are  hereby  authorised  to  complete  and do  all  such  acts  and  things  (including  executing  all  such  documents  as  may  be  required) as  they  may  consider  expedient  or  necessary  or  in  the  best  interest  of  the  Company  to give  effect  to  the  Proposed  RRPT  Mandate.'

11. To  consider  any  other  business  of  which  due  notice  shall  have  been  given.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

[Please  refer  to  Explanatory Note 4 on Special Business]

(Resolution 13)

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

## NOTICE OF DIVIDEND ENTITLEMENT AND PAYMENT

NOTICE  IS  ALSO  HEREBY  GIVEN  THAT  subject  to  the  approval  of  the  shareholders  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting  to  be held on 29 September 2022, the first and final single tier dividend of 2.50 sen per ordinary share in respect of the financial year ended 30 April 2022 will be paid on 18 October 2022 to Depositors whose names appear in the Record of Depositors on 4 October 2022.

A  Depositor  shall  qualify  for  entitlement  to  the  dividend  only  in  respect  of:-

- a) shares transferred into the depositor's securities account before 4:30 p.m. on 4 October 2022 in respect of transfers; and
- b) shares bought on the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad on a cum entitlement basis according to the Rules of Bursa Malaysia Securities  Berhad.

## BY ORDER OF THE BOARD

## Wong Wai Foong [SSM PC NO. 202008001472 (MAICSA 7001358)]

Tan Hsiao Yuen [SSM PC NO. 201908002342 (MAICSA 7056952)]

Company Secretaries

Kuala Lumpur 29  August  2022

## NOTES:-

## 1. IMPORTANT NOTICE

The  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  will  be  conducted  on  a  fully  virtual  basis  using  the  remote  participation  and  voting  (' RPV ')  facilities through the online meeting platform, TIIH Online, provided by Tricor  Investor  &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd  (' Tricor ')  in  Malaysia  via  its website at https://tiih.online or https://tiih.com.my (Domain registration number with MYNIC: D1A282781) on Thursday, 29 September 2022 at 10:00 a.m.. Members are to attend, speak (including posing questions to the Board via real time submission of typed texts) and vote (collectively, ' participate ')  remotely  at  the  AGM  via  the  RPV  facilities  provided  by  Tricor.

Please read these Notes carefully and follow the procedures in the Administrative Notes for the AGM in order to participate remotely via  RPV.

2. For the purpose of determining who shall be entitled to participate in this AGM via RPV, the Company shall be requesting Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn  Bhd  to  make  available  to  the  Company,  a  Record  of  Depositors  as  at  22  September  2022.  Only  a  member  whose  name  appears  on  this Record of Depositors shall be entitled to participate in this AGM or appoint a proxy or proxies to participate on his/her/its behalf via RPV.
3. A  member  who  is  entitled  to  participate  at  this  AGM  via  RPV  is  entitled  to  appoint  a  proxy  or  attorney  or  in  the  case  of  a  corporation,  to appoint a duly authorised representative to participate in his place.  A  proxy  may  but  need  not  be  a  member  of  the  Company.
4. A  member  of  the  Company  who  is  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  Company  may  appoint  not  more  than  two  (2) proxies  to  participate  instead  of  the  member  at  the  AGM  via  RPV.
5. Where  a  member  of  the  Company  is  an  authorised  nominee  as  defined  in  the  Securities  Industry  (Central  Depositories)  Act  1991  (' Central Depositories  Act '),  it  may  appoint  not  more  than  two  (2)  proxies  in  respect  of  each  securities  account  it  holds  in  ordinary  shares  of  the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account.
6. Where  a  member  of  the  Company  is  an  exempt  authorised  nominee  which  holds  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  for  multiple  beneficial owners in one securities account (' omnibus account '),  there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint  in  respect  of  each  omnibus  account  it  holds.  An  exempt  authorised  nominee  refers  to  an  authorised  nominee  defined  under  the Central  Depositories  Act  which  is  exempted  from  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  25A(1)  of  the  Central  Depositories  Act.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

7. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the  instrument  appointing  the  proxies.
8. A  member  who  has  appointed  a  proxy  or  attorney  or  authorised  representative  to  participate  at  the  AGM  via  RPV must  request  his/her proxy or attorney or authorised representative to register himself/herself for RPV via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Procedures for  RPV  can  be  found  in  the  Administrative  Notes  for  the  AGM.
9. The  appointment  of  a  proxy  may  be  made  in  hard  copy  form  or  by  electronic  means  in  the  following  manner  and  must  be  received  by  the Company  not  less  than  forty-eight  (48)  hours  before  the  time  appointed  for  holding  the  AGM  or  adjourned  general  meeting  at  which  the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:-

## (i) In  hard  copy  form

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  made  in  hard  copy  form,  this  proxy  form  must  be  deposited  with  Tricor  at  Unit  32-01,  Level  32,  Tower  A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at  Unit  G-3,  Ground  Floor,  Vertical  Podium,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur.

## (ii) By  electronic  means  via  facsimile

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  made  by  facsimile  transmission,  this  proxy  form  must  be  received  via  facsimile  at  03-2783  9222.

## (iii)  By  electronic  means  via  email

In the case of an appointment made via email transmission, this proxy form must be received via email at is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com.

For  options  (ii)  and  (iii),  the  Company  may  request  any  member  to  deposit  original  executed  proxy  form  to  Tricor  at  Unit  32-01,  Level  32, Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  or  alternatively,  the  Customer  Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur before or on the day of  meeting  for  verification  purpose.

## (iv)  By  electronic  form  via  TIIH  Online

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  of  a  proxy  made  in  electronic  form,  the  proxy  form  must  be  deposited  via  TIIH  Online  website  at  https:// tiih.online.  Please  follow  the  procedures  as  set  out  in  the  Administrative  Notes  for  the  electronic  lodgement  of  proxy  form.

10.  Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney must be deposited with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  or  alternatively,  the  Customer  Service Centre  at  Unit  G-3,  Ground  Floor,  Vertical  Podium,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  not  less  than  fortyeight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes  to  vote.  A  copy  of  the  power  of  attorney  may  be  accepted  provided  that  it  is  certified  notarially  and/or  in  accordance  with  the applicable  legal  requirements  in  the  relevant  jurisdiction  in  which  it  is  executed.
11.  Please  ensure  ALL  the  particulars  as  required  in  this  proxy  form  are  completed,  signed  and  dated  accordingly.
12.  Last  date  and  time  for  lodging  this  proxy  form  is Tuesday, 27 September 2022 at 10:00 a.m.
13.  For a corporate member who has appointed an authorised representative, please deposit the ORIGINAL certificate of appointment of authorised representative with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur. The certificate of appointment of authorised representative should be executed in the following manner:-
5. (i) If  the  corporate  member  has  a  common seal, the certificate  of  appointment of  authorised  representative  should  be  executed  under  seal in  accordance  with  the  constitution  of  the  corporate  member.
6. (ii) If the corporate member does not have a common seal, the certificate of appointment of authorised representative should be affixed with the  rubber  stamp  of  the  corporate  member  (if  any)  and  executed  by:-
7. (a) at  least  two  (2)  authorised  officers,  of  whom  one  shall  be  a  director;  or
8. (b)  any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country under which the corporate member is incorporated.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

## EXPLANATORY NOTES TO ORDINARY BUSINESS

## 1. Item 1 of the Agenda - Receipt of Report and Audited Financial Statements

The  Audited  Financial  Statements  are  laid  in  accordance  with  Section  340(1)(a)  of  the  Companies  Act  2016  for  discussion  only.  They  do  not require  shareholders'  approval  and  hence,  will  not  be  put  forward  for  voting  by  shareholders  of  the  Company.

## 2. Ordinary Resolutions 2 and 3 - Directors' Fees and Directors' Benefits for the financial year ended 30 April 2022

Pursuant to Section 230(1) of the Companies Act 2016, the fees of the directors and any benefits payable to the directors shall be approved at  a  general  meeting.

The proposed Resolutions 2 and 3 are to facilitate the payment of Directors' fees and benefits to the Directors.

The  proposed  Resolution  3  for  the  Directors'  benefits  (being  meeting  allowances)  are  calculated  based  on  the  current  Board  of  Directors (' Board ')  size  and  the  number  of  scheduled  Board  and  Audit  Committee  meetings for the period from the conclusion of this AGM up to the next  AGM.  Each  member  of  the  Board  and  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company  will  be  paid  meeting  allowance  of  RM500.00  per  meeting  for their  attendance  at  the  Board  and  Audit  Committee  meetings  of  the  Company.

In  the  event  the  proposed  amount  of  Directors'  fees  and/or  benefits  are  insufficient  (e.g.  due  to  more  meetings  or  enlarged  Board  size), approval will  be  sought  at  the  next  AGM  for  the  shortfall.

## 3. Ordinary Resolutions 4, 5 and 6 - Re-election of Directors who retire in accordance with Clause 76(3) of the Constitution of the Company

Pursuant to Practice 5.7 of the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance, the profiles of the Directors who are standing for re-election as per Agenda item no. 5 are set out in the Directors' profile of the Annual Report 2022. They have offered themselves for re-election at the AGM.

The  Board  has  through  the  Nomination  Committee  (' NC '),  considered  the  assessment  of  the  said  Directors  and  agreed  that  they  meet  the criteria  as  prescribed  by  Paragraph  2.20A  of  the  Main  Market  Listing  Requirements  (' Listing  Requirements ')  of  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities Berhad  (' Bursa  Securities ')  on  character,  experience,  integrity,  competence  and  time  commitment  to  effectively  discharge  their  roles  as Directors.  The  justifications  to  support  the  Board's  recommendation  to  re-elect  the  aforementioned  Directors  are  as  follows:

- (i) Mr  Toh  Khiam  Huat  fulfills  the  requirements  of  independence  set  out  in  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa  Securities.  He  has  remained objective and independent in expressing his view and participating in Board deliberations and decision-making. He has exercised his due care  and  carried  out  his  professional  duties  proficiently  during  his  tenure  as  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  and  Chairman  of  the Audit  Committee of the Company.
- (ii) Mr Chew Kat Nyap has vast experience in senior management specifically in investor services and primary capital market activities gained over the years in prominent accounting and service firms and an investment bank and is able to provide the Board with a diverse set of expertise  and  perspective.  He  fulfills  the  requirements  of  independence  set  out  in  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa  Securities.  He  also exercised his due care and carried out his professional duties proficiently during his tenure as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (iii)  Mr Teh Kok Heng has vast experience in Design and Construction Management, specializing in Brand Activation business as well as Interior Architecture  Fit-out  and  Advertising.  He  is  able  to  provide  the  Board  with  a  diverse  set  of  expertise  and  perspective.  He  fulfills  the requirements  of  independence  as  set  out  in  Practice  Note  13  of  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa  Securities.  He  remains  objective  and independent in expressing his view and participating in Board deliberations and decision-making.

## 4. Ordinary Resolution 7 - Re-appointment of Auditors

The  Board  has  through  the  Audit  Committee,  considered  the  re-appointment  of  Messrs  BDO  PLT  as  Auditors  of  the  Company.  The  factors considered  by  the  Audit  Committee  in  making  the  recommendation  to  the  Board  to  table  the  re-appointment  of  Messrs  BDO  PLT  at  the forthcoming AGM, included an assessment of the Auditors' independence and objectivity, caliber and quality process/performance.

## EXPLANATORY NOTES TO SPECIAL BUSINESS

## 1. Ordinary Resolutions 8, 9 and 10 - Continuation in Office as Independent Directors

Pursuant  to  the  Malaysian  Code  on  Corporate  Governance,  it  is  recommended  that  approval  of  shareholders  be  sought  in  the  event  the Company intends to retain an Independent Director who has served in that capacity for more than (9) nine years.

Mr Toh Khiam Huat, Mr Chew Kat Nyap and Mr Teh Kok Heng were appointed to the Board on 31 July 2013 as Independent Directors. They have therefore served for more than nine (9) years.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (CONT'D)

The  Board  has  through  the  NC,  assessed  their  independence  and  recommended  them  to  continue  to  act  as  Independent  Directors  of  the Company based on the following justifications:-

- (i) they  had  fulfilled  the  criteria  under  the  definition  of  Independent  Director  as  stated  in  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa  Securities  and were therefore able to bring independent and objective judgment to the Board;
- (ii) they  have  been  with  the  Group  for  many  years  and  possessed  a  deep  understanding  of  the  Group's  business  operations,  and  had continued to critically and constructively challenge and contribute to the development of effective business strategy and direction of the Company during Board and Board committees' meetings;
- (iii) their  long  tenure  with  the  Company  had  neither  impaired  nor  compromised  their  independent  judgement.  They  were  free  from  any business or other relationships which could interfere with their exercise of independent judgement;
- (iv) they  provided  effective  check  and  balance  in  the  proceeding  of  the  Board  and  the  Board  committees;
- (v) they  continued  to  remain  objective  and  were  able  to  exercise  independent  judgement  in  expressing  their  views  and  in  participating  in deliberations  and  decision  making  of  the  Board  and  Board  committees  in  the  best  interest  of  the  Company;
- (vi) they  exhibited  high  commitment  and  devoted  sufficient  time  and  attention  to  their  responsibilities  as  Independent  Directors  of  the Company; and
- (vii)  they  had  met  the  attendance  requirements  for  Board  meetings  pursuant  to  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa  Securities.  This  testified to  their  dedication  to  discharging  the  responsibilities  expected  of  an  Independent  Director.

The  proposed  Resolutions  8,  9  and  10,  if  passed,  will  enable  Mr  Toh  Khiam  Huat,  Mr  Chew  Kat  Nyap  and  Mr  Teh  Kok  Heng  to  continue  to act  as  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company.

Mr  Neoh  Lay  Keong  and  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad,  the  Independent  Directors  who  have  served  the  Board  for  more  than  12  years, have indicated to the Company that they will be stepping down as Independent Directors after the conclusion of this AGM.

Upon the  resignation  of  Mr  Neoh  Lay  Keong  and  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad,  the  Company  will  not  be  in  compliance  with  Paragraph 15.09(1) of the Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities and must fill the vacancies within three (3) months from the date of their resignation. The Company will source the replacements soonest possible and make the necessary announcements relating thereto to Bursa Securities.

## 2. Ordinary Resolution 11 - Authority to issue and allot shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016

The  proposed  Resolution  11  is  the  renewal  of  the  mandate  obtained  from  the  members  at  the  last  AGM.  As  at  the  date  of  this  Notice,  the Company did not allot any shares pursuant to the mandate granted to the Directors at the previous AGM held on 28 October 2021 as there were no requirements for such fund raising activities.

The  proposed  Resolution  11,  if  passed,  would  provide  flexibility  to  the  Directors  to  undertake  fund  raising  activities,  including  but  not  limited to placement of shares for the purpose of funding the Company's future investment project(s), working capital and/or acquisition(s) at any time as the Directors may deem fit provided that the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to the mandate does not exceed ten per centum (10%) of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company for the time being, without having to convene a general meeting.  This  authority,  unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a  general  meeting,  will  expire  at  the  conclusion  of  the  next  AGM  of  the Company or at the expiry of the period within which the next AGM is required to be held after the approval was given, whichever is earlier.

## 3. Ordinary Resolution 12 - Proposed Renewal of Authority for Share Buy-Back

The  proposed  Resolution  12,  if  passed,  will  allow  the  Company  to  purchase  its  own  shares  through  Bursa  Securities  up  to  ten  per  centum (10%) of the total number of issued shares of the Company. Please refer to the Statement to Shareholders dated 29 August 2022 in relation to  the  Proposed  Renewal  of  Authority  for  Share  Buy-Back  for  further  details.

## 4. Ordinary  Resolution  13  -  Proposed  Renewal  of  the  Existing  Shareholders'  Mandate  for  the  Company  and/or  its  subsidiaries  to  enter  into Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature

The proposed Resolution 13, if passed, will allow the Company and/or its subsidiaries to enter into recurrent related party transactions made on an arm's length basis and on normal commercial terms which are not detrimental to the interest of the minority shareholders.

Please  refer  to  the  Circular  to  Shareholders  dated  29  August  2022  for  further  information.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

*Members of Senior Management Team

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Chairman

Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa*

## Chief Executive Officer

Mark Wing Kong*

Executive Director

Yap Chee Woon*

Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Leow Sok Hoon

## Senior Independent Non-Executive Director

Neoh Lay Keong

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad Toh Khiam Huat Chew Kat Nyap Teh Kok Heng

Alternate Director to Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa Leow Vinzie*

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

## Independent Non-Executive Director - Chairman

Toh Khiam Huat

## Senior Independent Non-Executive Director

Neoh Lay Keong

## Independent Non-Executive Director

Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Senior Independent Non-Executive Director - Chairman Neoh Lay Keong

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad Chew Kat Nyap

Senior Independent Non-Executive Director - Chairman

Neoh Lay Keong

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad Chew Kat Nyap

## COMPANY SECRETARIES

Wong Wai Foong Tan Hsiao Yuen

[SSM PC NO. 202008001472 (MAICSA 7001358)]

[SSM PC NO. 201908002342 (MAICSA 7056952)]

## AUDITORS

BDO PLT (Firm No: LLP0018825-LCA &amp; AF 0206) Chartered Accountants Level  8 BDO PLT @ Menara CenTARa 360 Jalan  Tuanku Abdul Rahman 50100 Kuala Lumpur

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Al Rajhi Banking &amp; Investment Corporation (Malaysia) Berhad AmBank (M) Berhad Hong Leong Bank Berhad HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad Malayan Banking Berhad OCBC Bank (Malaysia) Berhad Public  Bank  Berhad United Overseas Bank (Malaysia) Berhad

## SOLICITORS

Soo Thien Ming &amp; Nashrah Level  9,  Menara  Bangkok  Bank Berjaya  Central  Park 105,  Jalan  Ampang 50450 Kuala Lumpur

Sebastian Cha &amp; Co 91B,  Jalan  1/12 46000 Petaling Jaya Selangor Darul Ehsan

## CORPORATE ADVISOR

AmInvestment Bank Berhad 22 nd   Floor,  AmBank  Group  Building 55,  Jalan  Raja  Chulan 50200 Kuala Lumpur

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Unit  30-01,  Level  30,  Tower  A Vertical  Business  Suite Avenue 3, Bangsar South No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi 59200 Kuala Lumpur

Tel

:  03-2783  9191

Fax  : 03-2783  9111

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE INFORMATION (CONT'D)

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Bina  Management (M) Sdn Bhd Lot  10,  The  Highway  Centre Jalan  51/205 46050 Petaling Jaya Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-7784  3922

Fax  : 03-7784  1988

## HEAD OFFICE

Lot  11,  Jalan  Perusahaan  1 Kawasan Perusahaan Beranang 43700 Beranang, Semenyih Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-8725  8822

Fax  : 03-8725  8828

## WEBSITE ADDRESS

www.lbalum.com

## STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING

Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad

Stock  Name: LBALUM

Stock  Code:  9326

<!-- image -->

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM

<!-- image -->

## Neoh Lay Keong

| Senior Independent Non-Executive Director  Aged 64  Malaysian  Male   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

Neoh Lay Keong ,  aged 64, male, a Malaysian, is the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and  was  appointed  to  the  Board  on  25  August  1997.  He  holds  a  BEC  Diploma  in  Business  Studies,  St.  Johns College,  England  and  a  BA  (Hons)  in  Economics  from  the  University  of  Manchester,  England.  Mr  Neoh  was  with RHB Bank Berhad from 1982 to 1990 and is a Dealers' Representative with TA Securities Berhad since 1990.

He  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Nomination  Committee  and  Remuneration  Committee  and  a  member  of  the  Audit Committee.

## Dato' Dr Mohd Husni Bin Ahmad

| Independent Non-Executive Director  Aged 59  Malaysian  Male   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Dato' Dr Mohd Husni Bin Ahmad ,  aged 59, male, a Malaysian, is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and was appointed to the Board on 31 July 2006. He is presently a Consultant Ear Nose Throat-Head and Neck Surgeon at a private hospital in Kuala Lumpur. Dato' Dr Mohd Husni obtained his Bachelor of Medicine &amp;  Bachelor  of  Surgery  as  well  as  a  Master  of  Otorhinolaryngology  from  the  University  of  Malaya.  Upon  his graduation,  he  was  attached  with  University  Hospital  from  1990  to  1998  initially  as  a  medical  officer,  lecturer and specialist  before  leaving  for  private  practice.

He is  a  member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee.

## Toh Khiam Huat

| Independent Non-Executive Director  Aged 66  Malaysian  Male   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Toh  Khiam  Huat ,  aged  66,  male,  a  Malaysian,  is  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  and was appointed to the Board on 31 July 2013. Mr Toh graduated from Swinburne College of Technology, Melbourne, Australia  in  1980.  He  is  a  Chartered  Accountant  of  the  Malaysian  Institute  of  Accountants  and  an  ex-Fellow member  of  Certified  Public  Accountants,  Australia.  He  is  also  a  member  of  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors Malaysia ('IIAM').  During the period 2003 and 2010, he actively served as a member of the Board of Governors and  chairing  the  various  sub-committees  of  the  Institute,  including  holding  the  positions  of  Honorary  Secretary and Honorary Treasurer.

Mr Toh started his external auditing career with Deloitte Kassim Chan in 1981. He joined American International Assurance Berhad as a financial accountant in 1985.

Between the period of 1990 and 2011, Mr Toh was involved in internal auditing, compliance and risk management as  a  Regional  Auditor  and  later  as  a  Regional  Head  of  Internal  Audit  function  (South  Asia)  for  two  multi-national insurers  (American  International  Group  and  Prudential  Corporation  Asia).

He is  currently  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM (CONT'D)

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Chew Kat Nyap

Independent Non-Executive Director

Aged 68

Malaysian

Male

Chew Kat Nyap ,  aged  68,  male,  a  Malaysian,  is  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  and  was appointed to the Board on 31 July 2013. He is a member of the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee.

Mr Chew commenced his career at the corporate secretarial/share registry divisions of two major accounting firms and the SPK Group. He then worked at Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank Berhad (now known as AmInvestment Bank Berhad)  between  1986  and  1996  and  last  held  the  position  of  Senior  Manager.  He  was  thereafter  seconded  to Malaysian Issuing House Sdn Bhd ('MIH'), a company registered under the Capital Markets &amp; Services Act 2007, as General Manager. He was Chief Executive of MIH and Symphony Share Registrars Sdn Bhd, which became part of the Symphony Group until his retirement in 2009 and 2014. In the intervening years he acted as Adviser and Board Member  of  the  two  companies  until  his  departure  in  November  2019.  He  is  presently  Director,  Advisory  at  One Capital  Market Services Sdn Bhd, a company rendering share registry and other planned capital market services.

## Teh Kok Heng

Independent Non-Executive Director

Aged 61

Malaysian

Male

Teh Kok Heng ,  aged  61,  male,  a  Malaysian,  is  an  independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  LB  Aluminium  Berhad and was appointed to the Board on 31 July 2013. He holds a Bachelor Degree in Marketing from TAR College.

Mr  Teh  has  35  years  of  experience  in  Design  and  Construction  Management,  specializing  in  Brand  Activation business  as  well  as  Interior  Architecture  Fit-out  and  Advertising.  He  had  been  involved  in  numerous  sizable projects,  both  locally  and  abroad  including  some  international  acclaimed  projects  such  as  LIMA  Aerospace,  DSA Exhibition  and  Malaysia's  biggest  Expo  Negaraku  2017  project  at  Dataran  Merdeka.  He  also  headed  the  Milano World Expo 2015 for numerous Countries Pavilions including Malaysia, Brunei, Argentina and Cambodia.

Mr Teh also serves as a board member of SJK (C) Kepong 3, a Chinese primary school in Segambut.

## Leow Vinzie

Alternate Director to Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa

Aged 36

Malaysian

Female

Leow Vinzie ,  aged  36,  female,  a  Malaysian,  was  appointed  as  Alternate  Director  to  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong Howa on 29 June 2021. She is currently the General Manager of LB Aluminium Singapore Pte Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  the  Company  and  was  appointed  a  member  of  Senior  Management  Team  on  29  June  2021.  She graduated from Monash University, Australia with Bachelors of Business in Management and Marketing in 2009. After graduation, she spent 2 years at National Taiwan University acquiring Mandarin as a second language. Prior to  joining  LB  Aluminium  Singapore  Pte  Ltd,  she  worked  at  Zuellig  Pharma  Malaysia  in  Business  Development from 2012 to 2015. Thereafter, she was promoted to managing the regional portfolio from Singapore headquarters, where she was involved in the development of Zuellig Pharma's Pharmaceutical, Over-The-Counter and Medical Devices businesses, securing new clients as well as contracts renewal negotiations from 2015 to 2017.

Ms Leow Vinzie is also a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of A-Rank Berhad.

## Other Information

## 1. Family relationship with Director and/or major shareholder

Ms Leow Vinzie is the daughter of Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa, the Executive Chairman and major shareholder of  LB  Aluminium  Berhad.

Save  as  disclosed  herein,  none  of  the  Directors  has  any  family  relationship  with  any  other  Director  and/or  major shareholder of LB Aluminium Berhad.

## 2. Conflict  of  interest  with  the  Company

Save for the related party disclosures as disclosed under Note 31 to the Audited Financial Statements of this Annual Report and the Circular to Shareholders dated 29 August 2022 which is despatched together with this Annual Report, none of the Directors has any conflict of interest  with  LB  Aluminium  Berhad.

## 3. Conviction for offences

None of the Directors has been convicted for any offences (other than traffic  offences)  within  the  past  five  (5)  years or  has  been  imposed  with  any  public  sanctions  or  penalties  by  the  relevant  regulatory  bodies  during  the  financial year  ended 30 April  2022.

## 4. Directorship in public companies and listed issuers

Save for  the  disclosures  as  stated  above,  none  of  the  Directors  hold  any  directorship  in  other  public  companies  and listed  issuers.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## PROFILE OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT

The  Board  of  Directors  ('Board')  of  LB  Aluminium  Berhad  ('Company')  recognises  that  good corporate governance is fundamental to the Board in discharging its fiduciary responsibilities and enhancing high standards of business integrity, business prosperity and corporate accountability with the ultimate objective of realising shareholders' value.

The  Corporate  Governance  Overview  Statement  ('CG  Statement')  is  prepared  in  accordance  to  Practice  Note  9  of  Main Market Listing Requirements ('MMLR') issued by Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ('Bursa Securities') and Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance ('MCCG') issued by Securities Commission Malaysia. The CG Statement is to be read together with  the  Corporate  Governance  Report  ('CG  Report')  which  is  available  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com as  well  as  Bursa's  website  at www.bursamalaysia.com .

The Board is pleased to set out below the manner in which the Company and its subsidiaries ('Group') have applied each of  the  three  (3)  Principles  of  the  MCCG  throughout  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022.

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS

## I.    Board Responsibilities

## Role  of  the  Board

The role of the Board is to lead and manage the Group in an effective manner including developing strategic directions and objectives in line with its vision and missions, implement plans and supervise the conduct of the Group's business as  a  whole.  The  Board  should  also  provide  entrepreneurial  leadership  to  the  Group  within  a  framework  of  prudent and effective  controls  whilst  ensuring  risks  are  consistently  assessed  and  managed.

The Board sets the Group's strategic plans and policies. It also conducts ongoing review and evaluation of those strategic plans and policies to ensure the Group's focus is in line with the constantly evolving market conditions and its underlying environmental, social  and  governance ('ESG')  issues,  as  well  as  to  identify  new  businesses  and  opportunities.

The Board receives regular updates on the conduct of the Group's business and operations, and evaluate whether its businesses are being properly managed.

The Board is responsible for ensuring the adequacy and integrity of the internal control and management information systems and adopting appropriate measures to mitigate any foreseeable and unexpected risks, including ESG risks and risks  of  non-compliance  with  applicable  laws,  regulations,  rules,  directives,  and  guidelines.

## Process of the Board

The Board is chaired by the Executive Chairman and the Board meets at least four (4) times a year scheduled in every quarter.  If  required,  additional  meetings  will  be  scheduled.  The  quorum  for  the  Board  meeting  shall  be  at  least  two (2)  members present at the meeting.

To  assist  in  the  discharge  of  its  stewardship  role,  the  Board  has  established  Board  committees,  namely,  the  Audit, Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committees,  which  operate  within  approved  Terms  of  Reference.  These  committees have  authority  to  examine  particular  issues  and  report  to  the  Board  with  their  findings  and  recommendations.  The ultimate responsibility for the final decision on all matters, however, lies with the entire Board. The Executive Chairman is  not  a  member  of  the  Audit,  Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committees  to  ensure  there  is  check  and  balance  as well  as  objective  review  by  the  Board.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## I.    Board Responsibilities (cont'd)

## Process of the Board (cont'd)

Board  Committees  meetings  are  conducted  separately  and  chaired  by  the  respective  Chairman.  All  deliberations  and decisions taken by the Board Committees are documented and approved by the Chairman of the Committees, before reporting  and  recommending to the Board for deliberations and approval.

Prior  to  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  meetings,  a  formal  and  structured  agenda,  as  approved  by  the  respective Chairman  of  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees,  together  with  a  set  of  Board  and  Board  Committees  papers,  are forwarded  to  all  Directors  at  least  five  (5)  business  days  prior  to  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  meetings,  for  the Directors to be prepared to deal with matters arising from such meetings and to enable the Board and Board Committees to make decisions. Presentations to the Board and the Board Committees are prepared and delivered in a manner that ensures a clear and adequate understanding of the subject matter.

## Qualified  and  Competent Company Secretary

The Board is supported by qualified, competent and experienced Company Secretaries who facilitate overall compliance with  the  MMLR  of  Bursa  Securities  as  well  as  inform  and  keep  the  Board  updated  on  the  latest  enhancements  in corporate governance, changes in the legal regulatory framework, new statutory requirements and best practices.

The  Company  Secretary  organises  and  attends  all  Board  and  Board  Committees  meetings  and  ensures  meetings  are properly  convened,  follows  up  on  matters  arising  and  ensures  accurate  and  proper  records  of  the  proceedings  and resolutions passed are maintained accordingly at the registered office of the Company. The Company Secretary is also responsible  to  maintain  the  documentation  of  the  Board  such  as  meeting  papers  and  minutes  of  the  Board  and  its committees to  be  produced  for  inspection,  if  required  and  to  ensure  a  balanced  flow  of  information  is  disseminated to the Directors for decisions to be made on an informed basis for the effective discharge of the Board's responsibilities.

All  Board  members have unrestricted access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary.

## Delegation to Management

The  responsibility  for  the  operation  and  administration  of  the  Group  is  delegated  by  the  Board  to  the  Chief  Executive Officer  ('CEO')  and  other  Senior  Management  Personnel  within  levels  of  authority  specified  by  the  Board  from  time  to time.  The  Board  ensures  that  this  Senior  Management  Team  is  appropriately  qualified  and  experienced  to  discharge  its responsibilities  and  has  in  place  procedures  to  assess  the  performance  of  the  team.

The CEO may delegate aspects of his authority and power but remains accountable to the Board for the Group's performance and is required to report regularly to the Board on the conduct and performance of the Group's business units.

## Separation of Positions of Executive Chairman ('EC') and CEO

The roles of the EC and CEO of the Company are distinct and separate with individual responsibilities. Each of them has clearly defined duties and authority thus ensuring balance of power and greater capacity for independent decision-making.

The EC is responsible for running the Board and ensures that all Board members receive sufficient and timely relevant information to enable the Directors to participate actively in the Board's decisions. The EC is also responsible to provide leadership,  strategic  directions  and  objectives  in  line  with  the  Group's  vision  and  mission  while  leading  the  Board  in establishing  and  implementation  of  good  corporate  governance  practices  within  the  Group.  The  CEO  is  responsible  for the day-to-day management of the Group and effective leadership of the Management Team as well as the implementation of  the  Board's  policies  and  decisions.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## I.    Board Responsibilities (cont'd)

## Board Charter

To  enhance  accountability  and  establish  a  proper  delineation  of  roles  between  its  Board  and  the  Management,  the Company has formalised and adopted a Board Charter ('Charter').

The Charter sets out five guiding principles of good corporate governance namely Fairness, Transparency, Accountability, Responsibility  and  Sustainability .  It  provides  guidance  for  Directors  regarding  their  roles  in  discharging  their  duties towards the Company as well as Boardroom activities.

The Charter was last reviewed and approved by the Board on 29 March 2022 and has been uploaded on the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

## Schedule of Matters Reserved for the Board

To enhance accountability, the Board has established a formal schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board for  its  deliberation  and  decision  to  ensure  the  direction  and  control  of  the  Group's  business  are  firmly  in  its  hands. Details  of  the  schedule  of  matters  specifically  reserved  for  the  Board  are  available  to  the  public  on  the  Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

## Code of Conduct

The  Company  has  formalised  a  Code  of  Conduct  which  contains  policies  and  procedures  relating  to  the  professional conduct and ethics that are applicable to all  employees.

The Code of Conduct is uploaded on the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

## Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct for Directors

The  Board  acknowledges  the  importance  of  establishing  a  healthy  corporate  culture  among  the  Directors  and  has formalised in writing a Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct for Directors, which set out the standards of good behavior by  underscoring  the  core  ethical  values  that  are  vital  for  their  business  decisions.

The  Code  of  Ethics  and  Code  of  Conduct  for  Directors  are  included  in  the  Board  Charter  which  is  published  at  the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

## Whistleblowing Policy

The  Board  has  formalised  a  Whistleblowing  Policy  to  provide  a  safe  mechanism  for  whomever  to  come  forward  and raise any concerns about the actual or potential fraud or breach of trust involving employee, Management or Directors in the Group. It allows the whistle-blower the opportunity to raise concerns outside the management line. The identity of  the  whistle-blower  will  be  kept  confidential  and  protection  is  accorded  to  the  whistle-blower  against  any  form  of reprisal  or  retribution.

The Whistleblowing Policy is published at the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## I.    Board Responsibilities (cont'd)

## Anti-Bribery  and  Corruption  Policy

The  Group  adopts  a  zero-tolerance  approach  against  all  forms  of  bribery  and  corruption.  The  Board  has  formalised an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy to prevent, detect and address bribery and corruption via establishing a culture of  integrity,  transparency,  and  compliance.

The Anti-Bribery  and  Corruption  Policy  is  published  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .

## Access to Information and Advice

From time to time, whenever the Board requires relevant information updates from any members of the Management, the relevant member is invited to attend meetings of the Board or its Committees to provide the Board with any such relevant  information  or  updates.

All  Directors have unrestricted access to information within the Group and to obtain independent professional advice, when  necessary,  at  the  Company's  expense.  Prior  to  engaging  any  independent  adviser,  approval  must  be  obtained from the Executive Chairman and, where applicable, the Executive Chairman may bring up the request for the Board's evaluation  on  the  need  for  external  advice.

## Governance of Sustainability

The  Board  is  responsible  for  the  governance  of  the  sustainability  risks  and  opportunities.  It  provides  guidance  and oversight to formulate the Group's sustainability strategies to ensure long-term business success. Meanwhile, the CEO is  leading  the  Senior  Management  Team  in  implementing  the  sustainability  plans  and  strategies  across  the  board.

The Board continues to stay abreast with the sustainability issues relevant to the Group and to ensure it communicates the Group's sustainability strategies, priorities, targets, and performance against the targets to all the stakeholders via the  Sustainability  Statement  included  in  this  Annual  Report.

## II.  Board Composition

## Existing  Board  Composition

The Company's Board Charter requires the Board to have a majority of Independent Directors. The Board currently consists of  nine  (9)  Directors;  five  (5)  of  whom  are  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors.  The  Board  comprises  an  appropriate balance with sufficiently diverse experience required for the effective stewardship of the Group. The balance of Executive Directors  and  Non-Executive  Directors  (including  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors)  is  such  that  decisions  made  are fully discussed and examined after taking into account the long term interest of shareholders, employees, customers and the  many  communities  in  which  the  Group  conducts  its  business.  The  division  of  responsibilities  between  the  Executive Directors and the Non-Executive Directors on the Board ensures independence in decision making at Board level.

## Independence

The Board has a collective responsibility for the management of the Group. The Independent Non-Executive Directors are committed  in  upholding  business  integrity  and  bringing  independent  judgement  and  scrutiny  to  decisions  taken  by  the Board  and  providing  objective  challenges  to  the  Management.  The  Executive  Directors  are  responsible  for  making  and implementing operational and corporate decisions as well as day-to-day management of the business and operations of the  Group.  There  is  a  clear  division  of  responsibilities  between  the  executive  and  non-executive  functions  to  ensure effectiveness of the decision making process of the Board.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## II.  Board Composition (cont'd)

## Independence (cont'd)

Independent Non-Executive Directors do not participate in the day-to-day management of the Group and do not engage in any business dealing or other relationship with the Group. This is to ensure that they are capable of exercising judgment objectively whilst acting in the best interest of the Group, its stakeholders and shareholders, including minority shareholders.

The Board is of the view that tenure should not form part of the independence assessment criteria, as it believes that the  ability  of  a  Director  to  serve  effectively  is  dependent  upon  his  caliber,  qualifications,  experiences  and  personal qualities,  in  particular,  integrity  and  objectivity.

## Tenure of Independent Directors

Following an assessment by the Nomination Committee ('NC') and the Board, Mr Toh Khiam Huat ('Mr Toh'), Mr Chew Kat  Nyap  ('Mr  Chew')  and  Mr  Teh  Kok  Heng  ('Mr  Teh'),  who  have  served  as  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  of the Company for a cumulative term of more than nine (9) years as at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of  the  Company,  have  been  recommended  by  the  Board  to  continue  to  act  as  Independent  Directors,  subject  to shareholders'  approval  at  the  AGM.

The Board recommends Mr Toh, Mr Chew and Mr Teh to continue to act as Independent Directors based on the following justifications:

- (i) They  had  fulfilled  the  criteria  under  the  definition  on  Independent  Director  as  stated  in  the  MMLR  of  Bursa Securities  and  were  therefore  able  to  bring  independent  and  objective  judgment  to  the  Board;
- (ii) They  have  been  with  the  Group  for  many  years  and  possessed  deep  understanding  of  the  Group's  business operations  and  have  continued  to  critically  and  constructively  challenge  and  contribute  to  the  development  of effective  business  strategy  and  direction  of  the  Company  during  Board  and  Board  Committees'  meetings;
- (iii) Their  long  tenure  with  the  Company  had  neither  impaired  nor  compromised  their  independent  judgement.  They were free from any business or other relationships which could interfere with their exercise of independent judgement;
- (iv)  They  provided  effective  check  and  balance  in  the  proceeding  of  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees;
- (v) They  continued  to  remain  objective  and  were  able  to  exercise  independent  judgement  in  expressing  their  views and in participating in deliberations and decision making of the Board and Board Committees in the best interest of  the  Company;
- (vi) They exhibited high commitment and devoted sufficient time and attention to their responsibilities as Independent Directors  of  the  Company;  and
- (vii)  They  had  met  with  the  attendance  requirements  for  Board  Meetings  pursuant  to  the  MMLR  of  Bursa  Securities. This  testifies  to  their  dedication  in  discharging  the  responsibilities  expected  of  an  Independent  Director.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## II.  Board Composition (cont'd)

## Tenure of Independent Directors (cont'd)

Mr  Neoh  Lay  Keong  ('Mr  Neoh')  and  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  ('Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni'),  the  Independent Directors  who  have  served  the  Board  for  more  than  twelve  (12)  years,  have  indicated  to  the  Company  that  they  will be stepping down as Independent Directors after the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM.

Upon the resignation  of  Mr  Neoh  and  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni,  the  Company  will  not  be  in  compliance  with  Paragraph 15.09(1)  of  the  MMLR  of  Bursa  Securities  and  must  fill  the  vacancies  within  three  (3)  months  from  the  date  of  their resignation.  The  Company  will  source  the  replacements  soonest  possible  and  make  the  necessary  announcements relating  thereto  to  Bursa  Securities.

## Boardroom Diversity

The NC is entrusted by the Board to identify and recommend suitable candidates to fill up vacant seats of the Board. The NC shall ensure the Board has the appropriate balance of skills, experience and knowledge.

Before any recommendation is made to the Board, the NC under the guidance of the Company's Fit and Proper Policy and  the  Terms  of  Reference  of  the  NC,  evaluates  a  candidate  by  considering  the  factors  including  ethical  standards and values, career history, age, gender, ethnicity, professional background, skill and expertise, personal characteristics, integrity,  capability  and  time  to  discharge  duty  as  a  Director  and  for  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director,  whether he/she meets the criteria of an Independent Director as specified by Practice Note 13 of the MMLR of Bursa Securities.

The NC shall at all times continue to ensure a well-balanced Board and to ensure equal opportunity is given and that no  candidate  is  subject  to  any  form  of  discrimination  in  terms  of  age,  gender,  ethnicity,  religion,  marital  status  and appearance in the process of identifying suitable candidates for replacement or new Board member.

In identifying candidates for new directorship of the Company, the NC does not solely rely on recommendations from members  of  the  Board,  Management  or  major  shareholders.  The  NC  makes  reference  to  the  Company's  business associates  and  professional  bodies  from  time  to  time.

The  Board  acknowledges  the  importance  of  gender  diversity  in  the  Boardroom.  However,  the  Board  does  not  adopt any formal gender diversity policy in the selection of new Board members and does not have specific targets for female Director. The Board continues to evaluate a candidate for new Board member by considering all the factors including ethical  standards  and  values,  career  history,  age,  gender,  ethnicity,  skill  and  expertise,  personal  qualities,  integrity, educational qualification,  capability  and  time  to  discharge  duty  effectively.

During the financial year ended 30 April 2022, the NC reviewed and recommended to the Board for the appointment of Ms Leow Vinzie as the Alternate Director to Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa on 29 June 2021 following the resignation of  Mr  Leow  Vinken  as  Alternate  Director  to  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  on  the  same  day.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## II.  Board Composition (cont'd)

## Re-election  of  Directors

In  accordance  with  the  Company's  Constitution  (the  'Constitution'),  all  Directors  who  are  appointed  by  the  Board  to fill a casual vacancy are subject to election by shareholders of the Company at the first Annual General Meeting ('AGM') after  their  appointment.  The  Constitution  also  provides  that  one-third  (1/3)  of  the  Directors  for  the  time  being,  or  if their  number  is  not  three  (3)  or  a  multiple  of  three  (3)  then  the  number  nearest  to  one-third  (1/3),  shall  retire  from office  at  the  conclusion  of  the  AGM  in  every  year  provided  always  that  all  Directors  shall  retire  from  office  at  least once in every three (3)  years,  but  shall  be  eligible  for  re-election.

For the forthcoming AGM, the following Directors will retire by rotation, and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:

- Mr Toh Khiam Huat
- Mr Chew Kat Nyap
- Mr Teh Kok Heng

The  profile  of  the  above  Directors  and  their  respective  attendance  in  Board  Meetings  are  presented  in  this  Annual Report.  Meanwhile,  the  Board's  recommendation  statement  for  the  re-election  of  the  above  Directors  is  included  in the  Notice  of  AGM  dated  29  August  2022.

## Succession Planning

The Board acknowledges that succession planning is important for the Company's stability and sustainability. The NC is  entrusted to assess and recommend suitable candidates to be appointed as Director of the Company to fill up any vacant seat in  the  Boardroom.

## Nomination Committee

The  NC  of  the  Company  comprises  three  (3)  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  and  is  chaired  by  the  Company's Senior  Independent Non-Executive Director.

During  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022,  two  (2)  NC's  meetings  were  held.  The  details  of  attendance  of  each member at the NC meetings held during the financial year are as follows:-

| Number of Nomination Committee  Meeting Attended  Name of Nomination Committee Members  Neoh Lay Keong (Chairman)  2/2  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  2/2  Chew Kat Nyap  2/2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC's Terms of Reference and the Fit and Proper Policy that guide the NC on the appointment and re-election of Directors  can  be  viewed  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .  The  Board  had  reviewed  and  approved  the Terms of Reference and the Fit and Proper Policy on 29 March 2022.

The activities  of  the  NC  during  the  financial  year  are  disclosed  in  the  CG  Report.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## II.  Board Composition (cont'd)

Annual  Assessment  of  Effectiveness  of  the  Board  and  Board  Committees,  Performance  of  Individual  Directors  and Independent Directors

The Board has through the NC, assessed the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and each Board committees and performance  of  Individual  Directors  and  opined  that  the  Board,  Board  committees  and  the  individual  Directors  had discharged their duties and roles effectively and that the current Board has the right blend of knowledge and experience to  optimise  the  Company's  performance  and  strategy.

In  ensuring that the independent judgments by the Company's Non-Executive Directors are not compromised, the NC performs  yearly  assessment  on  the  independence  of  the  Independent  Directors.  The  assessment  is  conducted  by making reference to Practice Note 13 of the MMLR of Bursa Securities.

Based  on  the  assessment  conducted  for  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022,  the  Board  is  satisfied  with  the  level  of independence  demonstrated  by  all  the  Independent  Directors  and  their  ability  to  continue  to  exercise  independent judgment.

## Board Meetings

It  is  the  policy  of  the  Company  for  Directors  to  devote  sufficient  time  and  effort  in  carrying  out  their  responsibilities. The Board is required to meet every three (3) months in regular Board of Directors' meetings during a financial year to approve the quarterly results on a pre-scheduled basis. Additional meetings are convened when urgent and important decisions  need  to  be  taken  between  scheduled  meetings.

The Board of Directors had met four (4) times during the financial year under review and the details of the Directors' attendance are as follows:

| Name of Directors  Number of Meetings Attended  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa (Chairman)  4/4  Mark Wing Kong  4/4  Yap Chee Woon  4/4  Leow Sok Hoon  4/4  Neoh Lay Keong  4/4  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  3/4  Toh Khiam Huat  4/4  Chew Kat Nyap  4/4  Teh Kok Heng  4/4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Number of Directorships in other Companies

All  Directors  are  expected  to  notify  the  Board  of  their  acceptance  of  any  new  directorship  in  other  listed  issuers.

Directors  of  the  Company  do  not  hold  more  than  five  (5)  directorships  in  listed  issuers  as  stipulated  in  the  MMLR.

The listing of directorships held by Directors is disclosed by the respective Directors to the Board to ensure compliance to  the  MMLR.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## II.  Board Composition (cont'd)

## Directors'  Training

The Board has through the NC assessed the training needs of each Director on an annual basis by determining areas that would strengthen their contribution to the Board. From the assessment, the NC is satisfied that the Directors have attended adequate trainings to enable them to discharge their duties.

All Directors have attended and successfully completed the Mandatory Accreditation Program prescribed by Bursa Securities.

The Directors have committed to participate in relevant training programs to keep abreast with the latest developments in the business environment, particularly in sustainability risks and opportunities, corporate governance, and regulatory changes, so that they can effectively  discharge  their  duties  as  Directors.

For  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022,  the  courses  attended  by  the  Directors  include:

| Name of Directors  Course / Seminar attended  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong Howa  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  Mark Wing Kong  (i)  Maybank  Global  Market  Economic  Outlook  2022  -  Pandemicrisis  to  Endermiconomics  organised by Maybank  Yap Chee Woon  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  Maybank  Global  Market  Economic  Outlook  2022  -  Pandemicrisis  to  Endermiconomics  organised by Maybank  Leow Sok Hoon  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  Neoh Lay Keong  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  SC's  Audit  Oversight  Board  Conversation  with  Audit  Committees  organised  by  Securities  Commission Malaysia  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni Bin Ahmad  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  SC's  Audit  Oversight  Board  Conversation  with  Audit  Committees  organised  by  Securities  Commission Malaysia  Toh Khiam Huat  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  SC's  Audit  Oversight  Board  Conversation  with  Audit  Committees  organised  by  Securities  Commission Malaysia  Chew Kat Nyap  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  Malaysia's  Economic and Stock Market Outlook organised by Capital Dynamics  Teh Kok Heng  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  Leow Vinzie  (i)  2022 Malaysian Budget Webinar organised by Tricor Taxand Sdn Bhd  (ii)  Maybank  Global  Market  Economic  Outlook  2022  -  Pandemicrisis  to  Endermiconomics  organised by Maybank   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company Secretary regularly updates the relevant guidelines on statutory and regulatory requirements from time to time for the Board's reference and briefs the Board quarterly on these updates, where applicable, at Board meetings. The External Auditors also briefed the Board members on any changes to the Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards and  International  Accounting  Standards  that  would  affect  the  Group's  financial  statements  during  the  financial  year under  review.  The  Directors  will  continue  to  undergo  relevant  training  programs  to  further  enhance  their  skills  and knowledge in the discharge of their stewardship role.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS (CONT'D)

## III. Remuneration

## Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee ('RC') comprises three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors and is entrusted by the Board  to  recommend  the  remuneration  framework  for  Directors  as  well  as  the  remuneration  packages  of  Executive Directors and Senior Management to the Board. The policy practiced on Directors and Senior Management's remuneration by  the  RC  is  to  provide  the  remuneration  packages  necessary  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  Directors  and  Senior Management  of  the  quality  required  to  manage  the  business  as  well  as  the  sustainability  risks  and  opportunities  of the  Company and to align the interest of the Directors and Senior Management with those of the stakeholders.

During the financial year ended 30 April 2022, two (2) RC's meetings were held to review and recommend to the Board on  the  remuneration  of  the  Directors  and  Senior  Management.  The  details  of  attendance  of  each  member  at  the  RC meetings held during the financial year are as follows:-

| Name of Remuneration Committee Members  Number of Remuneration  Committee Meeting Attended  Neoh Lay Keong (Chairman)  2/2  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  2/2  Chew Kat Nyap  2/2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Terms of Reference

The  details  of  the  Terms  of  Reference  of  the  RC  are  available  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .  The Board had reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference on 29 March 2022.

## Directors  and  Senior  Management's Remuneration

The remuneration package for Directors and Senior Management comprises the following elements:-

## · Directors'  Fee  and  Meeting  Allowance

The  Directors'  fee  payable  to  each  of  the  Directors  is  determined  by  the  Board.  All  Directors  are  paid  meeting allowances as determined by the Board as reimbursement for expenses incurred for attending the Board and Audit Committee meetings.

## · Basic  Salaries  and  Bonuses

The  basic  salaries  and  bonuses  for  the  Executive  Directors  ('ED')  are  recommended  by  the  RC  to  the  Board  for approval, while the CEO and ED determine the basic salaries and bonuses for the Senior Management other than Executive  Directors.

Bonus is a performance-based payment linked to the corporate performance and individual performance of the ED and Senior Management.

## · Benefits-in-kind

Customary  benefits  such  as  motor  vehicle,  club  membership,  mobile  phone  allowance  are  made  available  to  the ED and Senior Management in accordance with the policies of the Group.

The  details  of  the  remuneration  of  the  Company's  Directors  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  are  disclosed on a named basis in the CG Report.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT

## I.    Audit Committee

## Audit  Committee Composition

The Audit Committee ('AC') comprises three (3) Independent Non-Executive Directors.

The Chairman of the AC is not the Chairman of the Board.

All  the  members  of  the  AC  are  financially  literate,  competent,  and  can  understand  the  financial  reporting  process. Collectively  they  possess  a  wide  range  of  skills  and  expertise  to  discharge  their  duties.

## Audit  Committee Meetings

The AC meets not less than four (4) times a year and is governed by clearly defined Terms of Reference.

The details  of  attendance  of  each  member  at  the  AC  meetings  held  during  the  financial  year  are  as  follows:-

| Name of Audit Committee Members  Number of Audit Committee  Meeting Attended  Toh Khiam Huat (Chairman)  4/4  Neoh Lay Keong  4/4  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  3/4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Yearly  Assessment on Suitability  and  Independence of External Auditors

The  AC  performs  a  yearly  assessment  on  the  suitability,  objectivity  and  independence  of  the  External  Auditors  to safeguard the quality and reliability  of  audited  financial  statements.

The  AC  is  satisfied  with  the  performance  and  objectivity  of  the  Company's  External  Auditors,  BDO  PLT,  for  the  audit engagement throughout the financial year ended 30 April 2022 before recommending to the Board for the re-appointment of  BDO PLT as External Auditors for the financial  year  ending  30  April  2023.

## Related Party Transaction

An  internal  compliance  framework  exists  to  ensure  that  the  Group  meets  its  obligations  relating  to  related  party transactions  under  the  MMLR.  The  Board,  through  the  AC,  reviews  all  material  related  party  transactions  involved.  A Director who has an interest in a transaction must abstain from deliberation and voting on the relevant resolution in respect  of  such  transaction  at  the  Board  and  at  any  general  meeting  convened  to  consider  such  matter.

The  Circular  to  Shareholders  dated  29  August  2022  as  well  as  the  notes  to  the  financial  statements  herein  provide further  details  on  these  related  party  transactions.

## Terms of Reference

The  details  of  the  Terms  of  Reference  of  the  AC  are  available  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .  The Board had reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference on 29 March 2022.

## Summary of Work Conducted

The summary of work conducted by the AC are disclosed in the Audit Committee Report of this Annual Report.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## II.   Risk  Management and Internal Control Framework

## Risk  Management Framework

The  Board  has  formalised  a  risk  management  framework  to  safeguard  the  interest,  and  meet  the  expectations  of  its shareholders,  employees,  customers,  other  stakeholders  and  the  many  communities  in  which  the  Group  conducts  its business.  This  involves:

- Enhancing strategic competitiveness and operational efficiency that increases long term shareholders' value;
- Minimising unexpected impact to earnings and returns to shareholders;
- Safeguarding valuable assets and resources;
- Balancing expectations of various stakeholders; and
- Meeting existing regulatory requirements on risk management.

The Board requires the Group to maintain a rigorous risk management framework for identifying, evaluating, monitoring and managing the risks taken to achieve the Group's business objectives.

## Risk  Management Committee

The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, headed by the CEO and assisted by the Head of Finance and other Senior Management to lead the implementation of the Group's Risk Management Policy. The Risk Management Committee reports to the AC on its findings and the AC will report to the Board accordingly.

The  Statement  of  Risk  Management  and  Internal  Control  included  in  this  Annual  Report  provides  an  overview  of  the state  of  risk  management  and  internal  controls  within  the  Group.

## Internal  Audit  Function

The AC is responsible to ensure that the Group's internal audit function is operating effectively and independently.

An independent Internal Audit function was set up to assist and report directly to the AC in respect of the adequacy of the Group's internal control and risk management systems from the perspectives of governance, risks and controls. A summary of activities conducted by the Internal Audit function in respect of the financial year under review was set out  in  the  Audit  Committee  Report  of  this  Annual  Report.

The cost incurred for the internal  audit  function  in  respect  of  the  financial  year  was  RM182,669.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE C:   INTEGRITY  IN  CORPORATE  REPORTING  AND  MEANINGFUL  RELATIONSHIP  WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## I.    Engagement with Stakeholders

## Communication Policy

The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining an effective communication channel between the Board, shareholders and other stakeholders for timely dissemination of information. To facilitate this process,  the  Board  has  formalised  a Corporate Disclosure Policy with regards to the handling and disclosing of material information to the public.

Besides  the  direct  communication  and  interaction  with  shareholders  at  the  Company's  general  meetings,  the  Group  has an official website at www.lbalum.com where useful information including corporate information, products and facilities, financial  result  and  announcements  are  uploaded  for  easy  access  by  the  public.  Shareholders  or  potential  investor  can also  send  their  feedback  or  inquiries  to  the  Company  via  the  website.  The  Group's  website  is  continuously  updated  to provide timely and accurate information to the users.

The  notice  of  general  meetings,  proxy  form,  Annual  Report,  Circulars  to  shareholders  and  minutes  of  the  general meetings are also published on the Company's website.

Shareholders  may  also  contact  the  Company's  Executive  Secretary,  Ms  Irene  Leong,  to  address  any  concern  which  a shareholder may have and she can be contacted via telephone, facsimile or electronic mail as follows:-

Tel.  No.  03-2163  3688 Fax  No.  03-2163  2122 e-mail: irene@lbalum.com.my

## Corporate Disclosure Policy

The Board has outlined the Company's approach towards the determination and dissemination of material information, the  circumstances under which the confidentiality of information will be maintained, preventing abuse of undisclosed material  information  and  provides  guidelines  for  achieving  consistent  disclosure  practices.

The Corporate Disclosure Policy ('Policy')  applies  to  the  conduct  of  all  Directors  and  employees  of  the  Company  with regards to handling and disclosing material information.

The Policy  covers  the  procedures  for  the  Company  to  communicate  the  following  information  to  the  public:

- (a) Documents  filed  with  the  regulators,  written  statements  made  in  the  Company's  annual  and  quarterly  reports, press releases, letters, circulars to shareholders, e-mail communications and information on the Company's website; and
- (b) Oral  statements  made  in  group  and  individual  meetings,  interviews  and  press  conferences  and  telephone conversations with members of the investment community (which includes analysts, investors, investment dealers, advisors  and  media).

The Policy does not apply to communication made in the ordinary course of business not involving material information.

The Policy  is  available  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERVIEW STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## PRINCIPLE C:   INTEGRITY  IN  CORPORATE  REPORTING  AND  MEANINGFUL  RELATIONSHIP  WITH STAKEHOLDERS (CONT'D)

## II.   Conduct  of  General  Meetings

## Notice of  General  Meetings

The notice and meeting documents of the EGM held on 12 August 2021 and the AGM held on 28 October 2021 were made available  to  the  Company  shareholders  at  least  twenty-eight  (28)  days  before  the  meetings.  The  Company  also published the notices of the EGM and AGM in a national newspaper. The notices included explanatory statements for the  proposed resolutions to  facilitate  a  better  understanding  and  evaluation  of  issues  by  the  shareholders.

The Company encourages its shareholders to participate in the forthcoming AGM on 29 September 2022.

## Attendance at General Meetings

The general meeting is a useful platform for shareholders to participate and communicate with the Board and encourages shareholders to engage in any discussion.

During  the  Financial  Year  2022,  the  Company  conducted  fully  virtual  EGM  and  AGM  using  remote  participation  and voting  facilities  provided  by  Tricor  Investor  &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd.  All  the  Board  members  attended  the EGM and AGM, and the Board responded to the pre-meeting and live questions from the shareholders. The minutes of the meetings were uploaded to the Company's website at www.lbalum.com within 30 business days from the date of  the  meetings.

## Voting  at  Meetings

The Company appointed a poll administrator and a scrutineer for the poll voting process of the EGM and AGM. Following the  MMLR,  the  Board  put  all  resolutions  to  vote  by  poll  at  the  meetings  and  announced  the  polling  results  to  Bursa Securities  on  the  same  day.

## III. Statement on Directors' Responsibility

The  Directors  are  required,  pursuant  to  Section  251(2)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2016  (the  'Act'),  to  draw  up  financial statements  for  each  financial  year  that  gives  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  state  of  affairs  of  the  Company  and  of  the Group as at the end of the accounting period and of their results and cash flow for the year then ended. In addition, the  Directors  have  the  general  responsibility  for  taking  such  steps  as  they  are  reasonably  open  to  them  to  safeguard the  assets  of  the  Group  and  to  prevent  fraud  and  other  irregularities.  In  preparing  the  financial  statements  for  the year  ended 30 April  2022,  the  Directors  have:-

- (i) adopted the appropriate accounting policies, which are consistently applied;
- (ii) made reasonable and prudent judgments and estimates; and
- (iii) ensured  that  the  applicable  approved  Malaysian  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Financial  Reporting Standards and the provisions of the Act are complied with.

The Statement of Directors pursuant to the Act is set out in the Annual Report.

<!-- image -->

## ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE INFORMATION AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

## 1. AUDIT FEES AND NON-AUDIT FEES

The  amount  of  non-audit  fees  paid  or  payable  to  firms  or  corporations  affiliated  to  the  external  auditors  for  the financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  amounted  to  RM107,650  for  the  Company  and  RM181,336  for  the  Group  (2021: RM15,380 for the Company and RM57,347 for the Group). The amounts of audit fees paid or payable to the external auditors of the Company and the Group have been disclosed under Note 26 to the Audited Financial Statements of this  Annual  Report.

## 2. MATERIAL CONTRACTS

No material  contracts  (not  being  contracts  entered  into  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business)  have  been  entered  into by  the  Company  and/or  its  subsidiaries  which  involved  Directors'  and/or  major  shareholders'  interests,  either  still subsisting at the end of the financial year ended 30 April 2022 or, if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of  the  previous  financial  year.

## 3. RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE

The related party transactions are set out in the notes to the financial statements in which the transactions were carried out on terms and conditions not materially different from those obtainable from transactions with unrelated parties.

The  recurrent  related  party  transactions  of  a  revenue  or  trading  nature  of  the  Group  conducted  pursuant  to  the shareholders'  mandate during the financial year ended 30 April 2022 are as follows:-

| Company/  Subsidiaries  Involved  Transacting  Parties  Nature of Recurrent  Transactions  Aggregate  Value  (RM'000)  Interested Related Party and  Nature of Relations  LB  Aluminium  Berhad ('LBA')  Formosa  Shyen  Horng  Metal  Sdn  Bhd ('FSHM')  Purchase  and  tolling  services  of  aluminium  billets  from  FSHM  by  LBA  144,393  1.  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  ('Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow'),  a  Director  and  major  shareholder  of  LBA,  is  a  Director  and  major shareholder of A-Rank Berhad, the  holding  company of FSHM.  2.  Leow Vinzie, the daughter of Tan Sri Datuk  Leow  and  the  Alternate  Director  to  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  in  LBA,  is  a  Director  of  A-Rank Berhad.  3.  Leow Vinken, a son of Tan Sri Datuk Leow,  is  a  Director  of  A-Rank  Berhad.  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn  Bhd ('LBAS')  FSHM  Purchase  and  tolling  services  of  aluminium  billets  from  FSHM  by  LBAS  19,183   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. ULTILISATION OF PROCEEDS

There were no proceeds raised by the Company from any corporate proposal during the financial year ended 30 April 2022.

## 5. EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEME

The Company did not establish any employee share scheme and does not have any subsisting employee share scheme during the financial year ended 30 April 2022.

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

## INTRODUCTION

The Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance requires the Board of Directors ('Board') to maintain an effective risk management and internal control framework to safeguard shareholders' investments and  the  Group's  assets.  Pursuant  to  Paragraph  15.26(b)  of  the  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ('Bursa'), the Board is pleased to present herewith the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control ('SORMIC'), prepared in accordance with the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers ('SORMIC Guidelines') endorsed by Bursa, which outlines the nature and state of risk management and internal control of  the  Company and its subsidiaries ('the Group') for the financial year under review.

## BOARD RESPONSIBILITY

The Board recognises the importance of a sound system of internal control and risk management practices are essential in  ensuring  good  corporate  governance.  The  Board  acknowledges  its  overall  responsibility  of  ensuring  the  adequacy, effectiveness  and  integrity  of  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  system  to  safeguard  shareholders'  investments and the Group's assets. Such a system is designed to manage an acceptable risk profile rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives, as such, can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, fraud, irregularities and errors in judgement or unpredictable risks, as well as uncontrollable events such as natural disasters  or  pandemic.

Whilst  the  Board  assumes  responsibility  for  the  Group's  internal  controls  and  risk  management,  the  Management  holds the key role in the implementation of the internal controls and risk management system. Management is accountable for regularly  assessing  that  the  systems  continue  to  operate  efficiently  and  effectively.

In  pursuing its responsibility, the Board confirms that there is continuous effort to enhance the overall risk management process  of  identifying,  evaluating,  managing  and  monitoring  the  significant  risks  by  pursuing  various  initiatives  and  to enhance the tools  and  processes  for  effective  management  of  risks  faced  by  the  Group  in  its  achievement  of  objectives and strategies.

The Board, assisted by the Audit Committee and Risk Management Committee ('RMC') will continue to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system including financial, operational, information technology and compliance controls as well as the governance process.

## RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

The  Board  has,  through  its  RMC,  established  a  risk  management  and  internal  control  framework  that  was  implemented throughout the Group, which is firmly embedded in the Group's processes and structure.

The Board's primary objective and direction in managing the Group's risks are focused on the achievement of the Group's business  objectives.  Overall,  the  Board  balances  the  need  for  risk-taking  and  the  requirement  for  sustainable  business growth  in  view  of  maximizing  long-term  shareholders'  value  growth.  The  Risk  Management  Policy  has  been  in  placed  to identify key risks, the likelihood of those risks occurring as well as any strategy to control or manage those risks affecting the  business.  Ongoing  overall  risk  management  process  also  includes  budgetary  controls  and  regular  meetings  among senior  management to assess:

- Performances of branches and other operating subsidiaries;
- Impact of changes in competition and operating environment; and
- Risks  and  opportunities  in  the  business  and  the  ensuing  action  plans.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (CONT'D)

## RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY (CONT'D)

The Risk Management Policy shall be to safeguard the interest and meet the expectations of its shareholders, employees, customers and the many communities as well as environment in which the Group conducts its business. This involves:

- Enhancing strategic competitiveness and operational efficiency that increases long term shareholders' value;
- Minimising unexpected impact to earning and returns to shareholders;
- Safeguarding valuable assets and resources;
- Balancing expectations of various stakeholders; and
- Meeting existing regulatory requirements on risk management.

## MONITORING AND REVIEW OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  is  committed  to  maintain  a  strong  control  structure  and  environment  for  the  proper  conduct  of  the  Group's business operation. The key elements are:

## Control Environment

- Clear  Group  vision,  mission,  corporate  philosophy  and  strategic  direction  which  are  communicated  to  employees  at  all levels.
- The  Board  has  established  an  organization  structure  with  clearly  defined  lines  of  responsibilities,  authority  limits,  and accountability  aligned  to  business  and  operations  requirements  which  support  the  maintenance  of  a  strong  control environment.
- The  Board  acknowledges  the  importance  of  promoting  good  business  conduct  and  maintaining  a  healthy  corporate culture among the Directors and has formalized in writing a Code of Ethics and a Code of Conduct for Directors, which set out the standards of good behavior by underscoring the core ethical values that are vital for their business decisions. The  Code  of  Ethics  and  Code  of  Conduct  for  Directors  are  included  in  the  Board  Charter  which  is  published  at  the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .
- The Group demonstrates commitment to integrity and ethical values. An Employee Policy Manual articulates expected behaviours  of  all  employees  to  foster  long-lasting,  harmonious  working  relationship  among  the  employees,  including setting out standards Code of Conduct to be adhered by the employees in performing their duties and in dealing with internal  and  external  stakeholders.  The  manual  is  regularly  reviewed  to  incorporate  the  changes  that  will  enhance working  efficiency,  integrity  and  ethical  values.  The  Code  of  Conduct  is  also  uploaded  on  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .
- Emphasis is being placed on enhancing the quality and ability of employees through continuous training and development base  on  annual  training  plan  as  well  as  structured  training  program.  Employees'  competencies  are  assessed  through the performance evaluation systems, potential areas for further development and training are highlighted by the heads of  departments to expand the level of competencies of the employees.
- There is a strong inherent corporate culture wherein any and all exceptional matters that require Senior Management's attention  and/or  decision  were  communicated  and/or  reported  accordingly.
- In  compliance  with  Section  17A  of  the  Malaysian  Anti-Corruption  Commission  ('MACC')  Amendment  Act  2018,  the Group  has  established  the  Anti-Bribery  and  Corruption  ('ABC')  Policy  as  part  of  Anti-Bribery  Management  System  of the Group to help prevent, detect and address bribery and corruption, by establishing a culture of integrity, transparency and compliance.

The  ABC  Policy  and  its  contents  have  been  communicated  to  all  employees  to  raise  awareness  of  the  Group's  stand on  bribery  and  corruption  as  well  as  the  ABC  Policy  via  Company's  website  emails,  intranet,  external  training  and  inhouse training.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (CONT'D)

## MONITORING AND REVIEW OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONT'D)

## Control Environment (cont'd)

The Board, employees, vendors, suppliers and any third parties that have business dealings are required to sign off a written  declaration  as  part  of  their  commitment  towards  zero  tolerance  to  bribery  and  corruption  activities,  and/or confirming  their  compliance  with  the  Group's  Code  of  Ethics  and  Conduct  to  promote  ethical  conduct  to  disclose  any confirmed or potential conflict  of  interest.

The ABC Policy is published in the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .

- Accounting Policies approved by the Board are applicable to the entire Group. Revisions and additions are made when necessary.

## Control Activities

- Limits of authority sets out clear segregation of duties based on the approved levels according to the role and function for  revenue  and  capital  expenditure,  as  well  as  credit  limits  and  credit  terms  given  to  customers  to  facilitate  timely, effective,  quality  decision  making  and  to  keep  potential  exposure  under  control.  The  limits  are  reviewed  and  updated regularly  to  reflect  the  current  business  environment,  operational  and  structural  changes  of  the  Group.
- Standard  Operating  Procedures  ('SOP')  manual  sets  out  the  policies  and  procedures  for  day  to  day  operations  to  be carried out, periodic reviews are performed to ensure that the SOP remains current, relevant and aligned with evolving business environment and operational needs.
- As an integral part of the Group's aim to achieve cyber resilience, the Group has upgraded its firewall to guard the network to proactively build response, to keep computer and the data on it safe and secure, help protect the network by filtering traffic  and  blocking  outsiders  from  gaining  unauthorized  access  to  the  private  data  on  the  computer  and  prohibit  their actions  at  predefined  boundary levels,  and  this  process  is  governed  by  a  set  of  predefined  security  guidelines.
- Constantly exploring the use of renewable energy to reduce production cost as well as to minimise the energy-related environmental  damage  caused  by  fossil  fuels.  The  initiative  to  transition  towards  solar  energy  will  reduce  the  Group dependency on  fossil  fuels  and  at  the  same  time  increase  the  Group's  commitment  towards  environmentally  friendly renewable energy sources.
- Health  and  Safety  Policies  and  Procedures  are  developed  to  assist  in  maintaining  a  safe  working  environment  for  all employees, under the purview of an Occupational Safety and Health Committee.
- Regular visits  to  operating  units  within  the  Group  by  Executive  Directors  and  key  members  of  the  Management.
- The Group is ISO 9001-2015 certified. The effectiveness of the system of internal control is also reviewed through the ISO  9001  Quality  Management  Systems  certification  be  evidenced  by  the  range  of  controls  and  processes  that  have already  been  established,  to  create  efficiencies  by  aligning  and  streamlining  processes  throughout  the  organization.
- A  COVID-19  committee  is  formed  to  continuously  monitor  the  compliance  of  the  SOP  and  latest  development  of  the pandemic. The Group has complied with the SOP set by the Government. Preventive measures implemented including but not limited to regular briefing on the SOP and latest development of the pandemic, providing personal protection equipment to the employees, sanitising workplace regularly especially common areas, create hygiene awareness, promote vaccination  and  conducting  COVID-19  testing  for  all  the  employees.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (CONT'D)

## MONITORING AND REVIEW OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONT'D)

## Information and Communication Processes

- Implementation of Human Resources Management System is to assist users in managing its human resource optimally with  greater  effectiveness  and  efficiency.  It  covers  the  entire  payroll  function,  ranging  from  capturing  employees' information, calculation of salaries and pay, documentation and acting as an analytical tool for Human Resource planning and reports submission to authorities.
- In  the  rapidly  changing  world  of  both  computer  technology  and  consumer  expectations,  operating  systems  evolve  rapidly and system upgrades are critical to business performance. Hence, the Group had been granted approval by the Board and is  in  the  midst  of  upgrading  its  Enterprise  Resource  Planning  ('ERP')  system  as  well  as  IT  hardware  to  enhance  business process, improve efficiency with accuracy through elimination of manual, human error and redundant work, better sharing of  common information across the Group, improve productivity, stronger security and reduce operating costs.
- The Group has implemented a Whistle Blowing Policy that provides an anonymous, secure and confidential communication channel  for  any  parties  to  raise  genuine  concerns  without  fear  of  reprisal  to  alert  or  disclose  information  which  he reasonably  believes  shows  malpractice  or  any  wrongdoings  within  the  Group,  in  order  to  develop  and  maintain  high standard of corporate governance and business integrity. The Whistle Blowing Policy is made available on the Company's website at www.lbalum.com .
- A Personnel Data Protection Policy is available on the Company's website for the management, control and protection of  confidential  information  used  by  the  Group  to  avoid  leakage  and  improper  use  of  such  information.
- The Group aspires to the highest standards of integrity and honesty in the everyday conduct of its business, the ABC Policy  is  in  place  to  assert  the  Group's  stand  on  giving  and  accepting  gifts  and  hospitality  in  relation  to  suppliers  and customers, to avoid conflict of interest or the appearance of conflict of interest in ongoing or potential business dealings between the Group and external parties.
- The Group has established processes and procedures to ensure that quarterly and annual audited financial statements which cover  the  Group's  performance,  are  submitted  to  Bursa  for  release  to  shareholders  and  stakeholders  on  a  timely  basis.  All quarterly financial results are reviewed and approved by the Board prior to announcement. The Group's Annual Reports which contain the annual audited financial statements, together with the auditors' and Directors' reports are issued to the Group's shareholders within the stipulated time prescribed under the Main Market Listing Requirements ('MMLR') of Bursa.

## Monitoring

- The Group also adopts a budgeting process where operating units prepare budgets for the following year, discussions are held between the Management and the heads of operating units to ensure the budgets are attainable and realistic. A management reporting system is in place to carry out monthly monitoring and review of financial results and forecasts against  budgets  for  all  business  units,  with  remedial  action  taken  immediately  for  major  variances  and  followed  up, where necessary.
- The Group has implemented the Recurrent Related Party Transactions ('RRPT') Procedures to ensure proper identification and reporting of RRPT, and to ensure that the RRPT are conducted on arms-length basis, on prices and terms not more favourable to the Related Parties than those generally available to the public and not to the detriment of the minority shareholders of the Group.
- Monthly  Management  Meetings  are  held  regularly  to  identify,  discuss  and  resolve  strategic,  operational,  financial  and key  management issues.
- Other  scheduled  meetings  held  monthly  or  bimonthly  include  Credit  Control  Meeting  to  evaluate  and  approve  credit terms and limits for customers; Sales and Marketing Meeting to formulate sales strategies, update market information as  well  as  to  review  collection;  and  Production  Meeting  to  resolve  operational  issues.

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (CONT'D)

## MONITORING AND REVIEW OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE SYSTEM OF INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONT'D)

## Monitoring (cont'd)

- In  line  with  the  Management's desire to enhance the performance of the Group, the Management has implemented a performance  evaluation  system  based  on  Key  Performance  Indicators  ('KPIs')  to  assess  and  reward  executives  and above of the Group. Top down target setting process with target cascading from the Executive Chairman has improved strategic  focus  and  direction.
- The Audit Committee reviews the quarterly financial results and evaluates the explanations and reasons for significant unusual variances noted thereof.
- The Audit Committee assists the Board in assessing the effectiveness of internal controls by reviewing reports from the internal  and  external  auditors.

## Risk  Management

- The Board had established a RMC, headed by the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') which comprises the Executive Director, Head of Finance ('HOF') and other Senior Management to identify, manage, update and assess the Group's risks, and thereafter to develop, implement and monitor appropriate risk management processes and internal controls to address and mitigate such risks.
- The Group's Risk Management Framework ('RMF') outlined in the Risk Management Policy, which prescribes a structured and integrated approach in managing key business risks with the aim of safeguarding the shareholders' interests and the  Group's  assets.  The  RMF  clearly  defines  the  authority  and  accountability  in  implementing  the  risk  management process and internal control system.
- Risk  management  has  been  part  of  the  Management's  day-to-day  operations  and  has  in  place  a  Risk  Register  where key  risk  profiles  are  established.  The  Risk  Register  is  updated  periodically  wherein  each  fundamental  risk  has  a  risk owner  who  is  responsible  for  ongoing  monitoring  and  review  of  the  risks  and  related  controls  and  that  action  plans are developed and implemented to manage these risks and will report to the RMC on half yearly basis, and the same is  presented  at  the  Audit  Committee  meetings.
- Identify and review the risk elements that impact on the financial performances of the Group and establish mechanism to  manage  risk  including  and  not  limiting  to  volatility  of  foreign  exchange  rates,  escalating  cost  of  operations  and competitive pricing  of  products.
- Adequate and relevance of insurance coverage is in place to ensure the Group's assets are sufficiently covered against any mishap that may result in material losses and business interruption to the Group, which is reviewed annually.
- The  RMC  meets  twice  a  year  to  review  the  execution  of  the  risk  management  framework  as  well  as  to  deliberate  on the top business risk and the actions to be taken to mitigate the risk identified and present report to Audit Committee in  a  timely  manner.
- Assessment  of  RMC's  own  performance  with  the  signing  off  of  the  Risk  Committee  Performance  Evaluation  -  SelfAssessment Questionnaire on an annual basis.

## INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION

The internal audit department on quarterly basis reports directly to the Audit Committee. Internal audit plans are reviewed and  approved  by  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  plans  include  independent  appraisal  on  the  compliance,  adequacy  and effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  controls  and  to  assess  and  monitor  the  effectiveness  and  implementation  of  the Groups'  Risk  Management  Policies.  Included  in  the  reports  are  risk  measures  of  issues  identified  and  recommended corrections  for  implementation  by  the  Management.  Follow-up  reviews  on  previous  audit  recommendations  are  carried out to ensure compliance and appropriate actions have been implemented to address weaknesses highlighted to ensure that  they  are  dealt  with  adequately.

## ADEQUACY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF THE RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEM

Based on the framework established and the reviews conducted, the Board is of the opinion, with the concurrence of the Risk  Management Committee, that there are sound and sufficient controls in place within the Group addressing material financial, operational, regulatory compliance and information technology risks to meet the business objectives and strategies of  the  Group  in  its  current  business  environment.

During the financial  year  under  review,  a  number  of  internal  control  weaknesses  were  identified,  all  of  which  have  been or are being addressed. None of the weaknesses have resulted in any material losses, contingencies or uncertainties that would require disclosure in the Group's Annual Report were noted. The Board confirms that its system of risk management and  internal  control  was  operational  throughout  the  financial  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  approval  of  this  statement  for inclusion  in  the  Annual  Report.

Notwithstanding the fact that the Group's system of risk management and internal controls do not eliminate the possibility of  collusion  or  deliberate  circumvention  of  procedures  by  employees  or  fraud  or  other  unforeseen  circumstances,  the Board has received assurances from the CEO and the HOF that the Group's risk management and internal control system is  operating  adequately  and  effectively  in  all  material  aspects,  based  on  the  risk  management  model  adopted  by  the Group.  The  Management  will  continue  to  review  and  take  measures  to  ensure  the  ongoing  effectiveness  and  adequacy of  the  system  on  risk  management  and  internal  controls.

The Board is satisfied  that  during  the  financial  year  under  review,  there  is  a  process  in  identifying,  evaluating,  managing and monitoring the risks of the business to mitigate any significant risks faced by the Group so as to safeguard shareholders' investments and the Group's assets.

## REVIEW OF THE STATEMENT BY EXTERNAL AUDITOR

As  required  by  Paragraph  15.23  of  Bursa,  the  external  auditors  has  reviewed  this  SORMIC  in  accordance  with  Audit  and Assurance Practice Guide 3 ('AAPG 3'), for inclusion in the Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 April 2022 and reported  that  nothing  has  come  to  their  attention  that  causes  them  to  believe  that  the  SORMIC  included  in  the  Annual Report is  not  prepared,  in  all  material  respects,  in  accordance  with  the  disclosures  required  by  Paragraphs  41  and  42  of the  SORMIC Guidelines, nor is the SORMIC factually inaccurate.

This  SORMIC is  made in accordance with the resolution of the Board dated 15 August 2022.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

The  preservation  of  the  eco-system  and  the natural environment for the future generation while  providing  solutions  for  our  customers has  been  an  integral  part  of  our  corporate culture.  We  believe  that  by  consistently following  the  sustainable  development  path will enable us to achieve our vision of becoming the ' Preferred Global Partner in Aluminium '.

## Report Guidelines

This  report  is  prepared  based  on  the  following  guidelines:-

- Principal Guideline: Bursa Malaysia Sustainability Reporting Guide
- Reference Global Reporting Initiatives  ('GRI')  Standards

## Reporting Cycle

This report is prepared annually coinciding with our financial year  ended 30 April  2022  ('FY2022').

## Feedback and Comments

Please direct your feedback and comments to: irene@lbalum. com.my

## MATERIALITY

We have used a materiality determination and prioritisation process  to  identify  the  most  relevant  topics  to  address  in this report. To assess materiality, we considered our overall Mission  and  Vision,  competitive  strategy,  and  the  interests of our stakeholders. Materiality analysis allows us to identify key  issues  to  help  guide  our  actions  to  achieve  sustainable improvements.

## Stakeholder Influence

<!-- image -->

- Created and prioritised a list of  relevant  stakeholder groups, who can provide a meaningful perspective on the  Group's  sustainability strategy.
- Requested the stakeholders to  rate  the  importance  and impact of each indicator we identified.

<!-- image -->

## Review, Validation and Approval

- The result  of  the  matrix  was reviewed and validated by the Management to ensure it is in line  with  the  Group's  strategy.

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

Our  Sustainability  Statement  is  designed  to  reflect  the significant Economic, Environmental and Social ('EES') impacts of  the  Group's  operations  to  facilitate  decision  making  of stakeholders  and  contribute  to  the  development  of  a sustainable  aluminium industry.

## Scope and Boundary

This  report  covers  all  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  which  the Group has direct control.

## Reporting Period

This report accounts our EES activities from 1 May 2021 to 30 April 2022. Historical information collected from previous years  is  included  to  provide  a  basis  of  comparison.

## MATERIALITY PROCESS

<!-- image -->

## Material Indicators

- Determined and prioritised EES sustainability  indicators  that impact our stakeholders relevant  to  the  Group's business and operations.

## MATERIALITY MATRIX

The  outcome  of  our  materiality  assessment  in  terms  of  the  significance  of  the  EES  impacts  to  the  organisation  or  their influence  on  stakeholder  assessments  and  decisions  are  illustrated  below:

The  Group  has  identified  sixteen  (16)  material  issues  as  shown  below.  The  X-axis  represents  EES  issues  relevant  to  the Group  and  the  Y-axis  denotes  the  issues  material  to  our  stakeholders.  The  issues  on  the  top  right  of  the  matrix  are considered of highest significance to  our  Group  and  stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

The  four  (4)  sustainable  aspects  that  we  determined  to  be  the  most  important  to  our  stakeholders  and  the  Group  are Resource  Maximisation,  Safety  and  Health,  Compliance  and  Material  Recovery .  Resource  Maximisation,  Material  Recovery  and Compliance are intertwined and significant to protect the environment and reduce virgin material extraction. The Health and Safety of our employees are directly connected to our operation, and thus, we keep close risk management in these areas.

The  least  significant  aspects  are Vibration,  Noise and Philanthropy .  Our  factory  does  not  create  noise  and  vibration  that could  adversely  affect  the  community  where  we  operate.  Also,  our  factory  location  is  away  from  residential  community and located at a dedicated industrial area.

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement is a collaborative process that is critical  to  the  success  of  the  Group.

We practice a year-round engagement with stakeholders to offer timely responses that address and anticipate their concerns.

The table below shows the list of stakeholders with whom we engage and who we believe are impacted the most by our business activities.  The  table  also  catalogues  their  concerns  and  our  responses  to  resolve  such  issues:

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| Stakeholder Group  Concerns  Responses  SHAREHOLDERS  The Group's financial  performance  •  The Group will continue innovating and concentrate on improving its  operational  performance  to  ensure  that  the  Group's  margins  are  maintained  •  The  Group  will  keep  on  identifying  new  business  opportunities  to  sustain  future  business  growth  Communication with  shareholders  •  Shareholders are encouraged to participate in the Company's General  Meeting, where they can engage with the Management  •  Timely disclosure of important information on the Company's website  and  immediate  announcement  made  to  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad  EMPLOYEES  Occupational safety  and health  •  Establishment of an Occupational Safety and Health Committee  •  24-hour security  surveillance  •  Provision  of  safety  gears  for  the  protection  of  employees  against  serious  injuries  •  Consistent  promotion  and  constant  updating  of  the  awareness  for  safety  precautions  and  health  issues  Career development  •  Annual training plan  •  Employee  participation  in  local  and  international  trade  fairs  and  exhibitions  •  Apprenticeship  opportunities  for  eligible  employees  under  HRDF's  Apprenticeship Scheme  SUPPLIERS  Long-term business  relationship  •  Conducting site visits  at  the  suppliers'  premises  •  Maintaining two-way communication with suppliers  •  Fair  and  ethical  procurement  process  COMMUNITY  Community  development  •  Donations to schools, charity foundations and welfare bodies  •  Distribution  of  gifts  to  the  needy  during  festivals  CUSTOMERS  Quality  of  products,  after-sales  service  and  on-time delivery  •  Stringent  quality  control  •  ISO  9001  certification  •  Adopting the  'Do it right the first time'  motto to achieve operational  excellence  •  Annual customer surveys  •  Continuing to introduce state-of-the-art  technologies  and  products  GOVERNMENT  Statutory  compliance  •  Conducting relevant trainings for  employees  •  Strict  monitoring  to  ensure  compliance  with  relevant  rules  and  regulations   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE

Our key business principles:-

- State-of-the-art  equipment
- Vigorous quality-control  measures
- Listening  to  and  working  with  our  customers
- On-time delivery
- Innovation in  manufacturing
- Commitment to eco-sustainability

In line with the Group's key business principles, the Management is committed towards achieving the highest sustainability practices  in  driving  our  business  to  be  a  good  steward  of  the  Environment,  Community  and  our  Employees.

The Board provides guidance and oversight to ensure that the Company is equipped with the appropriate strategies and risk management processes to create sustainable values for all stakeholders. The CEO drives the operational responsibility for  sustainability  matters,  whereas  the  Management Team is responsible for formulating and implementing sustainability policies  across  the  organisation.

The  CEO  and  the  Senior  Management  Team  report  to  the  Board  on  a  regular  basis  regarding  sustainability  issues  and recommend the best practices for implementation.

All  heads  of  departments  are  dedicated  and  unified  to  the  common  goal  of  proactively  enhancing  their  respective department's  sustainability  practices  throughout  the  Group.  The  Group's  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Committee  is headed by our CEO and its members are represented by both the Management and employee representatives.

The Group's Risk Management Policy includes EES components to safeguard the interest and meet the expectations of its shareholders, employees, customers, communities and the environment that are impacted by our business and operations.

By  adhering  to  our  key  business  principles  and  responding  to  shifts  in  sustainability  matters,  the  Management  looks forward to continually improve the delivery of sustainable products and services.

## Creating Worthiness

As  we  journey  towards  further  success,  the  Group  strives  to  create  worthiness  by  becoming  a  company  that  our  clients, employees and the community can depend on. As we unswervingly overcome the challenges brought about by economic, technological  and  geopolitical  changes,  we  push  our  capability  to  navigate  our  trajectory  towards  the  right  path.

## Supporting Local Business

We support Malaysia's manufacturing industries and infrastructure projects as well as property development and construction sectors.  We  constantly  look  into  upgrading  our  technology,  and  augmented  by  our  ongoing  initiatives,  we  endeavour  to produce better products and offerings.

## Going Global

We are constantly  upgrading  the  quality  of  our  products  to  meet  both  local  and  international  demand.  As  at  today,  our export markets include destinations in North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand as well as South East Asia.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## ECONOMIC, ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL

## (A)  ECONOMIC

## INVESTOR

The Group strives to enrich its corporate value by implementing a stable and long-term growth strategy that will benefit its  shareholders.  The  Group  maintains  its  efforts  to  engage  with  its  shareholders  through  the  following  initiatives:

- Maximises the shareholders' wealth through consistent initiatives for achieving operational excellence and sustainable growth;
- Discloses  and  disseminates  all  material  information  in  a  timely,  open,  fair  and  transparent  manner;
- Ensures that a robust system of corporate governance is in place;
- Implements policies including Code of Conduct, Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy as well as Whistle Blowing Policy that  will  promote  ethical  behaviour  and  conducts  business  responsibly  in  accordance  with  high  standards  and business ethics;  and
- Engages with the shareholders and investors via various channels of communication, such as General Meetings of shareholders, press releases and the Company's website.

## SUPPLIER

The Group respects and works closely with its suppliers by fostering long-term relationships to realise mutual growth based on mutual trust. In this regard, the Group engages its suppliers through the following protocols:

- We are ISO 9001 certified. All of our suppliers must strictly comply with all relevant local laws and regulations. As part of our assessment process, we conduct site visits at selected suppliers and evaluate their financial performance to  determine  the  viability  of  the  supplies  and  assess  any  associated  customer  complaint.  Biannual  evaluation  is performed for selected key suppliers to make sure that the bulk of our supplies remain optimal;
- We  engage  in  ethical  procurement  practices  by  adopting  standard  and  equitable  procedures  in  evaluating  the vendors'  qualifications;
- We ensure that the supplied products are in accordance with the Group's requirements and standards; and
- We conduct an evaluation of suppliers to verify that the required standards are satisfied in the supply chain.

## CUSTOMER

In  line  with  the  Group's  Mission  of  ' Customer Focus ',  we  are  cognizant  of  our  role  as  a  responsible  corporate  entity and we endeavour to identify, manage and deliver sustainable value in our products and services.

## Quality and Reliability

We have established our quality policy to prove our unwavering commitment in fulfilling the stringent requirements of product reliability and quality. In addition to our continuous ISO9001 certification and our adherence to the other global  quality  standards,  we  are  endeavouring  to  maintain  world-class  quality  aluminium  products.

## Technology

The Group stays ahead of the market competition because of our initiatives to invest in new technologies.

Our  factories  are  equipped  with  the  state-of-the-art  machineries  and  equipment  from  Japan,  Italy,  Germany  as  well as  China.  With  technological  advantage on our side, we are able to satisfy the strict requirements and specifications of  our  customers,  as  all  our  products  are  tested  for  quality  assurance  before  delivery  to  customers.

## Customer Engagement

We have established various forms of customer communication channels so that we can work closely and collaboratively with our valued customers to understand their needs and feedbacks. Timely and sustainable solutions will be devised in  order  to  resolve  the  challenges.

## (a) Regular visits

Regular  visits  to  the  customers  enable  us  to  meet  market  demands  and  modify  the  designs  and  technical specifications  to  meet  the  requirements  of  our  global  network  of  customers.

## (b) Monitoring

Quality reports and complaint systems are monitored closely to ensure issues are resolved in the shortest time and that similar  problems  do  not  reoccur.

## (c) Satisfaction Survey

Satisfaction  surveys  are  conducted  and  results  are  used  to  understand  our  customers'  satisfaction  levels  and experiences which give us a deeper understanding of our customers' expectations and define our actions moving forward.

Below are the results of the surveys conducted for past 5 years:

| Customer Satisfaction Survey  Rating Criteria  Scores (out of 100%)  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  Quality  78%  78%  78%  84%  86%  Finishing  79%  78%  78%  85%  86%  Delivery  81%  79%  81%  85%  87%  Price  83%  69%  70%  77%  77%  After  Sales  Service  83%  83%  82%  88%  88%  Technical  Support  80%  77%  79%  86%  85%  Overall  82%  78%  78%  84%  85%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Company's website

Our customers may visit the Company's website at www.lbalum.com to gain information on our company profile, facilities,  products  and  services.  Product  catalogues  are  downloadable  and  our  contact  information  is  provided for  customers  who  wish  to  reach  us.

## (e) Mobile application

By using the Company's mobile application, our customers can access and download information on our products and catalogues anytime and anywhere on their mobile devices, such as smart phones and tablets.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## (B)  ENVIRONMENTAL

The  growth  of  our  Group  is  reflected  not  only  by  economic  factors  alone  but  also  by  our  alignment  with  our stakeholders'  interest  and  the  Company's  Mission  of  ' Care for  the  Environment '.

In  contrast  to  other  metal  industries,  the  aluminium  industry  is  in  a  remarkable  position  to  offer  sustainable  and functional solutions for the society and the economy. Aluminium's elemental nature possesses an inherent and unique recyclability  property.  Once  a  particular  aluminium  product  has  reached  its  end  of  life,  it  can  undergo  an  infinite recycling  process  for  the  benefit  of  future  generations.

Our  production  process  operates  in  a  procedure  designed  to  conserve  resources,  reduce  discharges  and  emissions as well as recycling of waste and production residuals. We identify and strive to minimise our environmental impacts during production by installing environmentally friendly mechanisms, practising active monitoring on waste management and continuously working on conserving resources.

## Environmental Compliance

The environmental regulations that specifically apply to  the  Group  are:-

- Environmental Quality Act 1974;
- Environmental Quality (Clean Air) Regulations 2014;
- Environmental Quality (Industrial  Effluent)  Regulations  2009;  and
- Environmental Quality (Scheduled Wastes) Regulations 2005

We  are  committed  to  operate  in  accordance  with  these  relevant  laws  and  regulations,  so  that  we  can  ensure  that our  operation  procedures  are  of  the  prescribed  standards.

## Waste and Resources Management

In  all  of  our  facilities,  we  apply  the  ' Reduce,  Reuse  and  Recycle  ('3Rs') '  approach  to  achieve  a  more  sustainable factory waste and resources management system. Our aim is to reduce the disposal costs, toxicity and consumption of  natural  resources  and  overall  waste-related  impacts.

## (a) Material Recovery

We strongly believe in fully harnessing the advantages of aluminium scrap recycling. This strategy leads to multiple pronged  rewards:  reduces  waste,  boosts  the  economy  by  supplying  the  demand  for  more  aluminium  products and curtails  further  extraction  of  metals.  These  ultimately  result  in  savings  in  environmental  and  social  costs.

Below is  the  percentage  (%)  of  the  recycled  aluminium  used  in  the  production  for  the  past  5  financial  years:-

| Recycled Aluminium  FY2018  FY2019  FY2020  FY2021  FY2022  % of recycled aluminium  26%  24%  25%  25%  22%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Glove Recycling Project

A  project  that  has  been  fundamental  in  our  journey  towards  consistent  improvement,  particularly  in  terms  of both environmental conservation and cost reduction is our Glove Recycling Project.

Instead of a one-time use, our used gloves for certain operation departments with heavy usage are sent to external party for reconditioning and cleaning. This endeavour is not merely a cost-saving measure but also an environmentally friendly way to reduce our impact to the surroundings. Gloves can be recycled as many times as possible as long as  the  gloves  are  intact.

## (c) Scheduled Wastes

To  reduce  the  quantity  and  toxicity  of  our  scheduled  wastes,  we  have  installed  eco-friendly  systems  such  as Caustic  Recovery  System,  Acid  Recovery  System  and  Sludge  Dryer  while  we  reuse  and  refill  chemical  containers for  liquid  raw  materials  and/or  chemicals.

In  addition,  there  are  established  procedures  for  the  collection  of  recyclable  wastes  which  will  contribute  to environmental  preservation.  The  following  are  the  recyclable  wastes  that  were  collected  and  sold  to  external recycling  companies  during  the  financial  year  under  review:

| Recyclable Waste  Nature of Waste  Quantity  FY2019  FY2020  FY2021  FY2022  Aluminium Hydroxide  907,543 Kg  797,802 Kg  885,100 Kg  650,890 Kg  Aluminium Scrap and Saw Dust  149,798 Kg  70,139 Kg  84,379 Kg  60,496 Kg  Iron  Scrap  74,980 Kg  38,511 Kg  35,430 Kg  26,800 Kg  Broken Mould  64,015 Kg  113,590 Kg  78,010 Kg  32,370 Kg  Paper and Plastic  41,782 Kg  25,614 Kg  44,568 Kg  42,791 Kg   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  non-recyclable  wastes,  we  have  hired  an  external  qualified  waste  management  company to collect  the  nonrecyclable hazardous wastes from our premises for proper disposal in accordance with the industrial standards.

## (d) Water Management

We endeavour to reduce our water consumption and manage our water discharge responsibly, so that the treated water can be returned safely to the water cycle whilst imposing minimum impact on the environment.

## Effluent

We monitor closely the wastewater discharge in terms of quality and actual destination of discharge at our premises. We assess  a  total  of  more  than  30  water  quality  parameters  in  our  wastewater  treatment  plant.  The  analysis  of the samples of wastewater that are discharged from our factories is carried out by an external party at a laboratory certified  by  Department  of  Environment.

Volume of the wastewater treated for the past 5 financial years:

| Treated Wastewater  FY2018  FY2019  FY2020  FY2021  FY2022  Volume (M 3 )  511,890  424,317  353,127  415,426  359,228   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## Energy Management

The key to saving energy in our organisation is energy management. For this reason, our Group is consistently working to  reduce  our  energy  consumption  and  constantly  raising  awareness  amongst  employees  about  ways  to  improve process efficiencies and maximise productivity, strengthen standard operating procedures and implement the use of energy-efficient  equipment.

Below are the details of energy consumption for the past 5 financial years:-

| Energy Consumption  FY2018  FY2019  FY2020  FY2021  FY2022  Diesel  (litres)  98,993  97,723  84,374  93,077  91,337  Natural  Gas  (Sm3)  4,064,897  3,901,824  3,425,980  3,896,246  3,418,306  Electricity  (kWh)  41,433,560  40,359,516  34,859,854  37,663,160  36,844,336   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Solar  Energy

We are constantly exploring the use of renewable energy to reduce production cost as well as to minimise the energyrelated  environmental  damage  caused  by  fossil  fuels.  At  present,  purchased  electricity  and  fuels  (diesel,  natural  gas and liquefied petroleum gas) are our main energy sources. The initiative to transition towards solar energy will reduce our  dependency  on  fossil  fuels  and  at  the  same  time  increase  our  commitment  towards  environmentally  friendly renewable energy sources.

We currently have two solar photovoltaic rooftop projects with a total capacity of 2.2MWp installed at our Beranang factory. We are adding another two solar photovoltaic rooftop projects with an additional capacity of 1.1MWp in the second half of 2022.

Below are the details of electricity saving from our solar photovoltaic rooftop projects for the past 3 financial years:-

| Solar photovoltaic rooftop project  FY2020  FY2021  FY2022  MWh  RM'000  MWh  RM'000  MWh  RM'000  1.0  MWp  964  342  1,332  473  1,328  471  1.2  MWp  -  -  574  204  1,692  601  Total  964  342  1,906  677  3,020  1,072   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental Training

To  instil  more  sustainable  practices  in  our  workplace,  we  have  designed  sustainable  environmental  initiatives.  In addition to daily reminders and internal environmental trainings, we will send our employees to external trainings as and when there are suitable topics in relation to our operations to ensure that we are in line with the current good practices,  regulations  and  existing  standards.

## (C) SOCIAL

## EMPLOYEE

The Group's employees are amongst its most valuable assets and are key drivers of our organisational success.

To  this  end,  we  employ  various  means  of  employee  engagement  in  order  to  build  a  bright  future  and  a  decent working environment for our people.

## Employee Trainings

The Company has made a concerted effort to attract, retain, motivate and develop the best talents that the industry can  offer.  We  have  organised  multiple  comprehensive  training  programmes  that  cover  a  wide  range  of  topics: compulsory product and induction training; management and leadership skills; operation, technical and maintenance skills; sales and marketing; governance and regulatory compliance; and quality and productivity improvement courses.

Each training  category  comprises  a  number  of  sub-categories  that  are  specialised  for  employees  of  different  classes and departments.

The following are the summary of the trainings provided to employees in the year under review:-

| Training Type  Training Subcategories  No. of  Attendees  Number of  Hours  Compulsory Product and  Induction  •  New employee orientation  •  Intra-departmental training  •  Foreign worker induction  41  10  51  4  4  1  Operation, technical  and  maintenance skills  •  Understanding of products and system  •  Basic  understanding of  calibration  41  17  7  7  Governance and Regulatory  Compliance  •  MAESCO seminar for Certified Energy Manager  •  FMM seminar on facilitating seamless import and  export clearance using the right customs facilities  •  Anti-Bribery  and  Corruption  Policy  1  2  122  35  6  4  Quality  and  productivity  improvement courses  •  Measurement uncertainty  •  Root cause and problem solving techniques  18  25  7  14   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leverages technology to digitalise the training  and  development programs for the employees to facilitate greater  participation  and  interaction  in  training.

## Diverse Workforce

The Group welcomes talented employees from different backgrounds as we believe that the skill, expertise and work ethic  of  the  employees  are  the  attributes  that  will  ultimately  determine  their  success  within  the  organisation.

The  Group  upholds  equal  opportunity  and  forbids  harassment  of  any  kind.  Employees  who  are  found  engaging  in activities  of  harassment  or  discrimination  will  be  held  liable  to  strict  disciplinary  action.

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

The number of our employees categorised by gender and age group:-

| Number of Employees  By Age Group  20  -  30  years old  31  -  40  years old  41  years  old  and above  Total  By  Gender  As  at  30  April  2022  Male  256  247  220  723  Female  54  45  36  135  Total  310  292  256  858  As  at  30  April  2021  Male  331  274  231  836  Female  58  43  33  134  Total  389  317  264  970  As  at  30  April  2020  Male  295  234  219  748  Female  53  44  31  128  Total  348  278  250  876  As  at  30  April  2019  Male  317  250  224  791  Female  55  51  33  139  Total  372  301  257  930   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Work Life Balance

Our employees collectively work towards a shared objective and spend a significant amount of time interacting with one another in a professional setting. As such, the Group recognises the importance of nurturing positive employee relationships through team-building activities and social gatherings. We highlight the celebration of major achievements, important milestones and other events that are important to our employees.

During  the  COVID-19  pandemic  in  the  past  two  years,  the  Group  temporarily  stopped  organising  employee  sports and recreational activities. With the country's transition to the endemic phase from 1 April 2022, the Group will resume the employee engagement activities in the second half of 2022 to cultivate stronger relationships among our employees.

## Employee Retention

The  Group  recognises  the  employees'  contributions  and  achievements  in  accomplishing  the  Company's  goals  by rewarding  bonuses  and  incentives  to  maintain  a  high  performance  work  force.  We  established  Long  Service  Award in  recognition  of  our  employees'  loyalty,  dedication  and  commitment  towards  the  Company.  Meanwhile,  we  also provide medical benefits, hospitalisation and personal accident insurance coverage as well as educational support for the  children  of  employees  in  need.

We are pleased that since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has not laid off any employee.

## Safety and Health

Safety  and  Health  is  embedded  in  our  Mission  of  ' We provide safe work environment '  and  is  ranked  high  amongst our  materiality  theme.  The  Group's  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  Committee  ('OSHC')  is  headed  by  the  CEO  and consists of Management and employee representatives from different functional groups. The OSHC is responsible for the group-wide continuous improvement, enforcement and promotion of the internal and external workplace safety, health  and  welfare  in  our  operations.

The following is  the  structure  of  the  OSHC:-

<!-- image -->

| OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH COMMITTEE  Anodising  Management Representatives  from:-  Anodising  Employee Representatives from:-  Despatch  Despatch  Die Maintenance  Die Maintenance  Die Shop  Die Shop  Extrusion  Extrusion  Maintenance  Maintenance  Packing  Packing  Painting  Painting  Quality Control  Quality Control  Security  Office  Chief Executive Officer  Safety and Health Officer  Senior Operation Manager   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Personal protective equipment including ear plugs, helmets, safety shoes, eye goggles, mask and gloves are provided to relevant employees to prevent the consequences of serious injuries. Employees are required to wear the protective equipment at all times during work hours to minimise the effects of workplace hazards.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

## Safety and Health Trainings

Our  internal  and  external  safety  and  health  programmes  are  structured  by  our  OSHC  and  prioritised  based  on  the requirements  of  specific  operation  sites  and  work  areas.  The  orientation  and  job  trainings  on  safety  and  health education aim to instil proper knowledge as well as to eliminate unsafe working habits and attitude that may result in  possible  accidents  in  the  workplace.

The following are the safety and health programmes conducted in the year:-

| Topics  Objectives  Participants  Training  Hours  Use of Fire  Extinguisher  To teach employees how to use a fire  extinguisher  All  employees  1  Safety  on  Making  Wooden Pallets  To create awareness among employees  on  the  appropriate  ways  to  make,  manage and use of pallets in production  area  Production workers  1  Safety  on  Handling  Overhead Crane  To impart the safe operating procedure,  awareness  and  understanding  of  potential hazards and accidents in crane  operation  Crane operator;  Assistant  supervisor;  and  Production supervisors  1  Safety  on  Handling  Cutting  Machine  To impart the safe operating procedure  awareness  and  understanding  of  potential  hazards  and  accidents  in  operating of cutting  machine  Production workers  1  Safety  on  Handling  Air  Nailer  Machine  To educate the employees on using air  nailer machine by following the safety  procedures  Production workers  1  Safety  on  Handling  Chemical  To  educate  the  workers  in  using,  handling and storing chemicals  Production workers  1  Safety  at  Workplace  To  cultivate  safety  awareness  among  the production workers while performing  their  tasks.  To  achieve  zero  accident  while meeting productivity and efficiency  Production workers  1  Forklift  Safety  To  show  the  safe  operation  of  an  industrial  forklift  Forklift  driver;  Assistant  Supervisor;  and  Production supervisors  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COVID-19 Endemic Safety Measures

We  closely  monitor  the  development  of  the  COVID-19  cases  in  the  country  and  continue  to  adhere  to  preventive measures to prevent the spreading of the disease in the community.

## COMMUNITY

The  Group  takes  great  care  to  prevent  any  adverse  EES  impact  in  the  communities  that  we  operate  in.  We  pride ourselves on being a responsible corporate entity and we strictly adhere to all laws and regulations put forth within the  district  of  operations.

Moreover, the Group recognises the co-relationship between business growth and community well-being and welfare. Therefore, to fulfil our corporate responsibility to the community, we express our commitment to improve community sustainability by organising various activities that are aimed towards promoting community engagement and addressing the  needs  of  less-fortunate  and  underprivileged  families.

The initiatives  taken  by  the  Group  include:

- Monetary donations to schools, charity, welfare and voluntary associations;
- Welfare visits  and  contributions  to  charitable  organisations;
- Distribution  of  gifts  to  neighbouring  communities  and  the  needy  during  festivals;  and
- Encouragement of our employees to participate in voluntary works for charitable events.

For the financial year under review, the Group visited Pertubuhan Kebajikan Kajang in November 2021 and donated household  items  to  benefit  the  elderly  and  disabled  in  need.  The  Group  also  provided  educational  support  to  the children  of  selected  workers  in  December  2021  by  providing  cash  vouchers  to  purchase  school  supplies.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

## COMPOSITION

| Toh Khiam Huat (Chairman)  Neoh Lay Keong  Dato' Dr Mohd Husni Bin Ahmad  Independent Non-Executive Director  Senior  Independent Non-Executive  Director  Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TERMS OF REFERENCE

The  Terms  of  Reference  for  the  Audit  Committee  can  be  viewed  at  the  Company's  website  at www.lbalum.com .  The Board had reviewed and approved the Terms of Reference on 29 March 2022.

## ATTENDANCE

During the financial  year  ended  30  April  2022,  four  (4)  Audit  Committee's  meetings  were  held.  The  details  of  attendance of  each  member at the Audit Committee meetings held during financial year 2022 are as follows:-

| Name of Audit Committee Members  Number of Audit  Committee Meeting Attended  Toh Khiam Huat  4/4  Neoh Lay Keong  4/4  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  3/4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUMMARY OF WORK CONDUCTED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR

The activities  conducted  were  in  accordance  with  the  Terms  of  Reference  of  the  Committee,  included  the  following:

- (i) reviewed  the  External  Auditors'  engagement  letter,  the  scope  of  work,  and  the  audit  plan  for  the  financial  year. Representatives from the External Auditors presented the audit plan to the Audit Committee before the commencement of  the  audit;
- (ii) reviewed the Group's accounting system and internal control system with the External Auditors;
- (iii) reviewed the Audit Completion Report issued by the External Auditors that covered the audit opinion and key audit matters for  the  current  financial  year;
- (iv) reviewed the Transparency Report issued by the External Auditors that provides relevant information on the design, implementation and operation of the External Auditors' system of quality control;
- (v) reviewed the cooperation and support given by the management to the Internal Auditors and External Auditors;
- (vi) reviewed the scope, audit plan, and audit reports of the Internal Auditors for the financial year;
- (vii)  reviewed the quarterly and annual financial statements of the Company and the Group before recommending to the Board for its  approval;
- (viii) reviewed  the  related  party  transactions  and  any  conflict  of  interest  that  may  arise  within  the  Group;
- (ix) reviewed the performance and assessed the suitability, objectivity, and independence of the External Auditors before recommending to the Board the re-appointment of the External Auditors and their audit fees;
- (x) reviewed the annual Audit Committee Report for inclusion in the Company's Annual Report;
- (xi) reviewed  the  business  procedures  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  relevant  law  and  regulations  as  well  as  good corporate governance;

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT (CONT'D)

## SUMMARY OF WORK CONDUCTED DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR (CONT'D)

The activities conducted were in accordance with the Terms of Reference of the Committee, included the following: (cont'd)

- (xi) reviewed the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control prior to the endorsement by the Board for inclusion in  the  Company's  Annual  Report;
- (xii)  reviewed the Risk Management Policy and the Risk Management Committee's reports; and
- (xiii) had  private  session  between  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  External  Auditors  without  the  presence  of  Management and Company Secretary.

All the requirements under the Terms of Reference were complied with, and the Audit Committee did not see any matters in  breach  of  the  MMLR  that  warrant  reporting  to  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad.

## INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION

The  internal  audit  function  is  independent  and  has  no  involvement  in  the  operations  of  the  Group.  It  was  set  up  within the Company to assist and report directly to the Audit Committee in providing assurances that the internal control system of  the  Group  is  effective  and  adequate.

For the financial year under review, audits were performed to evaluate and identify any weaknesses of the internal controls affecting  the  Group,  the  adequacy  of  the  existing  system  of  internal  controls  and  to  recommend  measures  to  the Management to improve and rectify any weaknesses. The Management is responsible for ensuring corrective actions on reported weaknesses are taken within the required time frame.

For the financial year ended 30 April 2022 the audit reviews covered the following key risk areas, in accordance with the approved audit plan:-

- (a) Manufacturing Division
- Planning
- Extrusion
- Anodising
- Powder Coating
- Quality  Control
- Die  and  Moulding
- Despatch

The costs incurred for the internal  audit  functions  in  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  was  RM182,669.

- (b) Trading Division
- Sales  and  Marketing
- Warehouse
- (c) Branches
- Melaka
- Sabah
- (d) Subsidiaries
- ALBE Marketing Sdn Bhd
- Facade Performance Lab Sdn Bhd

<!-- image -->

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

On  behalf  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  I  am  pleased  to  present  the  Annual  Report  and Financial  Statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ended 30  April  2022.

## OVERVIEW

The financial year 2022 started off with the Covid-19 pandemic continuing unabated with widespread effects on both the domestic and global economy. As the number of Covid-19 cases rose unrelentingly in Malaysia in the first half of the year, the Malaysian Government imposed a nationwide total lockdown. Our Company's operations were understandably affected as we complied with the Government's directives. Fortunately, the successful rollout of the vaccination program in Malaysia in  the  latter  half  of  the  year  resulted  in  the  gradual  roll  back  of  containment  measures  and  we  were  able  to  resume normal  operations.  As  the  safety  and  health  of  our  employees  remains  our  top  priority,  we  strongly  encouraged  all  our employees  to  get  vaccinated  and  by  the  end  of  2021,  all  our  employees  were  fully  vaccinated.  We  urged  all  employees to  get  their  booster  shots  as  well.  During  this  period,  we  adhered  strictly  to  Covid-19  safety  protocols  recommended  by the  Malaysian  health  authority  and  performed  Covid-19  tests  for  all  employees  on  a  regular  basis.

As a result of lockdown measures introduced by the Government, Malaysia's GDP contracted by 4.5% in the third quarter of 2021. However, the country's GDP returned to positive territory with 3.6% growth in the fourth quarter of 2021 following the  successful  implementation  of  the  country-wide  vaccination  program  and  the  subsequent  easing  of  Covid  related restrictions.  Malaysia's  GDP  continued  to  improve  with  5.0%  growth  in  the  first  quarter  of  2022.

Despite this difficult and uncertain period, the Group's management remained positive and introduced pre-emptive measures and  minimized  the  adverse  impact  of  the  pandemic  and  lockdowns.  These  include  prudent  management  of  our  cashflow and  financing  requirements  as  well  as  our  inventories  and  receivables.  Other  measures  include  improving  our  production processes and maintaining a highly effective workforce while ensuring that our margins are protected. Our profitability started to increase in the second quarter of the financial year 2022, in line with the recovery of the Malaysian and global economy.

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

I  am  proud  to  report  that  despite  the  difficult  and  disruptive  business  environment,  the  Group's  revenue  for  the  year under review increased by 30.2% to RM686.6 million. The consolidated profit before tax stood at RM51.4 million, a 4.8% improvement  over  the  previous  year  while  profit  after  tax  was  RM38.5  million.  The  Group's  results  are  detailed  in  the Management Discussion and Analysis section.

Earnings per share for FY2022 was 9.59 sen (FY2021: 9.48 sen) based on the total number of issued shares of 434,850,699. As  of  30  April  2022,  the  Group's  net  assets  per  share  was  RM0.83  (FY2021:  RM0.76)  while  shareholders'  funds  stood  at RM362.9 million (FY2021: RM331.8 million).

## CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT

On  16  July  2021,  the  Company  announced  a  proposed  bonus  issue  of  up  to  186,364,750  new  ordinary  shares  ('Bonus Shares') on the basis of three (3) Bonus Shares for every four (4) existing ordinary shares held in the Company ('Proposed Bonus  Issue').  The  Proposed  Bonus  Issue  was  approved  by  the  Company's  shareholders  at  the  Extraordinary  General Meeting  held  on  12  August  2021.  The  Proposed  Bonus  Issue  was  completed  on  30  August  2021  with  the  listing  of  the Bonus Shares on Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.

## SUSTAINABILITY

The Company understands the importance of Environmental, Social and Governance ('ESG') practices for the Group and its  stakeholders.  We  are  committed  to  ensuring  that  ESG  considerations  are  part  of  our  business  decisions  and  daily operations.  Today,  purchased  electricity  and  fuels  (diesel,  natural  gas  and  liquefied  petroleum  gas)  are  our  main  energy sources. We have taken the initiative to transition towards solar energy which will reduce our dependency on fossil fuels and  simultaneously  drive  our  commitment  towards  more  environmentally  friendly  energy  sources.  During  the  financial year,  we  have  commissioned  another  solar  photovoltaic  rooftop  project  with  capacity  of  1.0  MWp.  Together  with  our existing  solar  photovoltaic  projects,  we  now  have  a  total  capacity  of  3.2  MWp.

## DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors is pleased to recommend a first and final single-tier dividend of 2.5 sen (2021: 2.5 sen) per ordinary share  based  on  the  total  number  of  issued  shares  of  434,850,699  amounting  to  RM10,871,267  (2021:  RM10,871,267)  in respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  which  is  subject  to  approval  of  the  shareholders  at  the  forthcoming annual general meeting.

## OUTLOOK

According to The World Bank, global growth is expected to slump from 5.7% in 2021 to 2.9% in 2022, significantly lower than the 4.1% anticipated in early 2022. In its June 2022's Global Economic Prospects report, the damage from the Covid-19 pandemic  compounded  by  the  Russian  invasion  of  Ukraine  could  see  the  global  economy  enter  a  protracted  period  of feeble growth and high inflation. However, on the home front, Malaysia's GDP growth for 2022 is forecasted to be between 5.3% and 6.3% as the country's macroeconomic outlook is expected to improve further from the second quarter onwards. The  relaxation  of  containment  measures  and  reopening  of  international  borders  should  support  a  continued  pick-up  in domestic economic activities.  Increased  exports  will  be  another  driving  factor  for  growth  this  year.

Despite  the  ongoing  geopolitical  and  economic  uncertainties,  particularly  inflationary  concerns  and  rising  interest  rates, I  would  like  to  proceed  with  cautious  optimism  given  the  strength  of  the  Malaysian  economy.  We  will  continue  to  adapt and refine our strategies moving forward including focusing on expanding our export business, diversifying our customer base and managing vigilantly the volatile raw material prices. We will be prudent in managing our balance sheets to ensure we have adequate funds to meet our financial obligations as and when they come due and to maintain a healthy capital base for  future  expansion  projects.

Barring  unforeseen circumstances, your Board is optimistic that the Group will be profitable in the forthcoming year.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  share  our  heartfelt  appreciation  to  all  of  our  employees  for  their  patience,  hard work,  commitment and loyalty  that  they  continue  to  show,  which  sets  the  Group  up  for  another  year  of  stellar  financial performance  in  spite  of  the  challenging  operating  environment.  Our  thanks  are  also  extended  to  our  shareholders, customers,  suppliers,  bankers,  government  agencies  and  others  whose  unwavering  support  are  vital  to  the  continued success of the Group and helps us remain the largest supplier of aluminium extrusion in Malaysia. Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their  invaluable  and  forthright  inputs  and  contributions  throughout  the  financial  year.

## TAN SRI DATUK LEOW CHONG HOWA

Executive  Chairman

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

This  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis  ('MD&amp;A')  aims  to  enable  shareholders,  investors,  and  other  stakeholders  to view and understand the Group's performance, financial condition, risk exposure, and prospects from the Management's point  of  view.

The MD&amp;A is to complement the financial statements by providing additional material non-financial information not included in  the  financial  statements,  to  facilitate  better  comprehension  and  a  deeper  understanding  by  the  stakeholders.

## GROUP STRUCTURE AND BUSINESS SEGMENTS

The Group structure as at 30 April 2022 is as follows:-

<!-- image -->

The  Group  has  categorised  its  business  operations  into  two  segments,  namely  the  Aluminium  Segment  and  Property Segment.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## GROUP STRUCTURE AND BUSINESS SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

## Aluminium Segment

The  Aluminium  Segment  represents  the  Group's  core  business  which  includes  manufacturing,  marketing  and  trading  of aluminium and other metal products as well as ancillary businesses of property holding, providing performance tests for windows, doors and facades, providing metal stamping and other engineering works.

The  detailed  information  of  the  Aluminium  Segment  is  stated  in  the  Corporate  Profile  of  this  Annual  Report  on  pages  2 and 3.

## Property Segment

The Group diversified into property development in March 2018.

In  June  2018,  Vistarena  Development  Sdn  Bhd  ('Vistarena'),  the  20%  associate  of  the  Company,  launched  a  residential project with a gross development value ('GDV') of RM468.0 million namely the Platinum OUG Residence located at Kampung Muhibah, Kuala Lumpur. The project is 99.9% sold, and Vistarena expects to deliver vacant possession to the house buyers by  the  third  quarter  of  2022.

In  May  2022,  Pembinaan  Serta  Hebat  Sdn  Bhd  ('PSH'),  a  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  launched  the  Satu  Anggota  Satu Rumah  ('SASaR')  residential  project  at  Bandar  Tasik  Selatan.  The  SASaR  project  comprises  3,500  residential  units  to  be developed  for  the  Malaysian  armed  forces,  with  a  GDV  of  RM633.8  million.  As  of  30  June  2022,  the  accumulated  sales and development progress of the SASaR project were 18% and 10%, respectively.

Meanwhile, Contras Build Sdn Bhd, another subsidiary of the Company, is in the latter stage of planning for its residential project  at  Bandar  Sri  Permaisuri,  Kuala  Lumpur.

## OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS

At the beginning of the Financial Year 2022, the Group's operations were adversely affected by the Movement Control Order 3.0  imposed  by  the  Malaysian  government  in  May  2021,  followed  by  a  nationwide  total  lockdown  and  the  introduction  of the  four-phase  National  Recovery  Plan  ('NRP')  in  June  2021  to  curb  the  rising  COVID-19  cases.  The  Group  resumed  full operations in September 2021, while the movement restrictions in Malaysia ended in January 2022 after Sarawak and Kelantan moved to Phase 4 of the NRP.

The  domestic  and  global  economies  were  in  the  post-pandemic  recovery  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  2022,  in  tandem with the easing of containment measures that boosted economic activities. However, the recovery momentum slowed in late February 2022 after Russia initiated military operations against Ukraine. The war exacerbated the global supply chain disruptions,  energy  crisis,  and  food  shortage.  Most  global  commodities,  including  aluminium,  have  seen  their  prices  soar to  historical  highs  in  March  and  April  2022  due  to  the  sharp  decrease  in  export  from  Russia  and Ukraine amid sanctions imposed on Russia and export blockage.

Despite all the headwinds, the Group managed to overcome the difficult operating environment and uncertainties to report a  historical  high  revenue  and  profit  before  taxation  ('PBT')  of  RM686.6  million  and  RM51.4  million,  respectively,  for  the Financial  Year  2022.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## REVIEW OF GROUP'S FINANCIAL RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS

The following table  is  the  financial  highlights  of  the  Group  for  the  past  five  (5)  financial  years:-

| Financial  Year  Ended  30  April  ('FY')  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Revenue  RM'000  686,616  527,175  457,185  532,874  509,790  EBITDA  RM'000  72,168  70,015  27,173  33,911  30,455  Profit  Before  Taxation  RM'000  51,368  49,017  6,690  15,473  7,634  Profit  After  Taxation  RM'000  38,538  40,561  2,518  12,158  6,097  PATAMI  RM'000  41,722  41,209  3,844  12,169  6,097  Total  Assets  RM'000  845,563  667,840  584,739  509,880  503,258  Total  Liabilities  RM'000  483,453  335,321  290,555  215,975  209,337  Total  Shareholders'  Equity  RM'000  362,853  331,838  293,452  293,403  293,921  Net Gearing Ratio  Times  0.56  0.38  0.41  0.35  0.30  Earnings Per Share  Sen  9.59  9.48  0.88*  2.80*  1.40*  Net Asset Per Share  RM  0.83  0.76  0.67*  0.67*  0.67*   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  The comparative figures are restated assuming the Bonus Issue completed on 30 August 2021 has taken place as at earliest date presented.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

PROFIT AFTER TAXATION (RM'000)

<!-- image -->

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## REVIEW OF GROUP'S FINANCIAL RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS (CONT'D)

The following table  is  the  breakdown  of  the  Group's  performance  for  FY2022  and  FY2021  by  business  segments:-

| FY2022  FY2021  Aluminium  RM'000  Property  RM'000  Group  RM'000  Aluminium  RM'000  Property  RM'000  Group  RM'000  Revenue  686,616  -  686,616  527,175  -  527,175  Profit/(Loss)  Before  Taxation  52,167  (799)  51,368  39,254  9,763  49,017  Profit/(Loss)  After  Taxation  39,337  (799)  38,538  30,798  9,763  40,561  Total  Assets  605,543  240,020  845,563  553,751  114,089  667,840  Total  Liabilities  330,188  153,265  483,453  253,300  82,021  335,321   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Revenue

The Group's revenue increased by RM159.4 million or 30% to RM686.6 million in the current financial year due mainly to  higher  average  aluminum  selling  prices.  The  Group's  export  sales  contributed  approximately  40%  to  the  total revenue  of  FY2022  compared  to  35%  in  the  previous  year.  The  top  three  major  export  markets  of  the  Group  are North America, ASEAN countries, and the Oceania region.

<!-- image -->

The Aluminium Segment was the sole revenue contributor for FY2022, as the Property Segment will start to contribute to  the  Group's  top  line  in  the  following  financial  year  after  the  launch  of  the  SASaR  project  by  PSH  in  May  2022.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## REVIEW OF GROUP'S FINANCIAL RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS (CONT'D)

## (b) Profit  before  taxation  ('PBT')

The  Group's  profit  before  taxation  increased  by  RM2.4  million  or  5%  to  RM51.4  million  (FY2021:  RM49.0  million)  in the  current  financial  year  due  mainly  to  higher  contribution  from  the  Aluminium  Segment.

## Aluminium Segment

The  Aluminium  Segment's  PBT  for  the  current  financial  year  increased  by  RM12.9  million  or  33%  to  RM52.2  million (FY2021:  RM39.3  million)  due  mainly  to  higher  revenue  and  better  profit  margins  as  well  as  a  gain  on  disposal  of freehold  land  and  factory  buildings  of  RM4.20  million.

## Property Segment

The Property Segment recorded a loss of RM799,000 (FY2021: PBT of RM9.8 million) due mainly to lower contribution from  the  associate  and  higher  preliminary  expenses  incurred  by  the  property  subsidiaries.  The  Group's  associate, Vistarena,  contributed  a  PBT  of  RM5.0  million  (FY2021:  RM11.0  million)  during  the  financial  year  amid  lower  work progress as the project's construction is approaching completion. PSH and Contras Build did not commence operations during the financial year and had incurred preliminary expenses of RM5.8 million (FY2021: RM1.2 million). The higher preliminary  expenses were related to preparing the SASaR launching by PSH in May 2022.

## (c) Taxation

The Group's effective tax rate for  the  financial  year  under  review  was  higher  than  the  statutory  tax  rate  due  mainly to  the  non-deductibility  of  provisions  incurred.

## (d) Profit  after  taxation

The Group reported profit after taxation of RM38.5 million (FY2021: RM40.6 million) in the current financial year.

## (e) Financial position

## Total  Assets

At  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  the  Group's  total  assets  increased  by  RM177.8  million  or  27%  to  RM845.6  million (FY2021:  RM667.8  million)  due  mainly  to  the  increase  in  inventories.  The  Aluminium  Segment's  closing  inventories increased by RM69.3 million or 60% to RM184.3 million (FY2021: RM115.0 million), due to higher aluminium prices and increased raw material quantity. Meanwhile, the Property Segment's inventories in the form of property development expenditure increased by RM133.2 million or 186% to RM204.9 million (FY2021: RM71.7 million), due mainly to higher costs  incurred  by  PSH  on  the  SASaR  project.

On 30 December 2021, the Group completed the disposal of its investment property, the freehold land and factory buildings  located  at  Subang  Jaya,  and  recorded  a  gain  on  disposal  of  RM4.20  million.

The Group's cash position, including short-term funds, fixed deposits, and cash and bank balances, was RM58.6 million (FY2021:  RM64.3 million)  as  at  30  April  2022.

## Total  Liabilities

As  at  30  April  2022,  the  Group's  total  liabilities  increased  by  RM148.2  million  or  44%  to  RM483.5  million  (FY2021: RM335.3  million),  due  mainly  to  the  increase  in  Aluminium  Segment's  borrowings  and  Property  Segment's  trade payables.  The  Aluminium  Segment's  borrowings  increased  by  RM65.7  million  or  44%  to  RM214.8  million  (FY2021: RM149.1 million), due mainly to higher utilisation of bankers' acceptances amid the rise of the global aluminium prices in  March and April 2022. Meanwhile, the Property Segment's trade payables increased by RM39.0 million or 736% to RM44.3 million  (FY2021:  RM5.3  million),  due  mainly  to  a  balance  of  development  charge  payable  by  PSH  of  RM32.7 million.

The  Group's  advances  from  minority  shareholders  increased  by  RM21.3  million  or  78%  to  RM48.7  million  (FY2021: RM27.4 million) due to higher advances made to PSH during the financial year.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## REVIEW OF GROUP'S FINANCIAL RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITIONS (CONT'D)

## (e) Financial position (cont'd)

## Gearing

The Group's gearing ratio increased to 0.56 times as at 30 April 2022 (30 April 2021: 0.38 times) in tandem with the increase in the borrowings amid the rise of the global aluminium prices in the first half of 2022. The Group expects the  gearing  ratio  to  decrease  in  the  second  half  of  2022  following  the  drop  in  the  global  aluminium  prices.

The Group's capital management strategy focuses on maintaining a low and healthy gearing ratio while creating and maximising  shareholders'  value.  By  having  a  healthy  gearing  ratio,  the  Group  will  place  itself  in  a  better  position  to capture new business opportunities and withstand any economic adversities.

## CAPITAL EXPENDITURE ('CAPEX')

The  Group's  estimated  total  CAPEX  for  the  financial  year  ending  30  April  2023  ('FY2023')  is  RM12.0  million,  of  which  its breakdown is shown below:

| Asset Group  Main Usage  Amount  (RM'000)  Plant  and  machinery  General upgrading works  9,191  Office  equipment  Upgrade of ERP system and IT hardware  2,189  Other  650  Total  CAPEX for FY2023  12,030   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group expects the upgrade of its Enterprise Resource Planning ('ERP') system to be completed in the fourth quarter of  FY2023.  Meanwhile,  the  Group  has  commissioned  its  third  solar  photovoltaic  rooftop  project  with  1.0  MWp  capacity during the financial year and will continue to look for potential investments in solar energy to reduce its reliance on fossil fuels.

## ANTICIPATED BUSINESS RISKS

The  Group  is  exposed  to  several  business  risks  such  as  market  competition,  fluctuations  of  global  aluminium  prices, volatility  in  currency  exchange  rates,  political  and  economic  instability,  execution  risk  for  property  development  projects, weak sentiments for the property market, and labour shortage.

## (a) Market competition

Today, aluminium is widely used in modern industries as diverse as transport, construction, consumer goods, packaging, electrical  engineering,  and  renewable  energy  due  to  its  lightweight,  excellent  conductor  of  electricity,  corrosion resistance, durability, and indefinite recyclability. The use of aluminium is expected to rise further in the coming years as  the  world  strives  to  achieve  the  target  of  net  zero  carbon  emissions  by  2050  to  keep  the  increase  in  global temperature to below 2 degree Celsius under the Paris Agreement.

In  dealing  with  market  competition,  the  Group  has  adopted  a  proactive  approach  by  continuously  upgrading  its facilities  and  skills,  improving  production  efficiencies,  ensuring  on-time  delivery  of  quality  products,  and  providing satisfactory  services  to  our  ever-discerning  customers.

<!-- image -->

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

## ANTICIPATED BUSINESS RISKS (CONT'D)

## (b) Fluctuations of global aluminium prices

The  Group's  primary  raw  material  is  the  aluminium  billet.  As  aluminium  is  one  of  the  major  commodities  traded around the globe, the prices of aluminium billets are susceptible to disruptions in the supply chain, changes in global economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, and other external factors.  When  the  price  of  the  aluminium  billets  fluctuates,  the  Group's  profit  margins  will  be  affected  accordingly.

The  Group  closely  monitors  the  aluminum's  price  movements  and  will  adjust  the  selling  prices  whenever  necessary to  protect  our  margins  and  competitive  edge.  In  addition,  our  aluminium  billet  inventories  are  earmarked  for  the existing  orders  in  hand  and  we  will  hedge  forward  the  aluminium  prices  for  large  orders  with  long  delivery  periods.

## (c) Volatility  in  currency  exchange  rates

The Group is subject to foreign currency risk as all our aluminium billet imports and most export sales are denominated in USD. When the MYR fluctuates against the USD, the price of imported aluminium and the revenue generated from export sales  will  fluctuate  and  impact  our  profit  margins.

Under normal circumstances,  the  Group  has  a  natural  hedge  on  the  collections  in  USD  from  the  export  sales  against the payments in USD for the imported aluminium billets. Nonetheless, the Group will also adjust its selling prices on a timely  basis  if  our  profit  margins  are  affected  by  any  prolonged  weakening  of  MYR  against  the  USD  and  vice  versa.

To further reduce the foreign currency risk exposure, the Group also practices foreign currency hedging of significant payment for raw materials in USD as and when we see fit.

## (d) Political  and  economic  instability

The Group operates mainly in Malaysia, with approximately 60% of its revenue derived from domestic sales for the current financial year. The performance of the Group is significantly dependent upon the stability of the local political climate  and  the  solidity  of  the  Malaysian  economy.

The Group is following closely the development of the local political and economic conditions to detect any potential downside risk and to take preventive measures to mitigate the impact of such risks.

## (e) Execution risk for property development projects

The Group's property development business comprises investments in associate and non-wholly owned subsidiaries. The  delay  in  completing  any  property  development  project  will  result  in  liquidated  ascertained  damages  payable  to the  house  buyers  and  cost  overrun,  adversely  affecting  the  Group's  reputation,  profits,  and  cash  flows.

The  Group  works  closely  with  its  business  partners  to  operate  and  manage  the  property  development  projects  to ensure on-time completion. The business partners have a proven track record in the Malaysian property development industry  for  many  years.

## (f) Weak sentiments for the property market

The rising inflations, interest rate hikes by the Malaysian central bank, and uncertainties over business recovery have disrupted the recovery momentum of the domestic property market post-pandemic. The slow recovery of the property market  is  evidenced  by  the  high  residential  property  overhang  at  the  end  of  the  first  quarter  of  2022.  In  addition, developers of new projects are facing challenges to deal with labour crunch, volatility of building material costs, and the  uncertainty  of  a  resurgence  of  COVID-19  cases.

The  Group  works  closely  with  its  business  partners  on  the  viability  of  future  projects,  including  the  property  types, pricing,  and  the  timing  of  the  new  launching.  As  the  Group's  land  banks  earmarked  for  property  development  are located  at  strategic  locations  in  Kuala  Lumpur,  the  Group  is  optimistic  that  with  the  proper  planning  and  correct strategy  execution,  the  future  launches  should  achieve  a  satisfactory  take-up  rate.

## ANTICIPATED BUSINESS RISKS (CONT'D)

## (g) Labour shortage

Like many other labour-intensive industries in Malaysia, the manufacturing industry heavily depends on migrant workers for its business operations. In the last two years of the COVID-19 pandemic in the country, most domestic manufacturers experienced a decrease in production output due to a shortage of workers.

The Group's labour shortage situation is manageable. Our application of new migrant workers is in the process, with new workers expected to arrive in stages starting from the third quarter of 2022. Nonetheless, the Group will continue to improve the operational processes to increase productivity. In addition, with the ERP system upgrade to be completed in  early  2023,  the  Group  expects  to  reduce  the  number  of  workers  on  the  production  floor  gradually.

## OUTLOOK

The Malaysian economy expects to continue its recovery momentum in the second half of 2022, backed by a solid economic activities performance, improved labour market conditions, and the easing of containment measures after the country has entered  the  transition  to  the  COVID-19  endemic  phase.  The  Bank  Negara  Malaysia  and  the  World  Bank  have  projected Malaysian GDP growth in 2022 of between 5.3% to 6.3% and 5.5%, respectively. Headwinds and challenges ahead include spillovers  from  the  prolonged  military  conflict  in  Ukraine,  the  high  inflation  and  rising  recession  fears  across  the  globe and the renewed outbreaks of COVID-19 in China.

## Aluminium Segment

During  the  FY2022,  the  Group's  Aluminium  Segment  overcame  the  business  challenges  and  operational  disruptions  to achieve its highest revenue and profits since incorporation. The Aluminium Segment's performance was against the backdrop of  the  post-pandemic  economic  recovery  in  the  global  and  domestic  markets  and  the  sustained  demand  for  aluminium products.  During  the  financial  year,  the  Group  also  adjusted  its  selling  prices  to  mitigate  the  impact  of  the  commodity price  fluctuations  caused  by  the  global  supply  chain  chaos  and  the  spillover  effects  of  the  war  in  Ukraine.

Moving forward, we will continue to uphold the COVID-19 preventive measures in our factories to protect our employees from  any  resurgence  of  the  cases  within  our  communities.  To  date,  90%  of  our  employees  have  completed  their  first vaccine  booster  shot.  We  encourage  the  remaining  employees  to  have  their  booster  dose  as  soon  as  possible  amid  the emergence of any new COVID-19 variant.

As the world is facing a looming global recession, we will keep a close eye on our financial position and manage our cash flow  effectively  to  remain  sustainable.  We  endeavor  to  fulfill  the  obligations  toward  our  suppliers  and  bankers  by  paying them  according  to  the  agreed  credit  terms.  At  the  same  time,  we  communicate  with  our  customers  regularly  to  ensure they  settle  the  debts  owing  to  us  while  we  continue  to  support  them  in  their  business  needs.

## Property Segment

The Malaysian property segment is on the right track to recovery as the country moves into the transition of the endemic phase starting from 1 April 2022, with border reopening and easing of restrictions. In addition, the Malaysian government launched  the  Keluarga  Malaysia  Home  Ownership  Initiative  ('i-Miliki')  on  15  July  2022.  The  i-Miliki  offers  a  100%  stamp duty exemption incentive for first-time homebuyers for a residential property priced not exceeding RM500,000 and a 50% stamp  duty  exemption  incentive  for  a  residential  property  priced  between  RM500,001  to  RM1.0  million.  The  stamp  duty exemption will apply to sales and purchase agreements executed from 1 June 2022 to 31 December 2023.

The  Group  expects  a  positive  contribution  from  the  Property  Segment  in  the  next  financial  year  following  the  launch  of SASaR project by PSH in May 2022. As the selling prices of the SASaR units are below RM500,000, first-time homebuyers are  entitled  to  the  100%  stamp  duty  exemption  under  the  i-Miliki  program  from  1  June  2022  to  31  December  2023. Meanwhile, the Group's associate, Vistarena, expects to complete the Platinum OUG Residence project in the third quarter of  2022.

## Overall

While  the  Management  remains  nimble  amid  the  global  economic  uncertainty  and  recession  fears,  we  are  cautiously optimistic, barring unforeseen circumstances, that LB Aluminium Berhad will have a promising prospect for the forthcoming financial  year  and  the  Group  shall  remain  profitable.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## BRANCH NETWORK

## BRANCHES IN MALAYSIA

## Head Office

Lot  11,  Jalan  Perusahaan  1,  Kawasan  Perusahaan  Beranang,  43700  Beranang,  Semenyih,  Selangor  Darul  Ehsan

Tel

:  03-8725  8822  (General)

03-8725 8833 (Sales)

Fax

:  03-8725  8828  (General)

03-8725 8826 (Sales)

03-8725 8886 (Sales)

03-8725 8866 (Export)

Email

:  enquiry@lbalum.com.my

Website : www.lbalum.com

## Johor Bahru

14  &amp;  18,  Lot  PLO  206

Jalan  Angkasa  Mas  5

Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau II

81100 Johor Bahru

Johor  Darul  Takzim

Tel

:  07-355  0546

Fax

:  07-355  0549

## Penang

Lot  241  (PT  1075)

Tingkat  Perusahaan 6

Kawasan Perusahaan Perai 13600 Perai

Pulau Pinang

Tel

:  04-397  6998

04-397 6995

Fax

:  04-397  6997

## Kuantan

No.  4,  Jalan  IM  3/6

Kawasan Perindustrian Bandar Indera Mahkota 25200 Kuantan

Pahang Darul Makmur

Tel

:  09-573  6666

Fax

:  09-573  3322

## Kota Kinabalu

Lot  7,  Lorong  Mangga-3  SEDCO  Industrial  Estate 5  ½  Miles  (Off  Jalan  Kolombong)

88450 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah

Tel

:  088-436  421

088-436 422

Fax

:  088-436  423

## Klang Valley

Block  3-1-17,  Jalan  Nagasari  A  36/A

Pusat Dagangan Latania

Desa Latania, Seksyen 36

40470 Shah Alam

Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-5166  2239

03-5166 5078

03-5166 5079

Fax

:  03-5166  3829

## Melaka

Lot  90,  Jalan  IKS  MJ  4 Taman Malim Jaya

75250 Melaka

Tel

:  06-337  3389

Fax

:  06-337  2389

## OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES IN MALAYSIA

## ALBE MARKETING SDN BHD [199701031224 (446723-K)]

53  &amp;  55,  Jalan  PBS  14/10

Taman Perindustrian Bukit Serdang

43300 Seri Kembangan

Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-8945  4919

03-8945 4920

03-8945 4921

Fax

:  03-8945  4916

Email

:  albemarketing@lbalum.com.my

## ALBE METAL SDN BHD [200101026250 (562008-A)]

Lot  9A,  Jalan  Fimas

Off  Jalan  Simpang  Balak

Kawasan Perindustrian Fimas

43000 Kajang

Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-8736  3988

:  03-8733  8188

:  03-8733  8288

Fax

:  03-8741  8993

## LB ALUMINIUM (SARAWAK) SDN BHD [200801009978 (811266-T)]

Lot  846  &amp;  847,  Block  7,  MTLD

Sejingkat  Industrial  Park 93050 Kuching

Sarawak

Tel

:  082-439  633

Fax

:  082-432  893

## FACADE PERFORMANCE LAB SDN BHD [201801033311(1295338-T)]

Lot  PT  20470,  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  3/F Taman Perindustrian Mahkota 43700 Beranang, Semenyih

Selangor Darul Ehsan

Tel

:  03-8725  8936

Email

:  enquiry@fplab.com.my

<!-- image -->

## BRANCH NETWORK (CONT'D)

## OVERSEAS SUBSIDIARY

## LB ALUMINIUM (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD (200009299G)

No.11,  Kaki  Bukit  Road  1 #03-07 Eunos Technolink

Singapore 415939

Tel

:  +65-6345  9131

+65-6745 5693

Fax

:  +65-6745  5627

## DISTRIBUTORS / DEALERS IN MALAYSIA

- Kangar
- Alor  Setar
- Butterworth
- Ipoh
- Kuala Lumpur
- Shah Alam
- Seremban
- Melaka
- Johor  Bahru
- Kuantan
- Kuala Terengganu
- Kota Bharu
- Kota Kinabalu
- Kuching

## FINANCIAL

## STATEMENTS CONTENTS

| 69  Directors'  Report  75  Statement by Directors  75  Statutory  Declaration  76  Independent Auditors' Report  82  Statements of Financial Position  84  Statements of Profit  or  Loss  and  Other  Comprehensive  Income  85  Statements of Changes in Equity  87  Statements of Cash Flows  90  Notes to the Financial  Statements   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  Directors  have  pleasure  in  submitting  their  report  and  the  audited  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company for the financial year ended 30 April 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  principally  engaged  in  the  business  of  manufacturing,  marketing  and  trading  of  aluminium  extrusions and other metal products. The principal activities and details of the subsidiaries and an associate are disclosed in Notes 7  and  8  to  the  financial  statements  respectively.  There  have  been  no  significant  changes  in  the  nature  of  these  activities of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the  financial  year.

## RESULTS

| Group  RM'000  Company  RM'000  Profit  for  the  financial  year  38,538  34,606  Attributable  to:  Owners of the parent  41,722  34,606  Non-controlling interests  (3,184)  -  38,538  34,606   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIVIDENDS

Dividends paid, declared or proposed since the end of the previous financial year were as follows:

| RM'000  In  respect  of  financial  year  ended  30  April  2021:  First  and  final  single  tier  dividend  of  2.50  sen  per  ordinary  share,  was  paid  on  16  November  2021  10,871   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, a first and final single tier dividend of 2.50 sen per ordinary share amounting to RM10,871,267 in respect of the current financial year will be proposed for shareholders' approval. The financial statements for  the  current  financial  year  do  not  reflect  this  proposed  dividend.  Such  dividend,  if  approved  by  the  shareholders,  will be accounted for in shareholders' equity as an appropriation of retained profits in the financial year ending 30 April 2023.

## RESERVES AND PROVISIONS

There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year.

## ISSUES OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES

On 6 July 2021, the Company announced to undertake a proposed bonus issue of up to 186,364,750 new ordinary shares in  the  Company  ('Bonus  Shares')  to  be  credited  as  fully  paid-up,  on  the  basis  of  three  (3)  Bonus  Shares  for  every  four (4)  existing  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  ('Bonus  Issue').  The  Bonus  Issue  was  completed  on  30  August  2021.

The Company did not issue any new debentures during the financial year.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONT'D)

## OPTIONS GRANTED OVER UNISSUED SHARES

No options were granted to any person to take up unissued ordinary shares of the Company during the financial year.

## DIRECTORS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

The Directors who have held office during the financial year and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa Mark Wing Kong Yap Chee Woon Leow Sok Hoon Neoh Lay Keong Dato'  Dr.  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad Toh Khiam Huat Chew Kat Nyap Teh Kok Heng Leow Vinzie (Alternate Director  to  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa)  (Appointed  on  29  June  2021) Leow Vinken (Alternate Director to Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa) (Resigned on 29 June 2021)

## DIRECTORS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

Pursuant to  Section  253(2)  of  the  Companies  Act  2016,  the  Directors  of  the  subsidiaries  of  LB  Aluminium  Berhad  during the  financial  year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report  are  as  follows:

| Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa Mark Wing Kong Yap Chee Woon Leow Vinken Leow Vinzie Chia  King  Ling Khik  Lap  Fun Ng Yong Huat Tan Chung Tee Tan Wei Kiat Yap Chee Keong Yap Chee Sen Tan Sri  Datuk  Seri  Gan  Yu  Chai Gan Kah Siong Gan Yee Hin Chin Pooi Wai Lim Soo Wai  (Resigned on 19 November 2021) (Resigned on 29 June 2021)  (Resigned on 16 June 2021) (Appointed on 16 June 2021)  Shaik  Ahmad Sufian B.Shaik Kamal Farid   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

The Directors holding office at the end of the financial year and their beneficial interests in ordinary shares of the Company and  of  its  related  corporations  during  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  as  recorded  in  the  Register  of  Directors' Shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 59 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia were as follows:

| &lt;-------------------  Number of ordinary shares  -------------------&gt;  Balance  as  at  1.5.2021  Addition*  Sold  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  Shares in the Company  Direct  interests  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  74,973,406  56,230,054  -  131,203,460  Mark Wing Kong  3,643,500  2,732,625  -  6,376,125  Yap Chee Woon  844,300  633,225  -  1,477,525  Leow Sok Hoon  18,368,504  13,776,378  -  32,144,882   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Effect  of  three-for-four  bonus  issue  completed  on  30  August  2021

By virtue  of  Tan  Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa's  substantial  interest  in  the  shares  of  the  Company,  he  is  deemed  to  have interest  in  the  shares  of  all  the  subsidiaries  to  the  extent  that  the  Company  has  an  interest.

The  other  Directors  holding  office  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  did  not  hold  any  beneficial  interest  in  the  ordinary shares of  the  Company or ordinary shares and debentures of its related corporations during the financial year.

## DIRECTORS' BENEFITS

Since the end of the previous financial year, none of the Directors have received or become entitled to receive any benefit (other than a benefit included in the aggregate amount of remuneration received or due and receivable by the Directors as  shown  in  the  financial  statements)  by  reason  of  a  contract  made  by  the  Company  or  a  related  corporation  with  the Director  or  with  a  firm  of  which  the  Director  is  a  member,  or  with  a  company  in  which  the  Director  has  a  substantial financial  interest  other  than  the  followings:

- (i) remuneration received or due and receivable by certain Directors  from  the  related  corporations  in  their  capacity  as Directors  or  executives  of  the  related  corporation;  and
- (ii) deemed benefits arising from related party transactions as disclosed in Note 31 to the financial statements.

There  were  no  arrangements  during  and  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  to  which  the  Company  is  a  party,  which  had the  object  of  enabling  the  Directors  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in  or  debentures  of  the Company or any other body corporate.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONT'D)

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The details  of  Directors'  remuneration  are  as  follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2022  RM'000  Directors  of  the  Company  Executive  Directors:  Short-term employee benefits:  -  fees  160  160  -  salaries,  bonuses  and  other  benefits  3,681  2,878  -  defined  contribution  plan  386  334  4,227  3,372  Non-Executive Directors:  -  fees  240  240  -  other  benefits  23  23  Total  4,490  3,635  Directors  of  the  subsidiaries  Executive  Directors:  Short-term employee benefits:  -  salaries,  bonuses  and  other  benefits  1,122  -  -  defined  contribution  plan  130  -  1,252  -  Non-Executive Director:  -  fees  240  -  Total  1,492  -  Total  Directors'  remuneration  5,982  3,635   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONT'D)

## INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE FOR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND AUDITORS

The Group and the Company effected Directors' liability insurance during the financial year to protect the Directors of the Group and of the Company against potential costs and liabilities arising from claims brought against the Directors.

During the financial year, the total amount of indemnity coverage and insurance premium paid for the Directors and the officers  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  are  RM10,000,000  and  RM22,000  respectively.

There  were  no  indemnity  given  to  or  insurance  effected  for  the  auditors  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the financial  year.

## OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION REGARDING THE GROUP AND THE COMPANY

## (I) AS AT THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR

- (a) Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were prepared, the Directors took reasonable steps:
- (i) to  ascertain  that  proper  action  had  been  taken  in  relation  to  the  writing  off  of  bad  debts  and  the  making of  provision  for  doubtful  debts  and  have  satisfied  themselves  that  all  known  bad  debts  had  been  written off  and  that  adequate  provision  had  been  made  for  doubtful  debts;  and
- (ii) to  ensure  that  any  current  assets  other  than  debts,  which  were  unlikely  to  realise  their  book  values  in  the ordinary  course  of  business  had  been  written  down  to  their  estimated  realisable  values.
- (b) In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  results  of  the  operations  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the financial  year  have  not  been  substantially  affected  by  any  item,  transaction  or  event  of  a  material  and  unusual nature.

## (II) FROM THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO THE DATE OF THIS REPORT

- (c) The Directors are not aware of any circumstances:
- (i) which  would  render  the  amounts  written  off  for  bad  debts  or  the  amount  of  the  provision  for  doubtful debts in  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  inadequate  to  any  material  extent;
- (ii) which would render the values attributed to current assets in the financial statements of the Group and of the  Company misleading; and
- (iii) which have arisen which would render adherence to the existing method of valuation of assets or liabilities of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  misleading  or  inappropriate.
- (d) In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors:
- (i) there has not arisen any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this report is made; and
- (ii) no contingent or other liability has become enforceable, or is likely to become enforceable, within the period of  twelve (12) months after the end of the financial year which would or may affect the ability of the Group and of the Company to meet their obligations as and when they fall due.

<!-- image -->

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (CONT'D)

## OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION REGARDING THE GROUP AND THE COMPANY (CONT'D)

## (III)  AS  AT  THE  DATE  OF  THIS  REPORT

- (e) There  are  no  charges  on  the  assets  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  which  have  arisen  since  the  end  of  the financial  year  to  secure  the  liabilities  of  any  other  person.
- (f) There  are  no  contingent  liabilities  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  which  have  arisen  since  the  end  of  the financial  year.
- (g) The Directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or the financial statements which would render any amount stated in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company misleading.

## SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR

Significant  events  during  the  financial  year  are  disclosed  in  Note  37  to  the  financial  statements.

## AUDITORS

The auditors,  BDO PLT (LLP0018825-LCA &amp; AF 0206), have expressed their willingness to continue in office.

The  details  of  auditors'  remuneration  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  are RM234,000 and RM85,000 respectively.

Signed on behalf of the Board in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa

Director

Kuala Lumpur 15  August  2022

Mark Wing Kong Director

## STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  financial  statements  set  out  on  pages  82  to  167  have  been  drawn  up  in  accordance with  Malaysian  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  and  the  provisions  of  the Companies  Act  2016  in  Malaysia  so  as  to  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  position  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company as at 30 April 2022 and of the financial performance and cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial  year  then  ended.

On behalf of the Board,

Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa

Director

Kuala Lumpur

15  August  2022

## STATUTORY DECLARATION

I,  Wong  Say  Young  (CA  29905),  being  the  officer  primarily  responsible  for  the  financial  management  of  LB  Aluminium Berhad,  do  solemnly  and  sincerely  declare  that  the  financial  statements  set  out  on  pages  82  to  167  are,  to  the  best  of my knowledge and belief, correct  and  I  make  this  solemn  declaration  conscientiously  believing  the  same  to  be  true  and by  virtue  of  the  provisions  of  the  Statutory  Declarations  Act,  1960.

Subscribed and solemnly ) declared by the abovenamed at ) Kuala Lumpur this ) 15  August  2022 )

Before me:

Mardhiyyah Abdul Wahab No.  W729

Commissioner for Oaths

Mark Wing Kong

Director

<!-- image -->

Wong Say Young

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA)

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Opinion

We have audited  the  financial  statements  of  LB  Aluminium  Berhad,  which  comprise  the  statements  of  financial  position as  at  30  April  2022  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company,  and  the  statements  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 82 to 167.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of  the  Company  as  at  30  April  2022,  and  of  their  financial  performance  and  their  cash  flows  for  the  financial  year  then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ('MFRSs'), International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs')  and  the  requirements  of  the  Companies  Act  2016  in  Malaysia.

## Basis  for  Opinion

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and  International  Standards  on Auditing ('ISAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors'ResponsibilitiesfortheAudit of  the  Financial  Statements section  of  our  report.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## IndependenceandOtherEthicalResponsibilities

We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws (onProfessionalEthics,Conductand Practice) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants ('By-Laws') and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) ('IESBA  Code'),  and we have fulfilled  our  other  ethical  responsibilities  in  accordance  with  the  By-Laws  and  the  IESBA  Code.

## Key Audit Matters

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  for  the  current  financial  year.  These  matters  were  addressed  in the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Key Audit Matters of the Group and of the Company

## (a) Carrying amount of inventories at lower of cost and net realisable value

As  at  30  April  2022,  the  carrying  amount  of  inventories  for  aluminium  products  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company were  RM184,302,000  and  RM168,011,000  respectively.  Details  of  the  inventories,  are  disclosed  in  Note  12  to  the financial  statements.

We have  focused  on  the  audit  risk  that  the  carrying  amount  of  inventories  may  not  be  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost and net realisable value. Writing down of inventories to net realisable value is mainly based on management estimates, which have been derived from estimates of selling prices that are subject to price volatility  of  aluminium  and  if  not accounted for properly, may lead to the valuation of inventories being misstated.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA) (CONT'D)

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)

## Key Audit Matters (cont'd)

## Key Audit Matters of the Group and of the Company (cont'd)

## (a) Carrying amount of inventories at lower of cost and net realisable value (cont'd)

## Audit  response

Our audit procedures included the following:

- (i) compared  the  net  realisable  values  determined  by  management  against  the  movements  of  world  aluminium prices;
- (ii) analysed inventories turnover period by comparing that to the assessment of management on the identification of  slow  moving  inventories;  and
- (iii) tested  inventories  for  sales  subsequent  to  the  year  end  to  supporting  documentation  and  assessed  that  the carrying  amount of inventories is  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.

## (b) Recoverability  of  trade  receivables

As  at  30  April  2022,  gross  third  parties  trade  receivables  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  were  RM156,233,000  and RM131,855,000 respectively, as disclosed in Note 13 to the financial statements.

We have focused on the audit risk that carrying amount of trade receivables may not be recovered. Assessment on recoverability of trade receivables requires management to exercise significant judgement in determining the probability of  default  by  trade  receivables  and  appropriate  forward-looking  information.

## Audit  response

Our audit procedures included the following:

- (i) assessed the adequacy of credit impaired for significant outstanding balances exceeding the credit term granted or  are  otherwise  old;
- (ii) recomputed the probability of default using historical data and forward-looking information adjustment applied by  the  Group  and  the  Company;
- (iii) recomputed  the  correlation  coefficient  between  the  macroeconomic  indicators  used  by  the  Group  and  the Company, and historical credit losses to determine the appropriateness of the forward-looking information used by  the  Group  and  the  Company;  and
- (iv) inquiries  of  management  to  assess  the  rationale  underlying  the  relationship  between  the  forward-looking information and expected credit losses.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA) (CONT'D)

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)

## Key Audit Matters (cont'd)

## Key Audit Matters of the Group and of the Company (cont'd)

## (c) Impairment assessment of cost of investment in subsidiaries

As  at  30  April  2022,  the  Company's  carrying  amounts  of  investments  in  subsidiaries  amounted  to  RM21,685,000  as disclosed  in  Note  7  to  the  financial  statements.

We  have  focused  on  the  audit  risk  that  the  carrying  amounts  of  cost  of  investments  in  subsidiaries  may  not  be recovered.  Determination  of  the  recoverable  amounts  of  cost  of  investments  in  subsidiaries  requires  significant judgement  and  estimates  about  the  future  results  and  key  assumptions  applied  to  cash  flow  projections  of  the subsidiaries. These key assumptions include revenue growth rates, expenses growth rates as well as determining an appropriate pre-tax discount rate to be used.

## Audit  response

Our audit procedures included the following:

- (i) challenged  management  on  the  basis  of  determining  the  probability-weighted  forecasted  cash  flows  of  the subsidiaries;
- (ii) verified  the  pre-tax  discount  rate  by  comparison  to  market  data  and  relevant  risk  factors;  and
- (iii) performed sensitivity analysis to stress test the key assumptions used in the future cash flows of the impairment model.

## (d) Impairment assessment of amounts owing by subsidiaries

As  at  30  April  2022,  gross  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  were  RM69,976,000  as  disclosed  in  Note 13  to  the  financial  statements.

We  have  focused  on  the  audit  risk  that  carrying  amount  of  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries  may  not  be  recovered. Assessment on recoverability of amounts owing by subsidiaries requires management to exercise significant judgement in  determining  the  probability  of  default  by  subsidiaries  incorporating  appropriate  forward-looking  information.

## Audit  response

Our audit procedures included the following:

- (i) recomputed the probability of default using historical data and forward-looking information adjustment;
- (ii) recomputed the correlation coefficient between the macroeconomic indicators used by the Company and historical losses  to  determine  the  appropriateness  of  the  forward-looking  information  used  by  the  Company;
- (iii) inquiries  of  management  to  assess  the  rationale  underlying  the  relationship  between  the  forward-looking information and expected credit losses;
- (iv) assessed the appropriateness of the indicators of significant increase in credit risk applied by management and the  resultant  basis  for  classification  of  balances  into  respective  stages;  and
- (v) assessed actual loss events subsequent to the end of reporting period for its relationship with the indicators of significant  increase  in  credit  risk  applied  by  management.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA) (CONT'D)

## INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND AUDITORS' REPORT THEREON

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included  in  the  annual  report,  but  does  not  include  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  and  our auditors'  report  thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company,  our  responsibility  is  to  read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material  misstatement  of  this  other  information, we are required to report that fact.  We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  accordance  with  MFRSs,  IFRSs  and  the  requirements  of  the  Companies  Act  2016  in Malaysia.  The  Directors  are  also  responsible  for  such  internal  control  as  the  Directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable the  preparation  of  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  that  are  free  from  material  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company,  the  Directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the ability of the Group and of the Company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it  exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and  ISAs,  we  exercise  professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- (a)    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  design  and  perform  audit  procedures  responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or  the  override  of  internal  control.

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA) (CONT'D)

## AUDITORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONT'D)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and  ISAs,  we  exercise  professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also: (cont'd)

- (b) Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate  in  the  circumstances,  but  not  for  the  purpose  of  expressing  an  opinion  on  the  effectiveness  of  internal control  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company.
- (c) Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures  made by the Directors.
- (d) Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  Directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  and,  based  on  the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group or of the Company to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the financial statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our  opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or  conditions  may  cause  the  Group  or  the  Company  to  cease  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.
- (e) Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  represent  the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- (f) Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial statements of the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision  and  performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  the  Directors  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal  control  that  we  identify  during  our  audit.

We  also  provide  the  Directors  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Directors,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most  significance  in  the audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  for  the  current  year  and  are  therefore  the  key  audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD (INCORPORATED IN MALAYSIA) (CONT'D)

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have not acted as auditors are disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.

## OTHER MATTERS

This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act  2016  in  Malaysia  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  to  any  other  person  for  the  content  of this  report.

BDO PLT LLP0018825-LCA &amp; AF 0206 Chartered Accountants

Kuala Lumpur 15  August  2022

Ng Soe Kei 02982/08/2023 J Chartered Accountant

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property,  plant  and  equipment  5  184,557  188,507  155,328  158,900  Right-of-use  assets  6  9,404  10,684  6,962  8,966  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  21,685  16,314  Investment in an associate  8  29,544  24,539  6,000  6,000  Other investment  9  1,197  1,596  1,197  1,596  Goodwill on consolidation  10  757  2,490  -  -  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  13  -  -  53,822  60,556  Deferred tax assets  11  -  15  -  -  225,459  227,831  244,994  252,332  Current assets  Inventories  12  389,223  186,681  168,011  101,996  Trade and other receivables  13  172,152  164,102  154,515  103,865  Current tax assets  160  293  -  -  Short  term  fund  14  28,271  27,791  28,271  27,791  Cash and bank balances  15  30,298  36,470  23,976  30,648  620,104  415,337  374,773  264,300  Asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  16  -  24,672  -  -  620,104  440,009  374,773  264,300  TOTAL ASSETS  845,563  667,840  619,767  516,632  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attributable to owners of the parent  Share capital  17  125,771  125,771  125,771  125,771  Reserves  18  237,082  206,067  174,645  150,910  362,853  331,838  300,416  276,681  Non-controlling interests  7(e)  (743)  681  -  -  TOTAL EQUITY  362,110  332,519  300,416  276,681   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 30 APRIL 2022 (CONT'D)

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Amounts owing to a corporate shareholder of a  subsidiary  21  14,561  9,271  -  -  Borrowings  19  30,160  39,180  4,440  5,920  Deferred tax liabilities  11  20,844  20,013  20,096  18,953  Lease liabilities  6  1,227  2,275  853  2,471  66,792  70,739  25,389  27,344  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  21  181,094  109,293  81,149  67,706  Borrowings  19  230,020  149,505  207,660  139,540  Lease liabilities  6  1,281  1,495  1,700  2,197  Derivative  financial  liabilities  22  -  31  -  31  Current tax liabilities  4,266  4,258  3,453  3,133  416,661  264,582  293,962  212,607  TOTAL LIABILITIES  483,453  335,321  319,351  239,951  TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  845,563  667,840  619,767  516,632   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Revenue  23  686,616  527,175  631,589  473,816  Cost  of  sales  (555,498)  (436,241)  (518,337)  (402,550)  Gross profit  131,118  90,934  113,252  71,266  Other operating income  24  8,905  5,412  10,895  8,223  Marketing and distribution expenses  (50,714)  (30,105)  (45,945)  (25,481)  Administrative  expenses  (25,115)  (24,320)  (18,068)  (19,216)  Net (losses)/gains  on  impairment  of  financial  assets  26  (6,034)  2,837  (4,142)  811  Other operating expenses  (4,841)  (1,452)  (3,034)  (1,417)  Finance costs  25  (6,956)  (5,269)  (7,362)  (7,669)  Share of results  of  an  associate  8  5,005  10,980  -  -  Profit  before  tax  26  51,368  49,017  45,596  26,517  Tax expense  27  (12,830)  (8,456)  (10,990)  (6,074)  Profit  for  the  financial  year  38,538  40,561  34,606  20,443  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  Item that may be reclassified subsequently  to  profit  or  loss:  Foreign  currency  translations  164  92  -  -  Total  comprehensive income for the financial  year  38,702  40,653  34,606  20,443  Profit/(Loss)  attributable  to:  Owners of the parent  41,722  41,209  34,606  20,443  Non-controlling interests  7(e)  (3,184)  (648)  -  -  38,538  40,561  34,606  20,443  Total  comprehensive income/(loss) attributable  to:  Owners of the parent  41,886  41,301  34,606  20,443  Non-controlling interests  7(e)  (3,184)  (648)  -  -  38,702  40,653  34,606  20,443  Earnings per ordinary share attributable to  owners of the parent (sen):  Basic  and  diluted  28  9.59  9.48   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanyingnotesformanintegral part of the financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022

| Group  Note  Share  capital  RM'000  Exchange  translation  reserve  RM'000  Retained  earnings  RM'000  Total  attributable  to  owners  of  the  parent  RM'000  Non-  controlling  interests  RM'000  Total  equity  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  125,771  4,422  163,259  293,452  732  294,184  Profit/(Loss)  for  the  financial  year  -  -  41,209  41,209  (648)  40,561  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  92  -  92  -  92  Total  comprehensive income/(loss)  -  92  41,209  41,301  (648)  40,653  Transactions with owners  Dilution  of  interest  in  a  subsidiary  7(d)  -  -  4  4  (4)  -  Dividend paid  29  -  -  (2,485)  (2,485)  -  (2,485)  Subscription  of  interest  in  a  subsidiary  by  non-controlling  interests  7(d)  -  -  (434)  (434)  601  167  Total  transactions  with  owners  -  -  (2,915)  (2,915)  597  (2,318)  Balance as at 30 April  2021  125,771  4,514  201,553  331,838  681  332,519  Balance as at 1 May 2021  125,771  4,514  201,553  331,838  681  332,519  Profit/(Loss)  for  the  financial  year  -  -  41,722  41,722  (3,184)  38,538  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  164  -  164  -  164  Total  comprehensive income/(loss)  -  164  41,722  41,886  (3,184)  38,702  Transactions with owners  Dividend paid  29  -  -  (10,871)  (10,871)  -  (10,871)  Subscription  of  interest  in  subsidiaries  by  non-controlling  interests  -  -  -  -  1,760  1,760  Total  transactions  with  owners  -  -  (10,871)  (10,871)  1,760  (9,111)  Balance as at 30 April  2022  125,771  4,678  232,404  362,853  (743)  362,110   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022 (CONT'D)

| Company  Share  capital  RM'000  Retained  earnings  RM'000  Total  equity  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  125,771  132,952  258,723  Profit  for  the  financial  year  -  20,443  20,443  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  -  -  Total  comprehensive income  -  20,443  20,443  Transaction with owners  Dividend paid  29  -  (2,485)  (2,485)  Total  transaction  with  owners  -  (2,485)  (2,485)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  125,771  150,910  276,681  Balance as at 1 May 2021  125,771  150,910  276,681  Profit  for  the  financial  year  -  34,606  34,606  Other comprehensive income, net of tax  -  -  -  Total  comprehensive income  -  34,606  34,606  Transaction with owners  Dividend paid  29  -  (10,871)  (10,871)  Total  transaction  with  owners  -  (10,871)  (10,871)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  125,771  174,645  300,416   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit  before  tax  51,368  49,017  45,596  26,517  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  5  12,304  12,556  11,235  11,517  -  right-of-use  assets  6  1,540  3,052  2,189  2,030  -  investment  property  -  121  -  -  Dividend income from:  -  other  investment  24  (47)  (42)  (47)  (42)  -  subsidiaries  24  -  -  (4,474)  (1,060)  Fair  value  (gain)/loss  on:  -  derivative  instruments  26  (31)  31  (31)  31  -  other  investment  26  399  (745)  399  (745)  -  short  term  fund  26  (87)  -  (87)  -  Impairment losses on:  -  trade  receivables  13(g)  7,549  1,410  5,933  915  -  other  receivables  13(h)  353  1  -  -  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  5  331  -  -  -  -  goodwill  on  consolidation  10  1,733  -  -  -  -  amount owing by subsidiaries  13(h)  -  -  321  1,571  -  investments  in  subsidiaries  -  -  1,468  -  (Reversal  of  inventories  written  down)/written  down of inventories  12(e)  (16)  19  -  -  Interest  income:  -  deposits  with  licensed  banks  24  (884)  (785)  (663)  (733)  -  amounts owing by subsidiaries  24  -  -  (2,012)  (2,820)  Interest  expense  25  6,956  5,269  7,362  7,669  Loss/(gain)  on  reassessments  and  modification  of  leases  75  37  (9)  4  Net (gain)/loss  on  disposals  of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  (31)  10  (31)  (338)  -  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  (4,204)  -  -  -  Net unrealised (gain)/loss  on  foreign  exchange  26  (1,360)  268  (1,349)  256  Reversal  of  impairment  losses  on:  -  trade  receivables  13(g)  (1,730)  (4,218)  (403)  (3,008)  -  other  receivables  13(h)  (138)  (30)  (138)  (289)  -  amounts owing by subsidiaries  13(h)  -  -  (1,571)  -  -  cash  and  bank  balances  15(d)  (1)  -  -  -  Share of profit  of  an  associate  8  (5,005)  (10,980)  -  -  Bad debts written off  1,565  -  410  -  Written  off  of:  -  inventories  12(d)  883  99  883  94  -  other  receivables  26  -  189  -  189  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  5  11  322  10  299  Operating profit  before  changes  in  working  capital  carried  forward  71,533  55,601  64,991  42,057   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022 (CONT'D)

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (CONT'D)  Operating profit  before  changes  in  working  capital  brought forward  71,533  55,601  64,991  42,057  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (203,408)  (32,888)  (66,897)  (15,649)  Trade and other receivables  (14,068)  (26,795)  (39,837)  (21,311)  Trade and other payables  76,401  20,053  8,857  13,533  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  -  -  5,847  389  Cash (used in)/from operations  (69,542)  15,971  (27,039)  19,019  Tax paid  (11,851)  (4,885)  (9,527)  (2,504)  Tax refunded  -  1  -  -  Net cash (used in)/generated from operating  activities  (81,393)  11,087  (36,566)  16,515  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Acquisition  of  additional  interest  in  subsidiaries  -  -  (3,240)  -  Advances (to)/from subsidiaries  -  -  (13,150)  3,656  Dividends received  47  42  47  42  Interest  received  884  785  663  733  Net change in short term fund  14  (480)  (14,464)  (480)  (14,464)  Proceeds from disposals of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  68  68  68  693  -  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  28,876  -  -  -  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  5  (8,705)  (8,255)  (7,710)  (7,308)  Subscription  of  interest  in  a  subsidiary  by  non-  controlling  interests  1,760  167  -  -  Net cash generated from/(used in) investing  activities  22,450  (21,657)  (23,802)  (16,648)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 APRIL 2022 (CONT'D)

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Interest  paid  (6,781)  (5,050)  (4,710)  (4,014)  Dividend paid  29  (10,871)  (2,485)  (10,871)  (2,485)  Dividend income from subsidiaries  -  -  4,474  1,060  Payments for lease liabilities  6  (1,772)  (2,885)  (2,489)  (2,318)  Drawdown of term loan  -  7,400  -  7,400  Repayment of term loan  (3,800)  -  (1,480)  -  Net repayment of revolving credits  (7,000)  (4,000)  (7,000)  (4,000)  Net drawdown of bankers' acceptances  74,200  13,765  75,120  13,565  Net cash generated from financing activities  43,976  6,745  53,044  9,208  Net (decrease)/increase in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  (14,967)  (3,825)  (7,324)  9,075  Effects  of  exchange  rate  changes  on  cash  and  cash  equivalents  699  679  652  655  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  on  cash  and  cash  equivalents  1  -  -  -  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the  financial  year  31,865  35,011  30,648  20,918  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the financial  year  15  17,598  31,865  23,976  30,648   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Borrowings (excluded bank overdrafts)  Balance as at 1 May  184,080  166,915  145,460  128,495  Cash flows  63,400  17,165  66,640  16,965  Balance as at 30 April  247,480  184,080  212,100  145,460  Lease liabilities  Balance as at 1 May  3,770  4,538  4,668  5,406  Cash flows:  Payments of lease liabilities  (1,772)  (2,885)  (2,489)  (2,318)  Non-cash flows:  -  Reassessments and modification  (78)  1,642  (216)  1,048  -  Unwinding of  interest  175  219  198  276  -  Additions  of  lease  liabilities  413  256  392  256  Balance as at 30 April  6  2,508  3,770  2,553  4,668   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanyingnotesformanintegral part of the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

LB  Aluminium  Berhad  ('the  Company')  is  a  public  limited  liability  company,  incorporated  and  domiciled  in  Malaysia, and is  listed  on  the  Main  Market  of  Bursa  Malaysia  Securities  Berhad.

The  registered  office  of  the  Company  is  located  at  Unit  30-01,  Level  30,  Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi,  59200 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan.

The  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  is  located  at  Lot  11,  Jalan  Perusahaan  1,  Kawasan  Perusahaan Beranang, 43700 Beranang, Selangor Darul Ehsan.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  comprise  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries and the interest of the Group in an associate. These financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ('RM'),  which  is  also  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company.  All  financial  information  presented  in  RM  has  been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

The financial  statements  were  authorised  for  issue  in  accordance  with  a  resolution  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  15 August 2022.

## 2. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is principally engaged in the business of manufacturing, marketing and trading of aluminium extrusions and  other  metal  products.  The  principal  activities  and  details  of  the  subsidiaries  and  an  associate  are  disclosed  in Notes  7  and  8  to  the  financial  statements.  There  have  been  no  significant  changes  in  the  nature  of  these  activities of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the  financial  year.

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Malaysian  Financial Reporting Standards ('MFRSs'), International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRSs') and the provisions of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except for the effects of adoption of the new MFRSs during the financial year. The new MFRSs and amendments to MFRSs adopted during the financial year are disclosed in Note 36 to the financial statements.

The  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  have  been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention except as otherwise stated in the financial statements.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS

The  Group  is  principally  involved  in  manufacturing,  marketing  and  trading  of  aluminium  extrusions  and  other  metal products and property development. Its operating segments are presented based on products and services. The performance of  each  segment is measured based on the internal management report reviewed by chief operating decision maker.

The Group evaluates performance on the basis of profit or loss from operations before tax.

Inter-segment revenue is priced along the same lines as sales to external customers and is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. These policies have been applied consistently throughout the current and previous financial years.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

- (a) Segment assets exclude tax assets. Segment liabilities exclude tax liabilities. Even though borrowings arise from financing  activities,  they  are  allocated  to  the  segments  based  on  relevant  factors.  Details  are  provided  in  the reconciliations  from  segment  assets  and  liabilities  to  the  position  of  the  Group.

| 2022  Note  Aluminium  RM'000  Property  development  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Revenue  Total  revenue  753,084  -  753,084  Inter-segment revenue  (66,468)  -  (66,468)  Revenue from external customers  686,616  -  686,616  Results  Interest  income  869  15  884  Finance costs  (4,967)  (1,989)  (6,956)  Share of results  of  an  associate  -  5,005  5,005  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (12,251)  (53)  (12,304)  Depreciation of right-of-use  assets  (1,488)  (52)  (1,540)  Other items of income  (a)(i)  8,021  -  8,021  Other expenses  (a)(ii)  (12,902)  -  (12,902)  Segment profit/(loss) before tax  52,167  (799)  51,368  Tax expense  (12,830)  -  (12,830)  Segment assets  605,387  240,016  845,403  Segment liabilities  305,078  153,265  458,343   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

- (a) Segment assets exclude tax assets. Segment liabilities exclude tax liabilities. Even though borrowings arise from financing  activities,  they  are  allocated  to  the  segments  based  on  relevant  factors.  Details  are  provided  in  the reconciliations  from  segment  assets  and  liabilities  to  the  position  of  the  Group.  (cont'd)

| 2021  Note  Aluminium  RM'000  Property  development  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Revenue  Total  revenue  575,251  -  575,251  Inter-segment revenue  (48,076)  -  (48,076)  Revenue from external customers  527,175  -  527,175  Results  Interest  income  758  27  785  Finance costs  (5,233)  (36)  (5,269)  Share of results  of  an  associate  -  10,980  10,980  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (12,531)  (25)  (12,556)  Depreciation of right-of-use  assets  (3,022)  (30)  (3,052)  Depreciation of investment property  (121)  -  (121)  Other items of income  (a)(i)  4,627  -  4,627  Other expenses  (a)(ii)  (3,036)  -  (3,036)  Segment profit before tax  39,254  9,763  49,017  Tax expense  8,456  -  8,456  Segment assets  553,449  114,083  667,532  Segment liabilities  229,028  82,022  311,050   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Other items of income consist of the following:

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Dividend income from other investment  47  42  Gain on disposal of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  31  -  -  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  4,204  -  Insurance claim recovery  306  -  Fair  value  gain  on  other  investment  -  745  Fair  value  gain  on  derivative  instruments  31  -  Fair  value  gain  on  short  term  fund  87  -  Realised  gain  on  foreign  exchange  56  18  Rental  income  735  1,553  Sundry income  1,164  2,269  Unrealised gain on foreign exchange  1,360  -  8,021  4,627   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

- (a) Segment assets exclude tax assets. Segment liabilities exclude tax liabilities. Even though borrowings arise from financing  activities,  they  are  allocated  to  the  segments  based  on  relevant  factors.  Details  are  provided  in  the reconciliations  from  segment  assets  and  liabilities  to  the  position  of  the  Group.  (cont'd)
- (ii) Other expenses consist of the following:
- (b) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities to the corresponding amounts of  the  Group  are  as  follows:

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Bad debts written off  1,565  -  Fair  value  losses  on:  -  derivative  instruments  -  31  -  other  investment  399  -  Impairment losses on:  -  trade  receivables  7,549  1,410  -  other  receivables  353  1  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  331  -  -  goodwill  on  consolidation  1,733  -  Inventories  written  down  -  19  Loss  on  disposals  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  -  10  Realised  loss  on  foreign  exchange  31  608  Rental  expenses on:  -  premises  16  40  -  forklift  and  other  equipment  31  39  Unrealised loss  on  foreign  exchange  -  268  Written  off  of:  -  inventories  883  99  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  11  322  -  other  receivables  -  189  12,902  3,036   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Revenue  Total  revenue  for  reportable  segments  753,084  575,251  Elimination  of  inter-segment  revenue  (66,468)  (48,076)  Revenue of the Group per statements of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  686,616  527,175   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

- (b) Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities to the corresponding amounts of  the  Group  are  as  follows  (cont'd):

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Profit  for  the  financial  year  Total  profit  or  loss  for  reportable  segments  51,368  49,017  Tax expense  (12,830)  (8,456)  Profit  for  the  financial  year  of  the  Group  per  statements  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income  38,538  40,561  Assets  Total  assets  for  reportable  segments  845,403  667,532  Tax assets  160  308  Assets  of  the  Group  per  statements  of  financial  position  845,563  667,840  Liabilities  Total  liabilities  for  reportable  segments  458,343  311,050  Tax liabilities  25,110  24,271  Liabilities  of  the  Group  per  statements  of  financial  position  483,453  335,321   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Geographical information

The Group operates mainly in Malaysia and Singapore.

In  presenting  information  on  the  basis  of  geographical  areas,  segment  revenue  is  based  on  the  geographical location of customers. The composition of each geographical segment is Malaysia, Singapore, North America and others (1) .

- (1) Others  represent  the  sales  of  finished  goods  to  Europe  and  South  Asia,  Australia  and  New  Zealand  as  well as  South  East  Asia.

## 4. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONT'D)

## (c) Geographical information (cont'd)

Segment  assets  are  based  on  the  geographical  location  of  the  assets  of  the  Group.  The  non-current  assets  do not  include  deferred  tax  assets.

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Revenue from external customers  Malaysia  409,375  343,404  Singapore  53,699  36,160  North America  176,444  112,343  Others  47,098  35,268  686,616  527,175  Non-current assets  Malaysia  223,742  226,017  Singapore  1,717  1,799  225,459  227,816   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major customer

There is  no  customer  with  revenue  equal  to  or  more  than  ten  (10)  percent  of  the  revenue  of  the  Group.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Group  Balance  as  at  1.5.2021  RM'000  Additions  RM'000  Disposals  RM'000  Written  off  RM'000  Impairment  loss  RM'000  Depreciation  charge for the  financial  year  RM'000  Exchange  translation  differences  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Carrying amount  Freehold land  23,555  -  -  -  -  -  -  23,555  Buildings  80,317  790  -  -  -  (2,045)  27  79,089  Plant  and  machinery  76,715  3,463  -  (4)  (331)  (8,825)  -  71,018  Motor vehicles  1,317  1,410  (35)  -  -  (368)  -  2,324  Office  equipment  1,212  1,189  (2)  (6)  -  (281)  -  2,112  Furniture  and  fittings  5,390  255  -  -  -  (785)  1  4,861  Dies  and  moulds  1  -  -  (1)  -  -  -  -  Assets  work-in-progress  -  1,598  -  -  -  -  -  1,598  188,507  8,705  (37)  (11)  (331)  (12,304)  28  184,557   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| &lt;----------------------  At  30.4.2022  ----------------------&gt;  Cost  RM'000  Accumulated  depreciation  RM'000  Accumulated  impairment  losses  RM'000  Carrying  amount  RM'000  Freehold land  23,555  -  -  23,555  Buildings  99,662  (20,338)  (235)  79,089  Plant  and  machinery  212,652  (140,177)  (1,457)  71,018  Motor vehicles  7,500  (5,176)  -  2,324  Office  equipment  9,500  (7,388)  -  2,112  Furniture  and  fittings  14,946  (10,085)  -  4,861  Assets  work-in-progress  1,598  -  -  1,598  369,413  (183,164)  (1,692)  184,557   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

| Group  Balance  as  at  1.5.2020  RM'000  Additions  RM'000  Disposals  RM'000  Written  off  RM'000  Depreciation  charge for the  financial  year  RM'000  Exchange  translation  differences  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2021  RM'000  Carrying amount  Freehold land  23,555  -  -  -  -  -  23,555  Buildings  80,266  2,044  -  -  (2,007)  14  80,317  Plant  and  machinery  80,762  5,311  -  (317)  (9,041)  -  76,715  Motor vehicles  1,681  176  (75)  -  (465)  -  1,317  Office  equipment  1,056  396  (2)  (4)  (234)  -  1,212  Furniture  and  fittings  5,872  328  (1)  (1)  (809)  1  5,390  Dies  and  moulds  1  -  -  -  -  -  1  193,193  8,255  (78)  (322)  (12,556)  15  188,507   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| &lt;-------------------------------  At  30.4.2021  --------------------------------&gt;  Cost  RM'000  Accumulated  depreciation  RM'000  Accumulated  impairment  losses  RM'000  Carrying  amount  RM'000  Freehold land  23,555  -  -  23,555  Buildings  98,833  (18,281)  (235)  80,317  Plant  and  machinery  209,969  (132,128)  (1,126)  76,715  Motor vehicles  6,390  (5,073)  -  1,317  Office  equipment  8,581  (7,369)  -  1,212  Furniture  and  fittings  14,750  (9,360)  -  5,390  Dies  and  moulds  61  (60)  -  1  362,139  (172,271)  (1,361)  188,507   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

| Company  Balance  as  at  1.5.2021  RM'000  Additions  RM'000  Disposals  RM'000  Written  off  RM'000  Depreciation  charge for the  financial  year  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Carrying amount  Freehold land  8,710  -  -  -  -  8,710  Buildings  73,748  790  -  -  (1,800)  72,738  Plant  and  machinery  69,431  3,438  -  (4)  (8,204)  64,661  Motor vehicles  1,131  1,410  (35)  -  (312)  2,194  Office  equipment  788  553  (2)  (6)  (190)  1,143  Furniture  and  fittings  5,092  211  -  -  (729)  4,574  Assets  work-in-progress  -  1,308  -  -  -  1,308  158,900  7,710  (37)  (10)  (11,235)  155,328   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| &lt;-------------------------------  At  30.4.2022  --------------------------------&gt;  Cost  RM'000  Accumulated  depreciation  RM'000  Accumulated  impairment  losses  RM'000  Carrying  amount  RM'000  Freehold land  8,710  -  -  8,710  Buildings  90,276  (17,538)  -  72,738  Plant  and  machinery  198,214  (132,427)  (1,126)  64,661  Motor vehicles  6,729  (4,535)  -  2,194  Office  equipment  7,981  (6,838)  -  1,143  Furniture  and  fittings  13,129  (8,555)  -  4,574  Assets  work-in-progress  1,308  -  -  1,308  326,347  (169,893)  (1,126)  155,328   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

| Company  Balance  as  at  1.5.2020  RM'000  Additions  RM'000  Disposals  RM'000  Written  off  RM'000  Depreciation  charge for the  financial  year  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2021  RM'000  Carrying amount  Freehold land  8,710  -  -  -  -  8,710  Buildings  73,742  1,770  -  -  (1,764)  73,748  Plant  and  machinery  73,407  5,021  (269)  (297)  (8,431)  69,431  Motor vehicles  1,433  137  (75)  -  (364)  1,131  Office  equipment  909  87  (8)  -  (200)  788  Furniture  and  fittings  5,561  293  (2)  (2)  (758)  5,092  Dies  and  moulds  1  -  (1)  -  -  -  163,763  7,308  (355)  (299)  (11,517)  158,900   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| &lt;------------------------------  At  30.4.2021  -------------------------------&gt;  Cost  RM'000  Accumulated  depreciation  RM'000  Accumulated  impairment  losses  RM'000  Carrying  amount  RM'000  Freehold land  8,710  -  -  8,710  Buildings  89,486  (15,738)  -  73,748  Plant  and  machinery  194,857  (124,300)  (1,126)  69,431  Motor vehicles  5,619  (4,488)  -  1,131  Office  equipment  7,591  (6,803)  -  788  Furniture  and  fittings  12,917  (7,825)  -  5,092  319,180  (159,154)  (1,126)  158,900   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

- (a)    All items of property, plant and equipment are initially measured at cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. After initial recognition, property, plant and equipment are stated at cost  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  accumulated  impairment  losses.
- (b) Depreciation  is  calculated  to  write  down  the  cost  of  the  assets  to  their  residual  values  on  a  straight-line  basis over  their  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  lives  represent  common  life  expectancies  applied  in  the various business segments of the Group. The principal depreciation periods and annual rates used are as follows:

| Buildings  2% 10% - 20% 10% - 25% 10%  Plant  and  machinery  Over the useful lives  of  10  to  25  years  Motor vehicles  Office  equipment  Furniture  and  fittings   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Freehold land has unlimited useful life and is  not  depreciated.

Property, plant and equipment in progress represent office equipment and plant and machinery. Property, plant and equipment in progress are not depreciated until such time when the assets are available for use.

## (c) Impairment assessment

The  Group  assesses  impairment  of  assets  whenever  the  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the carrying  amount  of  an  asset  may  not  be  recoverable,  i.e.  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  more  than  the recoverable amount.

Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment of the Group of RM331,000 (2021: nil) was recognised during the financial year. Adverse adjustments were made to the forecasted operating cash flows of a subsidiary in the value-in-use  calculation.  The  recoverable  amount  was  determined  using  pre-tax  discount  rate  of  6.72%  (2021: 5.18%).

## 6. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES

Right-of-use assets

| Leasehold  land  RM'000  Buildings  RM'000  Plant and  machinery  RM'000  Hostels  RM'000  Motor  vehicles  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Group  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2021  7,029  158  1,634  1,401  462  10,684  Reassessments and modification  -  155  -  (291)  (17)  (153)  Additions  -  -  -  413  -  413  Depreciation  (151)  (235)  (202)  (658)  (294)  (1,540)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  6,878  78  1,432  865  151  9,404  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2020  7,179  365  2,043  1,421  867  11,875  Reassessments and modification  -  1,661  (180)  202  (78)  1,605  Additions  -  -  -  256  -  256  Depreciation  (150)  (1,868)  (229)  (478)  (327)  (3,052)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  7,029  158  1,634  1,401  462  10,684  Company  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2021  4,032  1,732  1,634  1,291  277  8,966  Reassessments and modification  -  -  -  (207)  -  (207)  Additions  -  -  -  392  -  392  Depreciation  (83)  (1,039)  (203)  (622)  (242)  (2,189)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  3,949  693  1,431  854  35  6,962  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2020  4,115  1,794  1,837  1,336  614  9,696  Reassessments and modification  -  978  -  144  (78)  1,044  Additions  -  -  -  256  -  256  Depreciation  (83)  (1,040)  (203)  (445)  (259)  (2,030)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  4,032  1,732  1,634  1,291  277  8,966   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 6. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

Lease liabilities

| Buildings  RM'000  Plant and  machinery  RM'000  Hostels  RM'000  Motor  vehicles  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Group  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2021  452  1,306  1,464  548  3,770  Reassessments and modification  155  -  (186)  (47)  (78)  Additions  -  -  413  -  413  Lease payments  (259)  (470)  (723)  (320)  (1,772)  Interest  expense  15  60  83  17  175  Balance as at 30 April 2022  363  896  1,051  198  2,508  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2020  384  1,752  1,468  934  4,538  Reassessments and modification  1,514  -  196  (68)  1,642  Additions  -  -  256  -  256  Lease payments  (1,470)  (529)  (536)  (350)  (2,885)  Interest  expense  24  83  80  32  219  Balance as at 30 April 2021  452  1,306  1,464  548  3,770  Company  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2021  1,706  1,306  1,349  307  4,668  Reassessments and modification  -  -  (186)  (30)  (216)  Additions  -  -  392  -  392  Lease payments  (1,060)  (470)  (683)  (276)  (2,489)  Interest  expense  52  60  78  8  198  Balance as at 30 April 2022  698  896  950  9  2,553  Carrying amount  Balance as at 1 May 2020  1,693  1,687  1,380  646  5,406  Reassessments and modification  978  -  138  (68)  1,048  Additions  -  -  256  -  256  Lease payments  (1,061)  (462)  (500)  (295)  (2,318)  Interest  expense  96  81  75  24  276  Balance as at 30 April 2021  1,706  1,306  1,349  307  4,668   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

| Represented by:  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Current liabilities  1,281  1,495  1,700  2,197  Non-current liabilities  1,227  2,275  853  2,471  2,508  3,770  2,553  4,668   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Lease liabilities  owing  to  financial  institutions  188  222  -  -  Lease liabilities  owing  to  non-financial  institutions  2,320  3,548  2,553  4,668  2,508  3,770  2,553  4,668   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  Group  and  the  Company  lease  a  number  of  buildings,  plant  and  machinery,  hostels  and  motor  vehicles  in the  locations,  which  it  operates  with  fixed  periodic  rent  over  the  lease  term.
- (b)    The  right-of-use  assets  are  initially  measured  at  cost,  which  comprise  the  initial  amount  of  the  lease  liabilities adjusted for  any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  of  the  leases.

After initial recognition, right-of-use assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses, and adjusted for any re-measurement of the lease liabilities.

The Group and the Company have certain leases of buildings, machine and hostels with lease term of 12 months or  less,  and  low  value  leases  of  office  equipment  of  RM20,000  and  below.  The  Group  and  the  Company  apply the  'short-term  lease'  and  'lease  of  low-value  assets'  exemptions  for  these  leases.

- (c)    The right-of-use assets are depreciated on the straight-line basis over the earlier of the estimated useful lives of the  right-of-use  assets  or  the  end  of  the  lease  term.  The  lease  terms  of  right-of-use  assets  are  as  follows:

| Leasehold land Buildings Plant  and  machinery Hostels Motor vehicles  Over the lease period 2  to  3  years 3  to  5  years 2  to  10  years 2  to  11  years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 6. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

(d) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  (included  in  cost  of  sales,  administrative  expenses and marketing and distribution  expenses)  1,540  3,052  2,189  2,030  Interest  expense  on  lease  liabilities  (included  in  finance  cost)  175  219  198  276  Expense relating to short-term leases  (included  in  cost  of  sales  and  administrative  expenses)  16  40  16  34  Expense relating to leases of low-value assets  (included  in  cost  of  sales,  administrative  expenses and marketing and distribution  expenses)  31  39  29  37  1,762  3,350  2,432  2,377   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(e) The lease liabilities  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  bear  the  following  interest  rates  per  annum:

| Group  Company  2022  %  2021  %  2022  %  2021  %  Lease liabilities  2.52  -  5.50  2.52  -  5.50  4.49  -  5.50  4.49  -  5.50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(f) Management  exercises  judgement  in  determining  the  incremental  borrowing  rates  whenever  the  implicit  rates of  interest  in  a  lease  are  not  readily  determinable  as  well  as  the  lease  terms.  The  incremental  borrowing  rates used are based on prevailing market borrowing rates over similar lease terms, of similar value as the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. Lease terms are based on management expectations driven by prevailing market conditions and past experience in exercising similar renewal and termination options.

(g)  Information on financial risks  of  lease  liabilities  is  disclosed  in  Note  35  to  the  financial  statements.

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  At  cost:  -  Unquoted shares in Malaysia  22,920  16,081  -  Unquoted shares outside Malaysia  233  233  23,153  16,314  Less:  Impairment  losses  of  investments  in  unquoted  shares  in  Malaysia  (1,468)  -  21,685  16,314   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Investments in subsidiaries, which are eliminated on consolidation, are stated in the separate financial statements of  the  Company at  cost  less  impairment  losses,  if  any.

All components of non-controlling interests shall be measured at their acquisition-date fair values, unless another measurement  basis  is  required  by  MFRSs.  The  choice  of  measurement  basis  is  made  on  a  combination-bycombination basis. Subsequent to initial recognition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of  those  interests  at  initial  recognition  plus  the  non-controlling  interests'  share  of  subsequent  changes  in  equity.

(b) Details  of  the  subsidiaries  are  as  follows:

| Name of company  Principle  place of  business/  Country of  incorporation  Effective  interest  in  equity  held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Principal  activities  ALBE Marketing Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Marketing and trading of aluminium  hardware and other fittings  ALBE Metal Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Trading of  aluminium sheets and other  metal products  LB Aluminium (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Manufacturing, marketing and trading of  aluminium extrusion  LB Aluminium (Singapore)  Pte.  Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  100.00  100.00  Retail  and  trading  of  aluminium  extrusion  and accessories  Rank Metal Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Property holding  Omega Pesona Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Property holding  Poly  Acres  Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Property holding  Facade Performance Lab  Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Providing  performance tests for  windows,  doors and facades   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

- (b) Details  of  the  subsidiaries  are  as  follows  (cont'd):

| Name of company  Principle  place of  business/  Country of  incorporation  Effective  interest  in  equity  held  by the Group  2022  %  2021  %  Principal  activities  Citajaya  Kuasa  Sdn.  Bhd.  (1)  ('CKSB')  Malaysia  51.00  51.00  Investment holding  Greentech Paramount  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('GPSB')  Malaysia  74.00  74.00  Investment holding  SEMS Sdn. Bhd. ('SEMS')  Malaysia  60.00  60.00  Manufacturing of metal products, metal  stamping and engineering works  Subsidiary of LB  Aluminium (Sarawak)  Sdn. Bhd.  LB Sarawak Industries  Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  100.00  100.00  Property holding  Subsidiary of CKSB  Contras Build Sdn. Bhd.  (1) (2)  ('CBSB')  Malaysia  40.80  40.80  Property development  Subsidiary of GPSB  Pembinaan Serta Hebat  Sdn.  Bhd.  ('PSHSB')  (2)  Malaysia  42.55  42.55  Property development   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Subsidiaries not audited by BDO PLT or member firms.

(2) TheGroupconsidersthatitcontrolsCBSBandPSHSBeventhoughitownslessthanfiftypercent(50%)ofthevoting rights. This is due to the Group having control over the Board and the power to govern the relevant activities of these entities.

(c) During the financial  year  ended  30  April  2022:

- (i) On 27 September 2021, the Company acquired 1,020,000 ordinary shares, representing 51% equity interest in the enlarged share capital of CKSB for cash consideration of RM1,020,000. The equity interest in the subsidiary remained at 51%. The financial effects of this transaction amounting to RM980,000, is credited to non-controlling interests  as  disclosed  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity.
- (ii) On 20 December 2021, the Company acquired 2,219,926 ordinary shares, representing 74% equity interest  in the enlarged share capital of GPSB for cash consideration of RM2,219,926. The equity interest in the subsidiary remained at 74%. The financial effects of this transaction, amounting to RM779,974, is credited to non-controlling interest  as  disclosed  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity.

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

- (c) During the financial  year  ended  30  April  2022  (cont'd):
- (iii) On 22 April 2022, the Company subscribed for 2,100,000 new ordinary shares in Omega Pesona Sdn. Bhd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The amount owing by the subsidiary amounting to RM2,100,000 was capitalised  as  additional  cost  of  investment  of  the  Company  in  the  subsidiary.
- (iv) On 22  April  2022,  the  Company  subscribed  for  1,499,998  new  ordinary  shares  in  Facade  Performance  Lab Sdn.  Bhd.,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company.  The  amount  owing  by  the  subsidiary  amounting  to RM1,499,998 was capitalised as additional cost of investment of the Company in the subsidiary.
- (d) In  the  previous  financial  year  ended  30  April  2021:
- (i) On 14 January 2021, GPSB allotted 99 new ordinary shares representing 99% of the enlarged share capital of GPSB for a total cash consideration of RM99. The allotment of shares resulted in a dilution of the Company's shareholding  in  GPSB  from  100%  to  74%.  The  financial  effects  of  this  transaction,  amounting  to  RM4,000, was  credited  to  retained  earnings  as  disclosed  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity.  The transaction  had  been  completed  in  the  previous  financial  year.
- (ii) On  18  January  2021,  GPSB  subscribed  an  additional  7.44%  of  equity  interest  comprising  927,500  ordinary shares  in  PSHSB  for  a  cash  consideration  of  RM927,500.  The  transaction  was  completed  in  the  previous financial  year  and  resulted  in  an  increase  in  direct  shareholding  from  50.06%  to  57.50%.  Accordingly,  the issued and paid up ordinary share capital of PSHSB increased from RM4,005,000 to RM5,100,000 respectively. However, as a result of the shares allotment by GPSB on 14 January 2021, the Group's effective interest in PSHSB  diluted by 7.51% from 50.06% to 42.55% and the financial effects of this transaction, amounting to RM601,000, was credited to non-controlling interests as disclosed in the consolidated statement of changes in  equity.
- (e) Subsidiaries  of  the  Group  that  have  non-controlling  interests  ('NCI')  are  as  follows:

| 2022  CKSB  RM'000  CBSB  RM'000  PSHSB  RM'000  GPSB  RM'000  SEMS  RM'000  Total  RM'000  NCI percentage of ownership  interest  and  voting  interest  49.00%  59.20%  57.45%  26.00%  40.00%  Carrying  amount of NCI  974  445  (2,904)  199  543  (743)  (Loss)/Profit  allocated  to  NCI  (17)  (2)  (2,852)  (489)  176  (3,184)  Total  comprehensive (loss)/  income attributable to NCI  (17)  (2)  (2,852)  (489)  176  (3,184)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

- (e) Subsidiaries  of  the  Group  that  have  non-controlling  interests  ('NCI')  are  as  follows  (cont'd):
- (f) The summarised financial information before intra-group elimination of the subsidiaries that have NCI as at the end of each reporting period are as follows:

| 2021  CKSB  RM'000  CBSB  RM'000  PSHSB  RM'000  GPSB  RM'000  SEMS  RM'000  Total  RM'000  NCI percentage of ownership  interest  and  voting  interest  49.00%  59.20%  57.45%  26.00%  40.00%  Carrying  amount of NCI  11  447  (52)  (92)  367  681  (Loss)/Profit  allocated  to  NCI  (34)  (3)  (684)  (89)  162  (648)  Total  comprehensive (loss)/  income attributable to NCI  (34)  (3)  (684)  (89)  162  (648)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  CKSB  RM'000  CBSB  RM'000  PSHSB  RM'000  GPSB  RM'000  SEMS  RM'000  Assets and liabilities  Non-current assets  2,000  -  915  52,783  1,638  Current assets  42,171  44,570  168,285  30  1,842  Non-current liabilities  -  -  (25,884)  (52,043)  (173)  Current liabilities  (42,184)  (42,162)  (148,372)  (5)  (1,950)  Net assets/(liabilities)  1,987  2,408  (5,056)  765  1,357  Results  Revenue  -  -  -  -  4,293  (Loss)/Profit  for  the  financial  year  (35)  (3)  (4,966)  (1,880)  442  Total  comprehensive (loss)/profit  (35)  (3)  (4,966)  (1,880)  442  Cash flows  Cash flows (used in)/from operating  activities  (2,461)  (3,298)  (60,398)  4,943  (2,798)  Cash flows (used in)/from investing  activities  (2,060)  -  (841)  (7,913)  2,916  Cash flows from/(used in) financing  activities  4,526  3,375  53,145  3,000  (278)  Net increase/(decrease) in  cash  and  cash equivalents  5  77  (8,094)  30  (160)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

- (f) The summarised financial information before intra-group elimination of the subsidiaries that have NCI as at the end of each reporting period are as follows (cont'd):

| 2021  CKSB  RM'000  CBSB  RM'000  PSHSB  RM'000  GPSB  RM'000  SEMS  RM'000  Assets and liabilities  Non-current assets  2,000  -  415  22,174  1,581  Current assets  38,790  41,201  73,570  -  918  Non-current liabilities  -  -  (35,208)  (22,525)  (244)  Current liabilities  (40,769)  (38,790)  (38,867)  (4)  (1,340)  Net assets/(liabilities)  21  2,411  (90)  (355)  915  Results  Revenue  -  -  -  -  4,813  (Loss)/Profit  for  the  financial  year  (70)  (6)  (1,248)  (341)  405  Total  comprehensive (loss)/profit  (70)  (6)  (1,248)  (341)  405  Cash flows  Cash flows (used in)/from operating  activities  (16,936)  (19,314)  (14,253)  (9,130)  552  Cash flows (used in)/from investing  activities  -  -  (6)  9,031  (61)  Cash flows from/(used in) financing  activities  16,949  19,323  (2,347)  99  (363)  Net increase/(decrease) in  cash  and  cash equivalents  13  9  (16,606)  -  128   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(g) The  Company has assessed for indicators  of  impairment  for  its  investments  in  subsidiaries  during  the  financial year.  In  doing  this,  management  considered  the  current  environment  and  performance  of  the  Cash  Generating Units  ('CGUs').  Management  has  considered  the  losses  in  certain  subsidiaries  in  the  current  financial  year  as impairment indicators.

Management has made estimates about the future results and key assumptions applied to cash flow projections of  the  CGUs  in  determining  their  recoverable  amounts  using  the  value-in-use  model.  These  key  assumptions include revenue growth rates, expenses growth rates as well as determining an appropriate pre-tax discount rate used for subsidiaries.

| Upside  scenario  Base  scenario  Downside  scenario  Weighting  10%  60%  30%  Revenue growth rate for FY2023  101%  51%  5%  Revenue growth rate for FY2024 - FY2027  10%  5%  5%  Administrative  expenses growth rate for FY2023 - FY2027  2%  2%  2%  Operating expenses growth rate for FY2023  101%  51%  5%  Operating expenses growth rate for FY2024 - FY2027  10%  5%  5%  Pre-tax  discount  rate  6.72%  6.72%  6.72%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based  on  these  assumptions,  an  impairment  loss  of  RM1,468,000  was  recognised  during  the  financial  year,  to bring  the  carrying  amounts  to  the  recoverable  amounts  due  to  the  decline  in  operations  of  certain  subsidiaries of  the  Company.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 8. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Unquoted shares, at cost  6,000  6,000  6,000  6,000  Share of post-acquisition  profit  23,544  18,539  -  -  29,544  24,539  6,000  6,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The details  of  the  associate  are  as  follows:

| Name of company  Principal  place of  business/  Country of  incorporation  Effective  interest  in  equity  2022  %  2021  %  Principal  activity  Vistarena  Development Sdn. Bhd. ('VDSB')*  Malaysia  20  20  Property development   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Associate not audited by BDO PLT.

- (a) Investment in an associate is measured at cost less impairment losses, if any, in the separate financial statements of  the  Company and accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.
- (b)    The associate has a financial year end of 31 December. Management accounts of this associate for the financial year  ended 30 April  2022  has  been  used  for  the  purpose  of  applying  the  equity  method  of  accounting.

## 8. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (CONT'D)

(c) The summarised financial information of the associate are as follows:

| 2022  VDSB  RM'000  Assets and liabilities  Non-current assets  75  Current assets  198,986  Non-current liabilities  (12,983)  Current liabilities  (68,133)  Net assets  117,945  Results  Revenue  90,680  Profit  for  the  financial  year  25,025  Total  comprehensive income  25,025  Share of results by the Group for the financial year  Share of profit  by  the  Group  for  the  financial  year  5,005  2021  VDSB  RM'000  Assets and liabilities  Non-current assets  727  Current assets  166,819  Non-current liabilities  (14,104)  Current liabilities  (60,522)  Net assets  92,920  Results  Revenue  191,622  Profit  for  the  financial  year  54,900  Total  comprehensive income  54,900  Share of results by the Group for the financial year  Share of profit  by  the  Group  for  the  financial  year  10,980   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 8. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (CONT'D)

- (d) Reconciliation  of  the  summarised  financial  information  presented  above  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  interest in  the  associate  of  the  Group.

| 2022  VDSB  RM'000  Net assets as at  30  April  117,945  Interest  in  associate  as  at  year  end  20%  23,589  Goodwill  5,955  Carrying  value  of  Group's  interest  in  the  associate  29,544  2021  VDSB  RM'000  Net assets as at  30  April  92,920  Interest  in  associate  as  at  year  end  20%  18,584  Goodwill  5,955  Carrying  value  of  Group's  interest  in  the  associate  24,539   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. OTHER INVESTMENT

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss  Quoted shares in Malaysia, at market value  1,197  1,596  1,197  1,596   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Information on the fair value hierarchy is  disclosed  in  Note  34  to  the  financial  statements.

## 10.  GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May  2,490  2,490  Impairment loss on goodwill on consolidation  (1,733)  -  Balance as at 30 April  757  2,490   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of goodwill allocated to the Group's CGUs are as follows:

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Aluminium  -  1,733  Property development  757  757  757  2,490   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Goodwill  is  initially  measured  at  cost.  After  initial  recognition,  goodwill  is  measured  at  cost  less  accumulated impairment losses.

## (b) Impairment assessment

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  acquired  is  allocated,  from  the  acquisition  date,  to  each  of  the cash-generating units ('CGUs') of the Group that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Goodwill  is  tested  for  impairment  annually  and  at  other  times  when  such  indicators  exist.  This  requires  an estimation of  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  CGUs  to  which  goodwill  is  allocated.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 10.  GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION (CONT'D)

## (b) Impairment assessment (cont'd)

## (i) Goodwill of Aluminium CGU

The goodwill attributable to Aluminium CGU arose from the acquisition of SEMS. In performing the impairment assessment of the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to Aluminium CGU, the Group adopted the probabilityweighted cash flow approach due to the possible outcomes of the CGU's performance. The probability-weighted cash flow approach uses all expectations about possible cash flows, instead of the single most likely cash flow, which also aligns with management's internal forecasts. This cash flow projection is based on financial budget approved by management covering a one (1) year period and cash flows beyond the one (1) year period are extrapolated using the estimated sales volume growth rates and are weighted based on the following scenarios:

| 2022  Upside  scenario  Base  scenario  Downside  scenario  Weighting  10%  60%  30%  Revenue growth rate for FY2023  8%  5%  3%  Revenue growth rate for FY2024 - FY2027  3%  3%  3%  Administrative  expenses growth rate for FY2023 - FY2027  2%  2%  2%  Operating expenses growth rate for FY2023  8%  5%  3%  Operating expenses growth rate for FY2024 - FY2027  3%  3%  3%  Pre-tax  discount  rate  6.72%  6.72%  6.72%  2021  Upside  scenario  Base  scenario  Downside  scenario  Weighting  10%  60%  30%  Revenue growth rate for FY2022  44%  32%  16%  Revenue growth rate for FY2023 - FY2026  8%  8%  8%  Administrative  expenses growth rate for FY2022 - FY2026  2%  2%  2%  Operating expenses growth rate for FY2023 - FY2026  8%  8%  8%  Pre-tax  discount  rate  5.18%  5.18%  5.18%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management has assigned probability weighting to each scenario based on its expectations for the economy. Management is of the view that the probability weighting represents a reasonable assessment of the likelihood of  the  scenarios,  taking  into  account  macroeconomics  factors,  such  as  inflation  rate.

As  at  30  April  2022,  the  recoverable  amount  of  Aluminium  CGU  is  lower  than  the  carrying  amount  of  the goodwill,  therefore  management has impaired goodwill of RM1,733,000.

## 10.  GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION (CONT'D)

## (b) Impairment assessment (cont'd)

## (ii) Goodwill of Property development CGU

The goodwill attributable to Property development CGU arose from the acquisition of PSHSB. In performing the impairment assessment of the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to Property development CGU, the Group  adopted  the  probability-weighted  cash  flow  approach  due  to  the  possible  outcomes  of  the  CGU's performance. The probability-weighted cash flow approach uses all expectations about possible cash flows, instead of the single most likely cash flow, which also aligns with management's internal forecasts. This cash flow  projection  is  based  on  financial  budget  approved  by  management  covering  a  one  (1)  year  period  and cash flows beyond the one (1) year period are extrapolated using the estimated sales volume growth rates and are weighted based on the following scenarios:

| 2022  Upside  scenario  Base  scenario  Downside  scenario  Weighting  10%  60%  30%  Average selling  price  (per  square  feet)  RM355  RM343  RM332  Average administrative expenses growth rate  for  FY2023  -  FY2028  2%  2%  2%  Average development costs growth rate for FY2023 - FY2028  14%  14%  14%  Pre-tax  discount  rate  11.72%  11.72%  11.72%  2021  Upside  scenario  Base  scenario  Downside  scenario  Weighting  10%  60%  30%  Average selling  price  (per  square  feet)  RM333  RM306  RM292  Average administrative expenses growth rate for FY2022 -  FY2027  2%  2%  2%  Average development costs growth rate for FY2022 - FY2027  14%  14%  14%  Pre-tax  discount  rate  11.94%  11.94%  11.94%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 10.  GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION (CONT'D)

## (b) Impairment assessment (cont'd)

## (ii) Goodwill of Property development CGU (cont'd)

Mangement has assigned probability weighting to each scenario based on its expectations for the economy. Management is of the view that the probability weighting represents a reasonable assessment of the likelihood of  the  scenarios,  taking  into  account  macroeconomics  factors,  such  as  inflation  rate.

As  at  30  April  2022,  the  recoverable  amount  of  Property  development  CGU  was  higher  than  the  carrying amount of the goodwill, therefore no impairment loss was required.

However, the recoverable amount is sensitive to changes in certain key assumptions. The sensitivity of the impairment  assessment  to  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  each  of  the  key  inputs  with  all  other  variables held  constant  is  as  follows:

| Change in assumption  Impact  Probability  weighted  Upside scenario: 2%  Base scenario: 18%  Downside scenario: 80%  Breakeven  Development costs growth rate  Increase by 21.5%  Breakeven  Administrative  expenses growth rate  Increase by 67.5%  Breakeven  Pre-tax  discount  rate  Increase by 127%  Breakeven   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)

## (a) The deferred tax assets and liabilities  are  made  up  of  the  following:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May  (19,998)  (20,522)  (18,953)  (19,328)  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (Note  27)  (846)  524  (1,143)  375  Balance as at 30 April  (20,844)  (19,998)  (20,096)  (18,953)  Presented after appropriate offsetting:  Deferred tax assets,  net*  -  15  -  -  Deferred tax liabilities,  net*  (20,844)  (20,013)  (20,096)  (18,953)  (20,844)  (19,998)  (20,096)  (18,953)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The  amounts  of  set-off  between  deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  of  the  Group  and  of  the Company were RM6,344,000 (2021: RM5,207,000) and RM4,305,000 (2021: RM3,937,000) respectively.

## 11.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONT'D)

- (b) The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year prior to offsetting are  as  follows:

## Deferred tax assets of the Group

| Unabsorbed  tax  losses  RM'000  Unutilised  capital  allowances  RM'000  Lease  liabilities  RM'000  Allowances  RM'000  Others  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  45  300  1,784  2,173  123  4,425  Recognised in profit  or  loss  -  408  (440)  766  63  797  Balance as at 30 April 2021  45  708  1,344  2,939  186  5,222  Recognised in profit  or  loss  -  (408)  (239)  1,955  (186)  1,122  Balance as at 30 April 2022  45  300  1,105  4,894  -  6,344   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred tax liabilities  of  the  Group

| Property,  plant and  equipment  RM'000  Right-of-use  assets  RM'000  Others  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  (22,390)  (2,557)  -  (24,947)  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (733)  472  (12)  (273)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  (23,123)  (2,085)  (12)  (25,220)  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (1,773)  192  (387)  (1,968)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  (24,896)  (1,893)  (399)  (27,188)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 11.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONT'D)

- (b) The components and movements of deferred tax assets and liabilities during the financial year prior to offsetting are  as  follows  (cont'd):

## Deferred tax assets of the Company

| Lease  liabilities  RM'000  Allowances  RM'000  Others  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  1,298  1,872  125  3,295  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (458)  1,039  61  642  Balance as at 30 April 2021  840  2,911  186  3,937  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (226)  780  (186)  368  Balance as at 30 April 2022  614  3,691  -  4,305   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred tax liabilities  of  the  Company

| Property,  plant and  equipment  RM'000  Right-of-use  assets  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  (20,296)  (2,327)  (22,623)  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (739)  472  (267)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  (21,035)  (1,855)  (22,890)  Recognised in profit  or  loss  (1,693)  182  (1,511)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  (22,728)  (1,673)  (24,401)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) (CONT'D)

- (c) The amount of temporary differences for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised in the statements of  financial  position  are  as  follows:

| Group  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Unabsorbed capital allowances  641  431  Unused tax losses:  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2025  -  1,248  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2026  -  760  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2027  -  639  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2028  1,248  937  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2029  760  -  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2030  639  -  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2031  937  -  -  Expiring  on  31  December  2032  3,118  -  Other deductible temporary differences  453  528  7,796  4,543   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets of certain subsidiaries have not been recognised in respect of these items as it is not probable that  taxable  profits  of  the  subsidiaries  would  be  available  against  which  the  deductible  temporary  differences could  be  utilised.

In  the  previous  financial  year,  for  the  Malaysian  entities,  the  unused  tax  losses  up  to  the  year  of  assessment 2018 shall be deductible until year of assessment of 2025. The unused tax losses of the year of assessment 2019 onwards will expire in 7 years.

From  the  current  financial  year  onwards,  for  the  Malaysian  entities,  the  unused  tax  losses  up  to  the  year  of assessment  2019  shall  be  deductible  until  year  of  assessment  of  2029.  The  unused  tax  losses  of  the  year  of assessment 2020 onwards will expire in 10 years.

The amount and availability of these items to be carried forward up to the periods as disclosed above are subject to  the  agreement  of  the  respective  local  tax  authorities.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 12.  INVENTORIES

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  At  cost  Raw materials  81,690  35,700  73,224  27,668  Finished  goods  98,947  75,613  91,403  70,937  Consumables  3,665  3,686  3,384  3,391  Property development expenditure  (b)  204,921  71,682  -  -  389,223  186,681  168,011  101,996   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.

Cost of raw materials, finished goods and consumables are determined using the weighted average method. Cost of consumables and raw materials comprises all costs of purchase plus the cost of bringing the inventories to their existing location and condition. The cost of work of finished goods includes the cost of raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and a proportion of production overheads based on normal operating capacity of the production facilities.

Net  realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  less  the  estimated  costs  of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

Property development expenditure not recognised as an expense are recognised as an asset measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Property development expenditure comprise all costs that are directly attributable to  the  development  activities  or  that  can  be  allocated  on  a  reasonable  basis  to  such  activities.  Such  development expenditure comprises the cost of land under development, construction costs and other related development costs common to the whole project  including  professional  fees,  stamp  duties,  commissions,  conversion  fees  and  other relevant levies  as  well  as  borrowing  costs.

The Group recognises in profit or loss the property development revenue and costs by reference to the progress towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that  performance  obligation  at  the  reporting  period.  It  is  measured  based  on direct measurements of the value transferred by the Group to the purchasers and the Group's effort or inputs to the  satisfaction  of  the  performance  obligation.

Substantial changes in cost estimates can have a significant effect on the Group's profitability in future periods. In making the above judgement, the Group relies on past experience and work of specialists. There is no estimation required in determining the transaction prices as revenue from property development is based on cost plus margin.

## 12.  INVENTORIES (CONT'D)

## (b) Property development expenditure

| Group  Balance  as  at  1.5.2021  RM'000  Reclassified  from  prepayment  RM'000  Cost incurred  during the  year  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Leasehold land  40,756  38,326  3  79,085  Development costs  30,926  -  94,910  125,836  71,682  38,326  94,913  204,921  Group  Balance  as  at  1.5.2020  RM'000  Cost incurred  during the  year  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2021  RM'000  Leasehold land  40,756  -  40,756  Development costs  14,115  16,811  30,926  54,871  16,811  71,682   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Property development land of a subsidiary with carrying amount of RM40,759,000 (2021: RM40,756,000) is pledged as security for bank overdrafts and term loan granted to the subsidiary as disclosed in Note 19(e) to the financial statements.

- (c) During  the  financial  year,  inventories  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  recognised  as  cost  of  sales  amounted to  RM555,498,000 (2021: RM436,241,000) and RM518,337,000 (2021: RM402,550,000) respectively.
- (d)    Inventories  written  off  for  consumables  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  during  the  financial  year  amounting to  RM883,000 (2021: RM99,000) and RM883,000 (2021: RM94,000) respectively are included in cost of sales.
- (e)    During  the  financial  year,  the  Group  recorded  a  credit  to  profit  and  loss  pertaining  to  reversal  of  inventories written  down of  RM16,000 (2021: inventories written down of RM19,000) and is included in cost of sales.
- (f) Interest expense capitalised under property development expenditure of the Group which amounted to RM2,082,353 (2021:  RM2,973,093) bear interest  ranging  from  3.40%  to  5.45%  (2021:  3.10%  to  6.20%).
- (g) The Group and the Company writes down its obsolete or slow moving inventories of aluminium products based on an assessment of their estimated net selling price.  Inventories  are  written  down  when  events  or  changes  in circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amounts  may  not  be  recoverable.  Writing  down  of  inventories  to  net realisable  value  is  mainly  based  on  management  estimates,  which  have  been  derived  from  estimates  of  selling prices  that  are  subject  to  price  volatility  of  aluminium.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Non-current  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  (d)  -  -  54,143  62,127  Less:  Impairment  losses  (h)  -  -  (321)  (1,571)  -  -  53,822  60,556  Current  Trade receivables  Third  parties  (b)  156,233  121,945  131,855  103,319  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  (c)  -  -  9,345  786  156,233  121,945  141,200  104,105  Less:  Impairment  losses  -  third  parties  (g)  (12,726)  (6,881)  (9,443)  (3,913)  Total  trade  receivables  143,507  115,064  131,757  100,192  Other receivables  Third  parties  (e)  23,823  9,068  11,825  2,316  Deposits  740  471  297  316  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  (e)  -  -  6,488  16  24,563  9,539  18,610  2,648  Less:  Impairment  losses  -  other  receivables  (h)  (413)  (198)  -  (138)  24,150  9,341  18,610  2,510  Total  receivables  167,657  124,405  150,367  102,702  Prepayments  (l)  4,495  39,697  4,148  1,163  Total  trade  and  other  receivables  (current)  172,152  164,102  154,515  103,865  Total  trade  and  other  receivables  (non-current and current)  172,152  164,102  208,337  164,421   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

- (a) Total  receivables  are  classified  as  financial  assets  measured  at  amortised  cost.
- (b)    Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and the normal credit terms granted by the Group and the Company ranged from seven (7) to ninety (90) days (2021: seven (7) to ninety (90) days) from the date of invoice. They are recognised at their  original  invoices  amounts,  which  represent  their  fair  values  on  initial  recognition.
- (c) Current  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries  in  trade  receivables  are  trade  in  nature  and  are  subject  to  the  normal credit terms granted by the Company which ranged from seven (7) to ninety (90) days (2021: seven (7) to ninety (90) days) from the date of invoice. They are recognised at their original invoices amounts, which represent their fair  values  on  initial  recognition.
- (d) Non-current amounts owing by subsidiaries of the Company represent loan and advances, which are unsecured, bear interest at 3.4% (2021: 3.1% to 6.0%) per annum and are not repayable within the next twelve (12) months.
- (e) Current amounts owing by subsidiaries in other receivables represent advances and payments made on behalf, which are unsecured, interest-free and payable within the next twelve (12) months in cash and cash equivalents.

In addition, included in third parties in other receivables of the Group and Company represents advances paid to trade suppliers amounting to RM19,433,000 (2021: RM6,344,000) and RM11,001,000 (2021: RM1,547,000) respectively. The advances paid to trade suppliers are unsecured and interest free.

- (f) Impairment  for  trade  receivables  are  recognised  based  on  the  simplified  approach  using  the  lifetime  expected credit losses. Impairment for trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are recognised based  on  the  simplified  approach  within  MFRS  9  using  the  lifetime  expected  credit  losses.  The  Group  and  the Company consider credit  loss  experience  and  observable  data  such  as  current  changes  and  future  forecasts  in economic  conditions  by  market  segment  of  the  Group  as  identified  in  Note  4  to  the  financial  statements  to estimate  the  amount  of  expected  impairment  loss.  The  methodology  and  assumptions  including  any  forecasts of  future  economic  conditions  are  reviewed  regularly.

In  measuring  the  expected  credit  losses  on  trade  receivables,  the  probability  of  non-payment  by  the  trade receivables is adjusted by forward-looking information such as Malaysia Gross Domestic Product and aluminium price multiplied by the amount of the expected loss arising from default to determine the lifetime expected credit loss  for  the  trade  receivables.  For  trade  receivables,  which  are  reported  net,  such  impairments  are  recorded  in a  separate  impairment  account  with  the  loss  being  recognised  in  the  statements  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive  income.  On  confirmation  that  the  trade  receivable  would  not  be  collectable,  the  gross  carrying value  of  the  asset  would  be  written  off  against  the  associated  impairment.

Impairment  for  other  receivables  and  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries  are  recognised  based  on  the  general approach within MFRS 9 using the forward-looking expected credit loss model. The methodology used to determine the  amount  of  the  impairment  is  based  on  whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since initial  recognition  of  the  financial  asset.  For  those  in  which  the  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since initial  recognition  of  the  financial  asset,  twelve  month  expected  credit  losses  along  with  gross  interest  income are  recognised.  For  those  in  which  credit  risk  has  increased  significantly,  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  along with  the  gross  interest  income  are  recognised.  At  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  Group  assesses  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk for financial assets by comparing the risk for default occurring over the expected life with the risk of default since initial recognition. For those that are determined to be credit impaired,  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  along  with  interest  income  on  a  net  basis  are  recognised.

The probability of non-payment by other receivables and amounts owing by subsidiaries are adjusted by forwardlooking  information  such  as  aluminium  price  and  multiplied  by  the  amount  of  the  expected  loss  arising  from default  to  determine  the  twelve-month  or  lifetime  expected  credit  loss  for  the  other  receivables  and  amounts owing by subsidiaries.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

## (f) (cont'd)

Evidence that a financial  asset  is  credit  impaired  includes  the  following  observable  data:

- (i) Significant  financial  difficulties  of  the  debtor;
- (ii) A  breach  of  contract  such  as  a  default  or  being  more  than  365  days  past  due;
- (iii) The restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;
- (iv) It  is  probable  that  the  debtor  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial  reorganisation;  or
- (v) The disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

The Group and the Company defines significant increase in credit risk based on past due information, i.e. 60 days after  credit  term,  operating  performance  of  the  receivables,  changes  to  contractual  terms  and  payment  trends.

Individual assessment of impairment of trade receivables are separately assessed when it is probable that cash due will  not  be  received  in  full.

As at the end of the reporting period, the Group and the Company is of the view that the expected credit losses of receivables are adequate based on the analysis of probability of default by receivables and appropriate forwardlooking  information.

## (g) The reconciliation  of  movements  in  the  impairment  losses  on  trade  receivables  is  as  follows:

| Group  Lifetime  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  allowances  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2021  6,881  Charge for the financial  year  7,549  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (1,730)  Exchange differences  26  Balance as at 30 April 2022  12,726  Balance as at 1 May 2020  9,667  Charge for the financial  year  1,410  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (4,218)  Exchange differences  22  Balance as at 30 April 2021  6,881   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

(g) The reconciliation  of  movements  in  the  impairment  losses  on  trade  receivables  is  as  follows  (cont'd):

| Company  Lifetime  expected  credit  losses  ('ECL')  allowances  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2021  3,913  Charge for the financial  year  5,933  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (403)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  9,443  Balance as at 1 May 2020  6,006  Charge for the financial  year  915  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (3,008)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  3,913   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(h) The reconciliation of movements in the impairment losses on other receivables and amounts owing by subsidiaries are  as  follows:

| Group  12-month  ECL  RM'000  Lifetime ECL  not credit  impaired  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2021  198  -  198  Charge for the financial  year  353  -  353  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (138)  -  (138)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  413  -  413  Balance as at 1 May 2020  227  -  227  Charge for the financial  year  1  -  1  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (30)  -  (30)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  198  -  198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

- (h) The reconciliation of movements in the impairment losses on other receivables and amounts owing by subsidiaries are  as  follows  (cont'd):
- (i) As at the end of each reporting period, the credit risks exposures and concentration relating to trade receivables of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  are  summarised  in  the  table  below:

| Company  12-month  ECL  RM'000  Lifetime ECL  not credit  impaired  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2021  138  1,571  1,709  Charge for the financial  year  -  321  321  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (138)  (1,571)  (1,709)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  -  321  321  Balance as at 1 May 2020  138  289  427  Charge for the financial  year  -  1,571  1,571  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  -  (289)  (289)  Balance as at 30 April 2021  138  1,571  1,709   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Maximum exposure  143,507  115,064  131,757  100,192  Collateral  obtained  -  -  -  -  Net exposure to credit risk  143,507  115,064  131,757  100,192   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the financial  year,  the  Group  and  the  Company  did  not  renegotiate  the  terms  of  any  trade  receivables.

- (j) The currency exposure profile of trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments) are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Ringgit  Malaysia  147,235  111,971  195,638  157,227  United States Dollar  8,811  6,420  8,526  5,888  Singapore Dollar  11,611  6,014  25  143  167,657  124,405  204,189  163,258   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

(k) The expected credit losses of trade receivables of the Group and of the Company are as follows:

| Group  2022  Gross  carrying  amount  RM'000  Total  allowance  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Current  117,362  (953)  116,409  Past  due  1  to  30  days  18,288  (604)  17,684  31  to  60  days  11,501  (2,628)  8,873  61  to  90  days  3,592  (3,171)  421  More than 90 days  5,490  (5,370)  120  38,871  (11,773)  27,098  156,233  (12,726)  143,507  Group  2021  Gross  carrying  amount  RM'000  Total  allowance  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2021  RM'000  Current  92,770  (334)  92,436  Past  due  1  to  30  days  13,356  (279)  13,077  31  to  60  days  7,253  (486)  6,767  61  to  90  days  2,595  (373)  2,222  More than 90 days  5,971  (5,409)  562  29,175  (6,547)  22,628  121,945  (6,881)  115,064   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 13.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONT'D)

(k) The expected credit losses of trade receivables of the Group and of the Company are as follows (cont'd):

| Company  2022  Gross  carrying  amount  RM'000  Total  allowance  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Current  108,447  (58)  108,389  Past  due  1  to  30  days  15,692  (279)  15,413  31  to  60  days  10,140  (2,185)  7,955  61  to  90  days  2,795  (2,795)  -  More than 90 days  4,126  (4,126)  -  32,753  (9,385)  23,368  141,200  (9,443)  131,757  Company  2021  Gross  carrying  amount  RM'000  Total  allowance  RM'000  Balance  as  at  30.4.2021  RM'000  Current  82,430  (18)  82,412  Past  due  1  to  30  days  8,289  (11)  8,278  31  to  60  days  6,776  (14)  6,762  61  to  90  days  2,410  (11)  2,399  More than 90 days  4,200  (3,859)  341  21,675  (3,895)  17,780  104,105  (3,913)  100,192   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(l) In the previous financial year, included in the prepayments was an amount of RM38,326,000, which represented land premium paid to relevant authority by a subsidiary of the Group. On 24 June 2021, this amount has been reclassified  to  inventories  after  the  subsidiary  received  the  land  title.

(m)  Information on financial risks of trade and other receivables is disclosed in Note 35 to the financial statements.

## 14.  SHORT TERM FUND

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  At  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  Short  term  fund  28,271  27,791  28,271  27,791   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Short term fund is classified as fair value through profit or loss, and subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes  in  fair  value  being  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  The  fair  value  is  categorised  as  Level  1  in  fair  value hierarchy.  The  short  term  fund  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  is  denominated  in  Ringgit  Malaysia  ('RM').

(b) The  management assessed that the fair  value  of  the  short  term  fund  approximates  its  carrying  amount  largely due to the short term maturities of this instrument.

(c) Information on the fair value hierarchy is  disclosed  in  Note  34  to  the  financial  statements.

(d) Information on financial risks  of  short  term  fund  is  disclosed  in  Note  35  to  the  financial  statements.

## 15.  CASH AND BANK BALANCES

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Cash and bank balances  22,248  17,761  18,276  14,638  Deposits with licensed banks  8,050  18,710  5,700  16,010  30,298  36,471  23,976  30,648  Less:  Impairment  losses  -  (1)  -  -  As  reported  in  the  statements  of  financial  position  30,298  36,470  23,976  30,648  Less:  Bank  overdrafts  (Note  19)  (12,700)  (4,605)  -  -  As  reported  in  the  statements  of  cash  flows  17,598  31,865  23,976  30,648   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Cash and bank balances are classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost. The Group and the Company recognise  an  impairment  loss  allowance  for  expected  credit  losses  on  a  financial  asset  that  is  measured  at amortised cost.

The Group and the Company measure loss allowances for cash and bank balances that are determined to have low credit  risk  at  the  reporting  date  at  12-month  expected  credit  loss.

- (b) Deposits placed with licensed banks of the Group and the Company have maturity periods of up to 30 days (2021: up  to  30  days)  with  interest  rates  of  1.15%  to  1.57%  (2021:  1.20%  to  1.63%)  and  1.15%  to  1.53%  (2021:  1.20%  to 1.63%) per annum respectively.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 15.  CASH AND BANK BALANCES (CONT'D)

(c) The currency exposure profile of cash and bank balances are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Ringgit  Malaysia  19,054  26,411  14,958  22,831  United States Dollar  9,017  7,812  9,000  7,793  Singapore Dollar  2,213  2,242  4  19  Others  14  5  14  5  30,298  36,470  23,976  30,648   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(d) The reconciliation  of  movements  in  the  impairment  losses  on  cash  and  bank  balances  are  as  follows:

| Group  12-month ECL  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May  1  1  Reversal  of  impairment  loss  (1)  -  Balance as at 30 April  -  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(e) Information on financial risks  of  cash  and  bank  balances  is  disclosed  in  Note  35  to  the  financial  statements.

## 16.  ASSET  CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE

On  17  May  2021,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the  Group  entered  into  a  Tripartite  Sale  and  Purchase  Agreement ('TSPA') with Top Parts Electronics (M) Sdn. Bhd. ('TPESB') and the existing tenant of the property, Facade Treatment Engineering Sdn. Bhd. ('FTESB') for the disposal of a parcel of freehold land together with all those industrial buildings and  structures  erected  thereon  within  Lot  755,  Jalan  Subang  3,  Sungai  Penaga  Industrial  Park,  47610  Subang  Jaya, Selangor Darul Ehsan held under title No. GM80, Lot 755 in Mukim of Damansara, District of Petaling, Negeri Selangor Darul  Ehsan,  for  a  total  purchase  consideration  of  RM31,000,000.  The  freehold  land  and  buildings  were  reclassified to  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  MFRS  5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations in  the  previous  financial  year.

| Group  RM'000  Balance as at 1 May 2020  -  Reclassification  from  investment  property  24,672  Balance as at 30 April 2021  24,672  Disposal  (24,672)  Balance as at 30 April 2022  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The disposal was completed on 30 December 2021.

## 17.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Group and Company  2022  2021  Number  of  shares  ('000)  Amount  RM'000  Number  of  shares  ('000)  Amount  RM'000  Ordinary  shares  issued  and  fully  paid  with  no  par  value  -  At  beginning  of  the  year  248,486  125,771  248,486  125,771  -  Effect  of  bonus  issue  186,365  -  -  -  At  end  of  financial  year  434,851  125,771  248,486  125,771   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On  6  July  2021,  the  Company  announced  to  undertake  a  proposed  bonus  issue  of  up  to  186,364,750  new  ordinary shares in the Company ('Bonus Shares') to be credited as fully paid-up, on the basis of three (3) Bonus Shares for every four  (4)  existing  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  ('Bonus  Issue').  The  Bonus  Issue  was  completed  on  30  August  2021.

The  owners  of  the  parent  are  entitled  to  receive  dividends  as  and  when  declared  by  the  Company  and  are  entitled to  one  (1)  vote  per  ordinary  share  at  meetings  of  the  Company.  All  ordinary  shares  rank  pari  passu  with  regard  to the  residual  assets  of  the  Company.

## 18.  RESERVES

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Exchange translation reserve  4,678  4,514  -  -  Retained earnings  232,404  201,553  174,645  150,910  237,082  206,067  174,645  150,910   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Exchange translation reserve

Exchange translation reserve is used to record foreign currency exchange differences arising from the translation of the  financial  statements  of  foreign  operation  whose  functional  currency  is  different  from  that  of  the  presentation currency  of  the  Group.  It  is  also  used  to  record  the  exchange  differences  arising  from  monetary  items  which  form part of the net investment in foreign operation of the Group, where the monetary item is denominated in either the functional  currency  of  the  reporting  entity  or  the  foreign  operation.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 19.  BORROWINGS

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Non-current liabilities  Secured  Term loan  25,720  33,260  -  -  Unsecured  Term loan  4,440  5,920  4,440  5,920  20  30,160  39,180  4,440  5,920  Current liabilities  Secured  Bank overdrafts  12,700  4,605  -  -  Term loan  20  6,960  1,740  -  -  Unsecured  Bankers'  acceptances  183,880  109,680  181,180  106,060  Revolving credits  25,000  32,000  25,000  32,000  Term loans  20  1,480  1,480  1,480  1,480  230,020  149,505  207,660  139,540  Total  borrowings  Bank overdrafts  15  12,700  4,605  -  -  Bankers'  acceptances  183,880  109,680  181,180  106,060  Revolving credits  25,000  32,000  25,000  32,000  Term loans  20  38,600  42,400  5,920  7,400  260,180  188,685  212,100  145,460   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Borrowings are classified as  financial  liabilities  measured  at  amortised  cost.

(b) All  borrowings  are  denominated  in  Ringgit  Malaysia.

## 19.  BORROWINGS (CONT'D)

- (c) The borrowings of the Group and of the Company bear the following interest rates per annum:
- (d) Bankers' acceptances and revolving credits are restricted by negative pledges. In addition, the bankers' acceptances of  a  subsidiary  are  guaranteed  by  a  corporate  guarantee  given  by  the  holding  company.
- (e)    The bank overdrafts of RM12,700,000 (2021: RM4,605,000) and term loan of RM32,680,000 (2021: RM35,000,000) are  secured  by:
- (i) open  all  monies  first  party  first  legal  charge  over  a  leasehold  land  held  under  Lot  103836  Bandar  Tasik Selatan,  Mukim  Petaling,  Daerah  Kuala  Lumpur,  Negeri  Wilayah  Persekutuan  as  disclosed  in  Note  12(b)  to the  financial  statements;
- (ii)    open all  monies  general  debenture  over  Pembinaan  Serta  Hebat  Sdn.  Bhd.'s  present  and  future  assets;
- (iii)    open all monies assignment over surplus proceeds of the proposed development and charge over designated Housing Development Account; and
- (iv)    a  joint  and  several  guarantee  by  a  Director  of  Pembinaan  Serta  Hebat  Sdn.  Bhd.
- (f) Information on financial risks  of  borrowings  is  disclosed  in  Note  35  to  the  financial  statements.

| Group  Company  2022  %  2021  %  2022  %  2021  %  Bank overdrafts  6.45  7.70  -  -  Bankers'  acceptances  2.34  -  3.12  2.20  -  3.34  2.34  -  3.12  2.20  -  3.34  Revolving credits  3.07  -  3.76  2.94  -  6.01  3.07  -  3.76  2.94  -  6.01  Term loans  4.49  -  5.64  4.49  -  6.20  4.49  4.49   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 20.  TERM LOANS

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Term loan I,  repayable  in  5  years  instalments  of  RM1,480,000, commenced on 1 December 2020 and  expiring  on  1  December  2025  5,920  7,400  5,920  7,400  Term loan II,  repayable  in  60  months  instalments  of  RM580,000 for first 59 months followed by  RM780,000 for last instalment commenced on 1  January  2022  and  expiring  on  1  January  2027  32,680  35,000  -  -  38,600  42,400  5,920  7,400  Current liability  -  not  later  than  one  (1)  year  8,440  3,220  1,480  1,480  Non-current liability  -  later  than  one  (1)  year  but  not  later  than  five  (5)  years  30,160  39,180  4,440  5,920  38,600  42,400  5,920  7,400   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Fair value of term loans of the Group and of the Company are categorised as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. There is  no  transfer  between  levels  in  the  hierarchy  during  the  financial  year.

## 21.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Non-current  Other payable  Amount owing to a corporate shareholder  of  a  subsidiary  (e)  14,561  9,271  -  -  Current  Trade payables  Third  parties  (b)  86,690  42,358  39,478  34,282  Related  party  (c)  12,653  11,726  6,650  7,871  99,343  54,084  46,128  42,153  Other payables  Third  parties  14,436  10,823  12,556  8,904  Accruals  10,365  9,941  9,279  8,887  Deposits received  8,268  7,082  8,209  6,572  Amounts owing to Directors of subsidiaries  (d)  622  622  -  -  Amounts owing to subsidiaries  (d)  -  -  4,977  1,190  Amounts owing to related parties  (d)  48,060  26,741  -  -  81,751  55,209  35,021  25,553  Total  trade  and  other  payables  (current)  181,094  109,293  81,149  67,706  Total  trade  and  other  payables  (non-current and current)  195,655  118,564  81,149  67,706   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Trade and other payables are classified as financial liabilities  measured  at  amortised  cost.

(b) Trade payables are non-interest bearing and the normal trade credit terms granted to the Group and the Company are  seven  (7)  to  ninety  (90)  days  (2021:  seven  (7)  to  ninety  (90)  days)  from  the  date  of  invoice.

(c) The  amount  owing  to  a  related  party  is  unsecured,  non-interest  bearing  and  the  trade  credit  terms  granted  to the Group and the Company are seven (7) to ninety (90) days (2021: seven (7) to ninety (90) days) from the date of  invoice.  The  relationship  with  the  above  related  party  is  as  disclosed  in  Note  31  to  the  financial  statements.

- (d) Non-trade  amounts  owing  to  Directors  of  subsidiaries  and  amounts  owing  to  subsidiaries  represent  advances and  payments  made  on  behalf,  which  are  unsecured,  interest-free  and  payable  upon  demand,  except  for  an amount owing to a related party, Platinum Victory Development Sdn. Bhd. of RM48,059,874 (2021: RM23,294,311) which bears interest at 3.4% (2021: 3.1%) per annum.

(e) Non-current amount owing to a corporate shareholder of a subsidiary represents advances, which are unsecured, bears interest  at  3.4%  (2021:  3.1%)  per  annum  and  is  not  repayable  within  the  next  twelve  (12)  months.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 21.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONT'D)

- (f) The currency exposure profile of trade and other payables are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Ringgit  Malaysia  167,866  104,839  59,858  54,083  United States Dollar  21,164  12,842  21,164  12,967  Singapore Dollar  6,498  757  -  530  Others  127  126  127  126  195,655  118,564  81,149  67,706   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(g) Information on financial risks  of  trade  and  other  payables  is  disclosed  in  Note  35  to  the  financial  statements.

## 22.  DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

| Group and Company  2022  2021  Contract/  Notional  amount  Net short  RM'000  Liabilities  RM'000  Contract/  Notional  amount  Net short  RM'000  Liabilities  RM'000  Forward foreign exchange contracts  -  -  (12,638)  31   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The  Group  and  the  Company  classified  derivative  financial  instruments  as  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through profit  or  loss  and  subsequently  remeasured  to  fair  value  with  changes  in  fair  value  being  recognised  in  profit  or loss.

- (b)    Forward currency contracts had been entered to operationally hedge purchases denominated in foreign currency that  were  expected  to  realise  or  occur  at  various  dates  within  one  (1)  month  from  the  end  of  the  reporting period.  The  forward  currency  contracts  had  maturity  dates  that  coincide  with  the  expected  occurrence  of  these transactions.  The  fair  value  of  these  components  had  been  determined  based  on  the  difference  between  the contracted rate and the forward exchange rate as applicable to a contract of similar amount and maturity profile at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.
- (c) The  Group  and  the  Company  had  recorded  a  credit  to  profit  or  loss  pertaining  to  fair  value  on  derivative instruments as disclosed in Note 26 to the financial statements.
- (d) Information of the fair  value  hierarchy  is  disclosed  in  Note  34  to  the  financial  statements.
- (e) Information on financial risks of derivative financial liabilities is disclosed in Note 35 to the financial statements.

## 23.  REVENUE

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  Recognised at point in time:  Sales  of  goods  685,184  525,718  631,589  473,816  Test  rig  services  1,076  1,179  -  -  Engineering services  356  278  -  -  686,616  527,175  631,589  473,816   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable. The following describes the performance obligations  in  contracts  with  customers:

## (a)    Sale  of  goods

Revenue  from  sales  of  goods  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  goods  have  been  transferred  to  the customers and coincides with the delivery of goods and acceptance by customers.

There is  no  material  right  of  return  and  warranty  provided  to  the  customers  on  the  sale  of  goods.

## (b)    Test  rig  and  engineering  services

Revenue  from  services  rendered  is  recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  services  have  been  rendered  to  the customers and coincides with the delivery of services and acceptance by customers.

- (c) There is no significant financing component in the revenue arising from sales of products and services rendered as  the  products  and  services  are  made  on  the  normal  credit  terms  not  exceeding  twelve  (12)  months.
- (d) Disaggregation  of  revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  has  been  presented  in  the  operating  segments,  Note 4 to the financial statements, which has been presented based on products and services and geographical location from which the sale transactions originated.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 24.  OTHER OPERATING INCOME

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Dividend income from:  -  other  investment  47  42  47  42  -  subsidiaries  -  -  4,474  1,060  Gain on disposal of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  31  -  31  347  -  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  4,204  -  -  -  Interest  income  from:  -  deposits  with  licensed  banks  884  785  663  733  -  amounts owing by subsidiaries  -  -  2,012  2,820  Insurance claim recovery  306  -  306  -  Management service income from subsidiaries  -  -  721  719  Realised  gain  on  foreign  exchange  56  18  33  -  Rental  income  735  1,553  367  354  Fair  value  gain  on  derivative  instruments  31  -  31  -  Fair  value  gain  on  on  short  term  fund  87  -  87  -  Fair  value  gain  on  other  investment  -  745  -  745  Sundry income  1,164  2,269  774  1,403  Unrealised gain on foreign exchange  1,360  -  1,349  -  8,905  5,412  10,895  8,223   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Dividend income

Dividend income is recognised when the shareholder's right to receive payment is established.

## (b) Management fee

The provision of management fee is recognised when services are rendered.

## (c) Interest  income

Interest  income  is  recognised  as  it  accrues,  using  the  effective  interest  method.

## (d) Rental  income

Rental  income  is  accounted  for  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  term  of  an  ongoing  lease.

## 25.  FINANCE COSTS

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Fair  value  adjustment  on  non-current  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries  -  -  2,454  3,379  Interest  expense  on:  -    amount  owing  to  a  corporate  shareholder  of  a  subsidiary  335  301  -  -  -  bank  overdrafts  627  32  1  2  -  bankers'  acceptances  3,582  2,666  3,482  2,567  -  term  loans  459  120  310  114  -  lease  liabilities  175  219  198  276  -  related  party  861  600  -  -  -  revolving  credits  917  1,331  917  1,331  6,956  5,269  7,362  7,669   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  PROFIT BEFORE TAX

Other  than  those  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  financial  statements,  profit  before  tax  is  arrived  at  after  charging/ (crediting):

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Auditors'  remuneration:  -  current  year  -  BDO PLT  163  145  85  81  -  other  auditors  71  70  -  -  -  over-provision  in  prior  years  (4)  (3)  (2)  (2)  -  other  service  3  3  3  3  Bad debts written off  1,565  -  410  -  Fair  value  (gain)/loss  on:  -  derivative  instruments  (31)  31  (31)  31  -  other  investment  399  (745)  399  (745)  -  short  term  fund  (87)  -  (87)  -  Impairment losses on:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  331  -  -  -  -  goodwill  on  consolidation  1,733  -  -  -  -  investments  in  subsidiaries  -  -  1,468  -  Other receivables written off  -  189  -  189  Net (gain)/loss  on  disposal  of:  -  property,  plant  and  equipment  (31)  10  (31)  (338)  -  asset  classified  as  held  for  sale  (4,204)  -  -  -  Net (gain)/loss  on  foreign  exchange:  -  realised  (25)  590  (33)  584  -  unrealised  (1,360)  268  (1,349)  256   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 26.  PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONT'D)

Other than those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) (cont'd):

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Rental  expenses on:  -  premises  16  40  16  34  -  forklift  and  other  equipment  31  39  29  37  Impairment losses on:  -  Trade  and  other  receivables  (Note  13)  7,902  1,411  5,933  915  -  Amounts owing by subsidiaries (Note 13)  -  -  321  1,571  7,902  1,411  6,254  2,486  Reversal  of  impairment  losses  on:  -  Trade  and  other  receivables  (Note  13)  (1,868)  (4,248)  (541)  (3,008)  -  Amounts owing by subsidiaries (Note 13)  -  -  (1,571)  (289)  (1,868)  (4,248)  (2,112)  (3,297)  Net losses/(gains)  on  impairment  of  financial  assets  6,034  (2,837)  4,142  (811)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  TAX  EXPENSE

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Current tax expense based on profit for the financial  year:  Malaysian income tax  14,313  9,450  12,050  7,129  Foreign income tax  98  358  -  -  14,411  9,808  12,050  7,129  Over-provision in  prior  years  Malaysian income tax  (2,427)  (713)  (2,203)  (680)  Foreign income tax  -  (115)  -  -  (2,427)  (828)  (2,203)  (680)  11,984  8,980  9,847  6,449  Deferred tax (Note 11):  Relating  to  origination  and  reversal  of  temporary  differences  (1,267)  (960)  (920)  (1,057)  Under-provision in prior  years  2,113  436  2,063  682  846  (524)  1,143  (375)  12,830  8,456  10,990  6,074   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  TAX  EXPENSE (CONT'D)

- (a) Malaysian  income  tax  is  calculated  at  the  statutory  tax  rate  of  twenty-four  percent  (24%)  (2021:  24%)  of  the estimated taxable profits  for  the  fiscal  year.
- (b) Tax expense for other taxation authorities are calculated at the rates prevailing in those respective jurisdictions.
- (c) The  numerical  reconciliations  between  the  tax  expense  and  the  product  of  accounting  profit  multiplied  by  the applicable  tax  rates  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  are  as  follows:
- (d) Tax on each component of other comprehensive income is as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Profit  before  tax  51,368  49,017  45,596  26,517  Tax at  Malaysian  statutory  tax  rate  of  24%  (2021:  24%)  12,328  11,764  10,943  6,364  Tax effects  in  respect  of:  Non-taxable income  (2,391)  (1,795)  (1,843)  (854)  Non-deductible expenses  3,642  2,945  2,030  1,574  Utilisation  of  investment  tax  allowance  -  (1,012)  -  (1,012)  Utilisation  of  deferred  tax  assets  not  recognised  in  prior  years  -  (188)  -  -  Effects  of  different  tax  rate  in  foreign  jurisdiction  (15)  (230)  -  -  Effects  of  share  of  profit  of  an  associate  (1,201)  (2,636)  -  -  Deferred tax assets not recognised  781  -  -  -  (Over)/Under provision in prior  years:  -  tax  expense  (2,427)  (828)  (2,203)  (680)  -  deferred  tax  2,113  436  2,063  682  12,830  8,456  10,990  6,074   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Group  Before tax  RM'000  Tax effect  RM'000  After  tax  RM'000  2022  Foreign  currency  translations  164  -  164  2021  Foreign  currency  translations  92  -  92   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(e) In the previous financial year, the Group and the Company were entitled to claim investment tax allowance under Section 127 (3A) of Income Tax Act, 1967. Investment tax allowance of RM4,217,000 was claimed in the previous financial  year.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 28.  EARNINGS PER ORDINARY SHARE

## (a) Basic

Basic earnings per ordinary share for the financial year is calculated by dividing the profit for the financial year attributable to owners of the parent by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial  year.

| Group  2022  2021  Profit  for  the  financial  year  attributable  to  owners  of  the  parent  (RM'000)  41,722  41,209  Average number of ordinary shares in issue at the beginning of financial  year  ('000)  248,486  248,486  Effect  of:  -  Issuance  of  ordinary  shares  pursuant  to  bonus  issue  completed  on 30 August 2021 ('000)  186,365  186,365  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000)*  434,851  434,851  Basic  earnings  per  ordinary  share  (sen)  9.59  9.48   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The  weighted  average  number  of  shares  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2021  had  included  the  effect of  Bonus  Issue.

## (b) Diluted

The diluted earnings per ordinary share equal basic earnings per ordinary share because there were no potential dilutive  ordinary  shares  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

## 29.  DIVIDENDS

| Group and Company  2022  2021  Dividend  per share  sen  Amount of  dividend  RM'000  Dividend  per share  sen  Amount of  dividend  RM'000  In  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2021:  Single  tier  final  dividend,  paid  on  16  November  2021  2.50  10,871  -  -  In  respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2020:  Single  tier  final  dividend,  paid  on  16  October  2020  -  -  1.00  2,485   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  the  forthcoming  Annual  General  Meeting,  a  first  and  final  single  tier  dividend  of  2.50  sen  per  ordinary  share amounting to RM10,871,267 in respect of the current financial year will be proposed for shareholders' approval. The financial  statements  for  the  current  financial  year  do  not  reflect  this  proposed  dividend.  Such  dividend,  if  approved by  the  shareholders,  will  be  accounted  for  in  shareholders'  equity  as  an  appropriation  of  retained  profits  in  the financial  year  ending  30  April  2023.

## 30.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Wages, salaries  and  bonuses  40,884  38,433  33,673  31,578  Defined contribution plan  3,467  3,207  2,916  2,684  Social  security  contributions  413  379  358  328  Others  3,298  3,351  2,935  2,986  48,062  45,370  39,882  37,576   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

## (a) Identities  of  related  parties

Parties  are  considered  to  be  related  to  the  Group  if  the  Group  has  the  ability,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  control the  party  or  exercise  significant  influence  over  the  party  in  making  financial  and  operating  decisions,  or  vice versa, or where the Group and the party are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties  could  be  individuals  or  other  entities.

Related  parties  of  the  Group  include:

- (i) direct  and  indirect  subsidiaries  as  disclosed  in  Note  7  to  the  financial  statements;
- (ii) an associate as disclosed in  Note  8  to  the  financial  statements;
- (iii) corporate shareholder of a subsidiary as disclosed in Note 21 to the financial statements;
- (iv) companies in which the Directors of the Company have substantial financial interests;
- (v) A-Rank Berhad is a related party to the Group, whereby Tan Sri Datuk Leow Chong Howa, Leow Vinzie and Leow Vinken are the Directors of A-Rank Berhad; and
- (vi) key management personnel are defined as those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group either directly or indirectly. The key management personnel include  the  Executive  Directors  of  the  Group.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONT'D)

- (b) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  elsewhere  in  the  financial  statements,  the  Group  and  the  Company  had the  following  transactions  with  the  related  parties  during  the  financial  year:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Sales  of  products  to  subsidiaries:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Singapore)  Pte.  Ltd.  -  -  47,087  29,428  -  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  578  1,114  -  ALBE  Marketing  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  458  715  -  ALBE  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  3,153  2,994  -  Facade  Performance Lab Sdn. Bhd.  -  -  -  2  -  SEMS  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  5  49  Purchases of products from subsidiaries:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (7,783)  (5,682)  -  ALBE  Marketing  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (463)  (303)  -  ALBE  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (314)  (511)  -  SEMS  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (3,923)  (4,518)  Sales  of  dies  to  a  subsidiary:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  496  467  Management and administrative fees from  subsidiaries:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  300  300  -  LB  Aluminium  (Singapore)  Pte.  Ltd.  -  -  193  191  -  ALBE  Marketing  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  72  72  -  ALBE  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  72  72  -  Facade  Performance Lab Sdn. Bhd.  -  -  24  24  -  SEMS  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  60  60  Rental  of  premises  paid  to  a  related  party:  -  Ritecorp  Sdn.  Bhd.  (60)  (60)  (60)  (60)  Dividend income from subsidiaries:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Singapore)  Pte.  Ltd.  -  -  924  610  -  Rank  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  100  100  -  Poly  Acres  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  450  350  -  ALBE  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  3,000  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONT'D)

- (b) In  addition  to  the  transactions  detailed  elsewhere  in  the  financial  statements,  the  Group  and  the  Company  had the  following  transactions  with  the  related  parties  during  the  financial  year  (cont'd):

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Interest  income  from  subsidiaries:  -  LB  Aluminium  (Sarawak)  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  15  268  -  ALBE  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  486  1,500  -  Citajaya  Kuasa  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  700  624  -  Greentech  Paramount Sdn. Bhd.  -  -  811  428  Rental  income  from  subsidiaries:  -  Facade  Performance Lab Sdn. Bhd.  -  -  53  53  -  SEMS  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  144  144  Rental  of  premises  paid  to  subsidiaries:  -  Poly  Acres  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (560)  (560)  -  Omega Pesona Sdn. Bhd.  -  -  (341)  (341)  -  Rank  Metal  Sdn.  Bhd.  -  -  (159)  (159)  Interest  expense  paid  to  a  corporate  shareholder  of  a  subsidiary:  -  MW Urban Development Sdn. Bhd.  (335)  (301)  -  -  Interest  expense  paid  to  a  related  party:  -  Platinum  Victory  Development  Sdn.  Bhd.  (1,032)  (600)  -  -  Purchases of products from a related party:  -  Formosa Shyen Horng Metal Sdn. Bhd.  (163,885)  (124,570)  (144,393)  (111,223)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The related party transactions described above were carried out on agreed contractual terms and conditions and in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  between  the  related  parties  of  the  Group  and  the  Company.

Information  regarding  outstanding  balances  arising  from  related  party  transactions  as  at  30  April  2022  are disclosed  in  Notes  13  and  21  to  the  financial  statements.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONT'D)

## (c) Compensation of key management personnel

Key management personnel are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly and indirectly, including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company.

The remuneration of Directors and other key management personnel during the financial year were as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  ## (i) Directors  Directors  of  the  Company  Executive  Directors:  Short-term employee benefits:  -  fees  160  160  160  160  -  salaries,  bonuses  and  other  benefits*  3,681  3,243  2,878  2,764  -  defined  contribution  plan  386  312  334  312  4,227  3,715  3,372  3,236  Non-Executive Directors:  -  fees  240  240  240  240  -  other  benefits  23  22  23  22  Total  4,490  3,977  3,635  3,498  Directors  of  the  subsidiaries  Executive  Directors:  Short-term employee benefits:  -  salaries,  bonuses  and  other  benefits*  1,122  1,393  -  -  -  defined  contribution  plan  130  173  -  -  1,252  1,566  -  -  Non-Executive Director:  -  fees  240  -  -  -  Total  1,492  1,566  -  -  Total  Directors'  remuneration  5,982  5,543  3,635  3,498   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31.  RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (CONT'D)

## (c) Compensation of key management personnel (cont'd)

The  remuneration  of  Directors  and  other  key  management  personnel  during  the  financial  year  were  as  follows (cont'd):

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  (ii)  Other key management personnel  Short-term employee benefits  811  729  811  729  Defined contribution plan  96  91  96  91  Total  compensation for other  key  management personnel  907  820  907  820   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Salaries, bonuses and other benefits included bonus paid during the financial year.

The  estimated  monetary  value  of  benefits-in-kind  provided  by  the  Group  and  the  Company  to  the  Directors  of the  Company were RM73,400 (2021: RM48,700).

## 32.  COMMITMENTS

## (a) Operating lease commitment

The Group and the Company as a lessor

Non-cancellable operating lease receivable are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Not later  than  one  (1)  year  46  671  46  46  Later  than  one  (1)  year  but  not  later  than  five  (5)  years  -  -  -  -  46  671  46  46   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 32.  COMMITMENTS (CONT'D)

(b) Capital  commitments not provided for in the financial statements are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  In  respect  of  purchase  of  property,  plant  and  equipment:  Contracted but not provided for  1,816  222  1,816  222  Approved but not contracted for  9,203  12,557  9,203  12,557  11,019  12,779  11,019  12,779   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33.  CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

| Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Corporate guarantees given to banks for credit facilities  granted  to  subsidiaries  -  unsecured  -  Limit  of  guarantee  9,200  14,100  -  Amount utilised  2,700  3,620  Corporate guarantees given to third parties for supplies of goods and services to a  subsidiary  -  unsecured  -  Limit  of  guarantee  2,000  2,000  -  Amount utilised  -  95   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group designates corporate guarantees given to banks for credit facilities granted to subsidiaries and third parties for  supplies  of  goods  and  services  to  a  subsidiary  as  insurance  contracts  as  defined  in  MFRS  4 Insurance Contracts . The Group recognises these insurance contracts as recognised insurance liabilities when there is a present obligation, legal or constructive, as a result of a past event, when it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits would be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The Directors are of the view that the chances of the banks and the third parties to call upon the corporate guarantees are  remote.

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## (a) Capital  management

The primary objective of the capital management of the Group and of the Company is to ensure that entities of the  Group would be able to continue as a going concern whilst maximising the return to shareholders through the  optimisation  of  the  debt  and  equity  ratio.  The  overall  strategy  of  the  Group  remains  unchanged  from  that in  the  previous  financial  year.

The  Group  and  the  Company  manage  their  capital  structure  and  make  adjustments  to  it  in  response  to  changes in  economic  conditions.  In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  and  the  Company  may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the financial years ended 30 April 2022 and 30 April 2021.

The  Group  and  the  Company  monitor  capital  using  a  gearing  ratio,  which  is  net  debt  divided  by  total  capital. The  Group  and  the  Company  regularly  reviews  the  gearing  ratio  to  ensure  they  are  at  acceptable  levels  and within  industry  norms.  Net  debts  are  calculated  as  total  borrowings  and  lease  liabilities  owing  to  financial institutions less short term fund and cash and bank balances. Capital represents equity attributable to the owners of  the  parent.  A  detailed  calculation  of  the  net  debt  is  shown  below:

| Note  Group  Company  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  2022  RM'000  2021  RM'000  Borrowings  19  260,180  188,685  212,100  145,460  Lease liabilities  owing  to  financial  institutions  6  188  222  -  -  Less:  -  Short  term  fund  14  (28,271)  (27,791)  (28,271)  (27,791)  -  Cash  and  bank  balances  15  (30,298)  (36,470)  (23,976)  (30,648)  Net debt  201,799  124,646  159,853  87,021  Total  capital  362,853  331,838  300,416  276,681  Gearing ratio  56%  38%  53%  31%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  Practice  Note  No.  17/2005  of  the  Main  Market  Listing  Requirements  of  Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad, the Group is required to maintain a consolidated shareholders' equity of more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the issued and paid-up capital and such shareholders' equity is not less than RM40.0 million.  The  Group  has  complied  with  this  requirement  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022.

The Group is not subject to any other externally imposed capital requirements.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (b) Categories of  financial  instruments

| Group  Amortised  cost  RM'000  Fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  RM'000  Total  RM'000  2022  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, net of prepayments  167,657  -  167,657  Short  term  fund  -  28,271  28,271  Cash and bank balances  30,298  -  30,298  Other investment  -  1,197  1,197  197,955  29,468  227,423  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  195,655  -  195,655  Borrowings  260,180  -  260,180  455,835  -  455,835  2021  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, net of prepayments  124,405  -  124,405  Short  term  fund  -  27,791  27,791  Cash and bank balances  36,470  -  36,470  Other investment  -  1,596  1,596  160,875  29,387  190,262  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  118,564  -  118,564  Borrowings  188,685  -  188,685  Derivative  financial  liabilities  -  31  31  307,249  31  307,280   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (b) Categories of  financial  instruments  (cont'd)

| Company  Amortised  cost  RM'000  Fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  RM'000  Total  RM'000  2022  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, net of prepayments  204,189  -  204,189  Short  term  fund  -  28,271  28,271  Cash and bank balances  23,976  -  23,976  Other investment  -  1,197  1,197  228,165  29,468  257,633  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  81,149  -  81,149  Borrowings  212,100  -  212,100  293,249  -  293,249  2021  Financial assets  Trade and other receivables, net of prepayments  163,258  -  163,258  Short  term  fund  -  27,791  27,791  Cash and bank balances  30,648  -  30,648  Other investment  -  1,596  1,596  193,906  29,387  223,293  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  67,706  -  67,706  Borrowings  145,460  -  145,460  Derivative  financial  liabilities  -  31  31  213,166  31  213,197   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (c)    Methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value

The fair  values  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  determined  as  follows:

- (i) Financial  instruments  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  and  whose  carrying  amounts  are  a  reasonable approximation of fair value.

The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, such as trade and other receivables, current portion of amounts owing by subsidiaries, trade and other payables and borrowings, are reasonable approximation of  fair  value  either  due  to  their  short-term  nature  or  that  they  are  floating  rate  instruments  that  are  repriced  to  market  interest  rates  on  or  near  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

The  carrying  amounts  of  the  current  portion  of  borrowings  are  reasonable  approximations  of  fair  values due to the insignificant  impact  of  discounting.

- (ii) Non-current  amounts  owing  by  subsidiaries,  non-current  amount  owing  to  a  corporate  shareholder  of  a subsidiary  and  long-term  borrowing.

The fair  values  of  these  financial  instruments  are  estimated  by  discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows at  market  incremental  borrowing  rates  for  similar  types  of  lending  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.

- (iii) Short  term  fund  and  other  investment

The  fair  values  of  short  term  fund  and  other  investment  are  determined  by  reference  to  the  exchange quoted market bid price at the close of the business at the end of each reporting period.

- (iv) Derivative  financial  liabilities

The fair value of the derivatives are determined by using mark-to-market values at the end of the reporting date  and  changes  in  the  fair  value  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.

## (d) Fair  value  hierarchy

Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets  or  liabilities.

Level  2  fair  value  measurements  are  those  derived  from  inputs  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).

Fair value, which is determined for disclosure purposes, is calculated based on the present value of non-derivative financial  liabilities  of  future  principal  and  interest  cash  flows,  discounted  at  the  market  rate  of  interest  at  the end of the reporting  period.

Level  3  fair  value  measurements  are  those  derived  from  inputs  for  the  asset  or  liability  that  are  not  based  on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (d) Fair  value  hierarchy  (cont'd)

The significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value measurement of Level 3 financial instruments as  well  as  the  relationship  between  key  unobservable  inputs  and  fair  value,  is  detailed  in  the  table  below:

| Financial instrument  Valuation  technique used  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Inter-relationship between key  unobservable inputs  and fair value  Financial  assets  Non-current amounts owing  by  subsidiaries  Discounted cash flows  method  Discount rates 3.4%  (2021:  3.1%  -  6.0%)  The higher the discount rate, the  lower the fair  value  of  the  assets  would be.  Financial  liability  Non-current amount owing to a  corporate shareholder of a subsidiary  Discounted cash flows  method  Discount rates 3.4%  (2021:  3.1%)  The higher the discount rate, the  lower the fair  value  of  the  liability  would  be.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets out the financial instruments carried at fair value and those not carried at fair value for which  fair  value  is  disclosed,  together  with  their  fair  value  and  carrying  amount  shown  in  the  statements  of financial  position.

| Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  carried at fair  value  Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  not carried at fair value  Total  fair  Carrying  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  value  amount  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Financial assets  Financial assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  Other investment  -    quoted  shares  in Malaysia  1,197  -  -  -  -  -  1,197  1,197  Short  term  fund  28,271  -  -  -  -  -  28,271  28,271  Financial liabilities  Term loans  -  -  -  -  35,124  -  35,124  38,600  Non-current amount  owing to a corporate  shareholder of a  subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  14,082  14,082  14,561   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (d) Fair  value  hierarchy  (cont'd)

The following table sets out the financial instruments carried at fair value and those not carried at fair value for which  fair  value  is  disclosed,  together  with  their  fair  value  and  carrying  amount  shown  in  the  statements  of financial  position.  (cont'd)

| Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  carried at fair  value  Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  not carried at fair value  Total  fair  Carrying  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  value  amount  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2021  Financial assets  Financial assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  Other investment  -    quoted  shares  in  Malaysia  1,596  -  -  -  -  -  1,596  1,596  Short  term  fund  27,791  -  -  -  -  -  27,791  27,791  Financial liabilities  Term loans  -  -  -  -  34,245  -  34,245  42,400  Non-current amount  owing to a corporate  shareholder of a  subsidiary  -  -  -  -  -  8,460  8,460  9,271  Derivative  financial  liabilities  -    forward  currency  contracts  -  31  -  -  -  -  31  31   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (d) Fair  value  hierarchy  (cont'd)

The following table sets out the financial instruments carried at fair value and those not carried at fair value for which  fair  value  is  disclosed,  together  with  their  fair  value  and  carrying  amount  shown  in  the  statements  of financial  position.  (cont'd)

| Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  carried at fair  value  Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  not carried at fair value  Total  fair  Carrying  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  value  amount  Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Financial assets  Amortised cost  Amounts owing  by  subsidiaries  (non-current)  -  -  -  -  -  53,822  53,822  53,822  Financial assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  Other investment  -    quoted  shares  in  Malaysia  1,197  -  -  -  -  -  1,197  1,197  Short  term  fund  28,271  -  -  -  -  -  28,271  28,271  Financial liability  Term loans  -  -  -  -  5,549  -  5,549  5,920   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 34.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONT'D)

## (d) Fair  value  hierarchy  (cont'd)

The following table sets out the financial instruments carried at fair value and those not carried at fair value for which  fair  value  is  disclosed,  together  with  their  fair  value  and  carrying  amount  shown  in  the  statements  of financial  position.  (cont'd)

| Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  carried at fair  value  Fair  value  of  financial  instruments  not carried at fair value  Total  fair  Carrying  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  value  amount  Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2021  Financial assets  Amortised cost  Amounts owing by  subsidiaries  (non-current)  -  -  -  -  -  60,556  60,556  60,556  Financial assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  Other investment  -    quoted  shares  in  Malaysia  1,596  -  -  -  -  -  1,596  1,596  Short  term  fund  27,791  -  -  -  -  -  27,791  27,791  Financial liabilities  Term loans  -  -  -  -  6,223  -  6,223  7,400  Derivative  financial  liabilities  -    forward  currency  contracts  -  31  -  -  -  -  31  31   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's financial risk management objective is to optimise value creation for the shareholders whilst minimising the potential adverse impact arising from fluctuations in interest rates and the unpredictability of the financial markets.

The Group and the Company are exposed mainly to credit risk, liquidity and cash flow risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and market risk. It is, and has been throughout for the current and previous financial years, the Group's policy  that  no  derivatives  shall  be  undertaken  except  for  the  use  as  hedging  instruments  where  appropriate  and cost-efficient.

Information on the management of the related exposures is detailed below.

## (a) Credit  risk

Cash  deposits  and  trade  receivables  could  give  rise  to  credit  risk  which  requires  the  loss  to  be  recognised  if  a counter party fails to perform as contracted. In order to manage this risk, it is the policy of the Group to monitor the  financial  standing  of  these  counter  parties  on  an  ongoing  basis  to  ensure  that  the  Group  is  exposed  to minimal credit risk.

The primary exposure of the Group to credit risk arises through its  trade  receivables.  The  trading  terms  of  the Group with its customers are mainly on credit. Each customer has a maximum credit limit and the Group seeks to  minimise  and  monitor  the  credit  risk  via  strictly  limiting  the  associations  to  business  customers  with  high creditworthiness.  Trade  receivables  are  monitored  on  an  ongoing  basis  through  the  management  reporting procedures of the Group.

## Exposure to credit risk

As at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  no  collateral  has  been  obtained  by  the  Group.  The  maximum  exposure of the Group and of the Company to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each class of financial assets  recognised  in  the  statements  of  financial  position.

## Credit  risk  concentration  profile

At the end of each reporting period, other than the amounts owing by the subsidiaries amounting to RM69,655,000 (2021: RM61,358,000), which represent 33% (2021: 37%) of trade and other receivables of the Company, there is no significant  concentration  of  credit  risk  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company.

Information regarding trade and other receivables is disclosed in Note 13 to the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (a) Credit  risk  (cont'd)

## Credit  risk  concentration  profile  (cont'd)

The  Group  does  not  have  any  significant  concentration  of  credit  risk  related  to  any  individual  customers  or counterparty as at the end of the reporting year. In addition, the Group also determines concentration of credit risk by monitoring the currency of its trade receivables on an ongoing basis. The credit risk concentration profile of  trade  receivables  (including  related  parties)  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  is  as  follows:

| Group  2022  2021  RM'000  % of  total  RM'000  % of  total  Malaysia  123,085  86  102,630  89  Singapore  11,611  8  6,014  5  United States of  America  8,811  6  6,420  6  Others  *  *  *  *  143,507  100  115,064  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Company

% of total

94

*

6

100

Malaysia

Singapore

United States of  America

* Amount is less than 1%

RM'000

123,206

25

8,526

131,757

2022

RM'000

94,161

143

5,888

100,192

2021

% of total

94

*

6

100

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (b) Liquidity  and  cash  flow  risk

The Group actively manages its debt maturity profile, operating cash flows and the availability of funding so as to  ensure  that  all  operating,  investing  and  financing  needs  are  met.  In  executing  its  liquidity  risk  management strategy,  the  Group  measures  and  forecasts  its  cash  commitments  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash equivalents  deemed adequate to finance the activities of the Group.

Prudent liquidity risk management is applied by maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through an  adequate  amount  of  committed  credit  facilities.  The  Group  aims  at  maintaining  the  flexibility  in  funding  by keeping committed credit lines available.

## Analysis  of  financial  instruments  by  remaining  contractual  maturities

The table  below  summarises the maturity profile of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  liabilities  at  the  end  of  the reporting  period  based  on  contractual  undiscounted  repayment  obligations.

| 30  April  2022  On demand  or  within  one year  RM'000  One to  five  years  RM'000  Over  five  years  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Group  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  181,094  14,561  -  195,655  Lease liabilities  1,372  1,192  112  2,676  Borrowings  232,984  33,190  -  266,174  Total  undiscounted financial  liabilities  415,450  48,943  112  464,505  Company  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  81,149  -  -  81,149  Lease liabilities  1,777  870  27  2,674  Borrowings  208,960  4,771  -  213,731  Total  undiscounted financial  liabilities  291,886  5,641  27  297,554   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (b) Liquidity  and  cash  flow  risk  (cont'd)

## Analysis  of  financial  instruments  by  remaining  contractual  maturities  (cont'd)

The table  below  summarises the maturity profile of  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  liabilities  at  the  end  of  the reporting  period  based  on  contractual  undiscounted  repayment  obligations.  (cont'd)

| 30  April  2021  On demand  or  within  one year  RM'000  One to  five  years  RM'000  Over  five  years  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Group  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  109,293  9,271  -  118,564  Lease liabilities  1,636  2,109  90  3,835  Borrowings  151,812  41,609  -  193,421  Derivative  financial  liabilities  31  -  -  31  Total  undiscounted financial  liabilities  262,772  52,989  90  315,851  Company  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  67,706  -  -  67,706  Lease liabilities  2,373  2,541  56  4,970  Borrowings  141,582  7,859  -  149,441  Derivative  financial  liabilities  31  -  -  31  Total  undiscounted financial  liabilities  211,692  10,400  56  222,148   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Interest  rate  risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the financial instrument of the Group and the  Company would fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The Group's and the Company's deposits placed with licensed banks, lease liabilities and borrowings are exposed to a risk of changes in their fair values due to changes in market interest rates. The Group's and the Company's borrowings are exposed to a risk of change in cash flows due to changes in interest rates. Short term receivables and payables are not exposed to interest rate risk.

The Group and the Company borrow for operations at fixed and variable rates using term loans, trade financing facilities  and  lease  liabilities.  There  is  no  formal  hedging  policy  with  respect  to  interest  rate  exposure.

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Interest  rate  risk  (cont'd)

The  following  tables  set  out  the  carrying  amounts,  the  average  effective  interest  rates  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period and the remaining maturities of the Group's and of the Company's financial instruments that are  exposed  to  interest  rate  risk:

| Group  Note  Average  effective  interest  rate  %  Total  RM'000  Within  1  year  RM'000  1  -  2  years  RM'000  2  -  3  years  RM'000  3  -  4  years  RM'000  4  -  5  years  RM'000  More  than  5  years  RM'000  30  April  2022  Fixed rates  Deposits with licensed banks  15  1.15  -  1.57  8,050  8,050  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6  2.52  -  5.50  (2,508)  (1,281)  (718)  (231)  (104)  (67)  (107)  Amount owing to a corporate  shareholder of a subsidiary  21  3.40  (14,561)  -  (14,561)  -  -  -  -  Amounts owing to a related party  21  3.40  (48,060)  (48,060)  -  -  -  -  -  Term loans  20  4.49  -  5.64  (38,600)  (8,440)  (8,440)  (8,440)  (8,440)  (4,840)  -  Floating rates  Bank overdrafts  19  6.45  (12,700)  (12,700)  -  -  -  -  -  Bankers'  acceptances  19  2.34  -  3.12  (183,880)  (183,880)  -  -  -  -  -  Revolving credits  19  3.07  -  3.76  (25,000)  (25,000)  -  -  -  -  -  30  April  2021  Fixed rates  Deposits with licensed banks  15  1.20  -  1.63  18,710  18,710  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6  2.52  -  5.50  (3,770)  (1,495)  (1,171)  (588)  (240)  (105)  (171)  Amount owing to a corporate  shareholder of a subsidiary  21  3.10  (9,271)  -  -  (9,271)  -  -  -  Amounts owing to a related party  21  3.10  (23,294)  (23,294)  -  -  -  -  -  Term loans  20  4.49  -  6.20  (42,400)  (3,220)  (8,440)  (8,440)  (8,440)  (13,860)  -  Floating rates  Bank overdrafts  19  7.70  (4,605)  (4,605)  -  -  -  -  -  Bankers'  acceptances  19  2.20  -  3.34  (109,680)  (109,680)  -  -  -  -  -  Revolving credits  19  2.94  -  6.01  (32,000)  (32,000)  -  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Interest  rate  risk  (cont'd)

The  following  tables  set  out  the  carrying  amounts,  the  average  effective  interest  rates  as  at  the  end  of  the reporting period and the remaining maturities of the Group's and of the Company's financial instruments that are  exposed  to  interest  rate  risk  (cont'd):

| Company  Note  Average  effective  interest  rate  %  Total  RM'000  Within  1  year  RM'000  1  -  2  years  RM'000  2  -  3  years  RM'000  3  -  4  years  RM'000  4  -  5  years  RM'000  More  than  5  years  RM'000  30  April  2022  Fixed rates  Deposits with licensed banks  15  1.15  -  1.53  5,700  5,700  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6  4.49  -  5.50  (2,553)  (1,700)  (530)  (196)  (70)  (31)  (26)  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  13  3.40  53,822  -  -  36,393  17,429  -  -  Term loan  20  4.49  (5,920)  (1,480)  (1,480)  (1,480)  (1,480)  -  -  Floating rates  Bankers'  acceptances  19  2.34  -  3.12  (181,180)  (181,180)  -  -  -  -  -  Revolving credits  19  3.07  -  3.76  (25,000)  (25,000)  -  -  -  -  -  30  April  2021  Fixed rates  Deposits with licensed banks  15  1.20  -  1.63  16,010  16,010  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  6  4.49  -  5.50  (4,668)  (2,197)  (1,580)  (558)  (208)  (72)  (53)  Amounts owing by subsidiaries  13  3.10  -  6.00  60,556  -  -  25,000  18,299  15,548  1,709  Term loan  20  4.49  (7,400)  (1,480)  (1,480)  (1,480)  (1,480)  (1,480)  -  Floating rates  Bankers'  acceptances  19  2.20  -  3.34  (106,060)  (106,060)  -  -  -  -  -  Revolving credits  19  2.94  -  6.01  (32,000)  (32,000)  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (c) Interest  rate  risk  (cont'd)

## Sensitivity  analysis  for  interest  rate  risk

The following table demonstrates the sensitivity analysis of the Group and of the Company if interest rates at the  end  of  reporting  period  changed  by  50  basis  points  with  all  other  variables  held  constant:

| Group  Company  2022  RM'000  Profit  after  tax  2021  RM'000  Profit  after  tax  2022  RM'000  Profit  after  tax  2021  RM'000  Profit  after  tax  Floating rates  Increase  by  0.5%  (2021:  0.5%)  (842)  (495)  (783)  (485)  Decrease by 0.5% (2021: 0.5%)  842  495  783  485   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  assumed  movement  in  basis  points  for  interest  rate  sensitivity  analysis  is  based  on  current  observable market environment.

## (d) Foreign  currency  risk

Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign  exchange  rates.

The Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk on sales and purchases that are denominated in a currency other  than  the  respective  functional  currencies  of  Group  entities.  The  currencies  giving  rise  to  this  risk  are primarily  United  States  Dollar  ('USD')  and  Singapore  Dollar  ('SGD').

The Group and the Company also hold cash and bank balances denominated in foreign currencies for working capital  purposes.  Information  regarding  the  currency  exposure  profile  of  cash  and  bank  balances  is  disclosed in  Note  15  to  the  financial  statements.

During the financial year, the Group entered into foreign currency forward contracts to manage exposures to currency  risk  for  trade  payables  which  were  denominated  in  currency  other  than  the  functional  currency  of the  Group.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (d) Foreign  currency  risk  (cont'd)

There is no outstanding foreign currency forward contracts at the end of the financial year whereas the notional amount and maturity date of the foreign currency forward contracts outstanding in the previous financial year are  as  follows:

| Group and Company  2021  Currency  Contract  amount in  foreign  currency  '000  RM'000  equivalent  Maturities  within  Forward contracts used to hedge trade payables  USD  3,069  12,638  1  month   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sensitivity  analysis  for  foreign  currency  risk

The  following  table  demonstrates  the  sensitivity  analysis  of  the  Group's  and  of  the  Company's  profit  after  tax to  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  the  USD  and  SGD  exchange  rates  against  the  Ringgit  Malaysia  ('RM') respectively, with all other variables held constant. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk exposures internally to key management personnel and represents management's assessment of the possible change in foreign  exchange  rates.

The sensitivity  analysis  includes  outstanding  balances  denominated  in  foreign  currencies.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Profit  Profit  Profit  Profit  after  tax  after  tax  after  tax  after  tax  USD/RM:  -  strengthened  by  5%  (2021:  5%)  (127)  54  (138)  33  -  weakened by 5% (2021: 5%)  127  (54)  138  (33)  SGD/RM:  -  strengthened  by  5%  (2021:  5%)  278  285  1  6  -  weakened by 5% (2021: 5%)  (278)  (285)  (1)  (6)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  exposures  to  the  other  currencies  are  not  significant,  hence  the  effects  of  the  changes  in  the  exchange rates  are  not  explained  above.

## (e) Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments of the Group would fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  market  prices  (other  than  interest  or  exchange  rates).

The  Group  and  the  Company  are  exposed  to  equity  price  risks  arising  from  other  investment  and  short  term funds  quoted  in  Malaysia.  These  instrument  are  classified  as  financial  assets  designated  at  fair  value  through profit  or  loss.

At the end of each reporting period, the maximum exposure of the Group and of the Company to market risk is  represented  by  the  total  carrying  amount  of  this  financial  asset  recognised  in  the  statements  of  financial position,  which  amounted to RM29,468,000 (2021: RM29,387,000). There has been no change to the exposure of  the  Group and of the Company to market risk or the manner in which the risk is managed and measured.

## 35.  FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONT'D)

## (e) Market risk  (cont'd)

## Sensitivity  analysis  for  market  risk

The  following  table  demonstrates  the  sensitivity  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  to  the  changes  in  market quoted prices for short term fund and other investment at the end of the reporting period, with all other variables held  constant:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Profit  Profit  Profit  Profit  after  tax  after  tax  after  tax  after  tax  Effects  of  100bp  changes  in  market  quoted  prices  to  profit  after  tax  -  Other  investment  9  12  9  12  -  Short  term  fund  215  211  215  211   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36.  ADOPTION OF NEW MFRSs AND AMENDMENTS TO MFRSs

## 36.1    New  MFRSs adopted during the financial year

The Group and the Company adopted the following Standards of the MFRS Framework that were issued by the Malaysian Accounting Standards Board ('MASB') during the financial year:

| Title  Effective  Date  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2 (Amendments to MFRS 9, MFRS 139, MFRS 7,  MFRS4andMFRS16)  1  January  2021  Covid-19 - Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021  (Amendment to MFRS 16  Leases  )  1  April  2021   |
|---|

Adoption of the above Standards did not have any material effect on the financial performance or position of the  Group  and  of  the  Company.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

## 36.  ADOPTION OF NEW MFRSs AND AMENDMENTS TO MFRSs (CONT'D)

## 36.2 IFRIC  Agenda Decision - Over time transfer of constructed good (IAS 23)

The  IFRS  Interpretations  Committee  ('IFRIC')  received  a  submission  about  the  capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs in  relation  to  the  construction  of  a  residential  multi-unit  real  estate  development.

Based on the fact  pattern  described  in  the  submission,  the  request  asked  whether  the  entity  has  a  qualifying asset  as  defined  in  IAS  23  Borrowing  Costs  and,  therefore,  capitalises  any  directly  attributable  costs.

The IFRIC concluded in March 2019 that, in the fact pattern described in the request:

- i. Any receivable and contract asset that the entity recognises is not a qualifying asset.
- ii. Any inventory (work-in-progress) for unsold units under construction that the entity recognises is also not a  qualifying  asset  because  the  unsold  units  are  ready  for  its  intended  use  or  sale.

The MASB announced on 20 March 2019 that an entity shall apply the change in accounting policy as a result of  this  Agenda  Decision  to  financial  statements  of  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  1  July  2020.

The Group has implemented the requirements of this Agenda Decision during the financial year ended 30 April 2022. There is no material impact on the financial statements of the Group as at the end of reporting period.

## 36.3 New MFRSs that have been issued, but only effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022

The  following  are  Standards  of  the  MFRS  Framework  that  have  been  issued  by  the  MASB  but  have  not  been early  adopted  by  the  Group  and  the  Company:

| Title  Effective  Date  Annual Improvements to MFRS Standards 2018 - 2020  1  January  2022  Amendments to MFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1  January  2022  Amendments to MFRS 116  Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use  1  January  2022  Amendments to MFRS 137  OnerousContracts-Costof Fulfilling a Contract  1  January  2022  Amendments to MFRS 101  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1  January  2023  MFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1  January  2023  Disclosure of Accounting Policies (  Amendments to MFRS 101  Presentation  of  Financial  Statements)  1  January  2023  Definition of Accounting Estimates (  Amendments to MFRS 108   Accounting Policies, Changes in  Accounting Estimates and Errors)  1  January  2023  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  (Amendments  to  MFRS  112  IncomeTaxes  )  1  January  2023  Initial Application of MFRS 17 and MFRS 9 - Comparative Information  (Amendment to MFRS  17  Insurance Contracts  )  1  January  2023  Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS 128  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor  andits Associate or Joint Venture  Deferred   |
|---|

The Group and the Company are in the process of assessing the impact of implementing these Standards, since the  effects  would  only  be  observable  in  the  future  financial  years.

## 37.  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE FINANCIAL YEAR

- (a) Since  previous  financial  years,  the  Government  of  Malaysia  imposed  various  phases  of  the  Movement  Control Order  ('MCO')  in  response  to  the  resurgence  of  the  2019  Novel  Coronavirus  infection  ('COVID-19')  pandemic, followed  by  the  announcement  of  the  National  Recovery  Plan  ('NRP')  in  June  2021,  which  details  a  roadmap  to control the COVID-19 pandemic while progressively reopening society and the economic sectors towards the new normal under four progressive phases.

The management has assessed the financial impact on the Group and the Company and are of the opinion that there  were  no  material  financial  impact  arising  from  the  pandemic  during  the  financial  year  and  until  the  date of  the  authorisation  of  the  financial  statements.  In  addition,  to  mitigate  its  potential  risks  exposure,  the  Group and  the  Company  has  taken  and  will  continue  to  take  necessary  steps  to  safeguard  and  preserve  its  financial condition, emphasising on liquidity management to meet its continuing financial commitments and liquidity needs of  business  operations.

Based on the assessment and information available at the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Group and the Company has sufficient cash flows to meet its liquidity needs in the next twelve (12) months after the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  Group  and  the  Company  do  not  anticipate  significant  supply  disruptions and would continue to monitor their fund and operational needs.

- (b) On 17 May 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group entered into a TSPA with TPESB and the existing tenant of  the  property,  FTESB  for  the  disposal  of  a  parcel  of  freehold  land  together  with  all  those  industrial  buildings and structures erected thereon within Lot 755, Jalan Subang 3, Sungai Penaga Industrial Park, 47610 Subang Jaya, Selangor  Darul  Ehsan  held  under  title  No.  GM80,  Lot  755  in  Mukim  of  Damansara,  District  of  Petaling,  Negeri Selangor Darul Ehsan, for a total purchase consideration of RM31,000,000. The transaction was completed on 30 December 2021.
- (c) On  6  July  2021,  the  Company  announced  to  undertake  the  proposed  bonus  issue  of  up  to  186,364,750  new ordinary shares in the Company ('Bonus Shares') to be credited as fully paid-up, on the basis of three (3) Bonus Shares for every four (4) existing ordinary shares in the Company ('Proposed Bonus Issue'). The Proposed Bonus Issue  was  completed  on  30  August  2021.

Accordingly, the enlarged issued and fully paid-up ordinary share capital of the Company is now RM125,771,000 comprising 434,850,699 ordinary shares.

- (d) The Russia-Ukraine conflict resulted in the imposition of various economic sanctions on Russia by several countries across the world. These developments resulted in soaring global commodities and energy prices and supply chain disruption.

As at the date of authorisation of the financial statements, the Russia-Ukraine conflict is still evolving and remains unpredictable.  Consequently,  the  Group  and  the  Company  are  unable  to  estimate  the  financial  effects  of  the situation  at  this  juncture.  The  Group  and  the  Company  are  actively  monitoring  and  managing  the  operations  of the  Group  and  the  Company to  minimise  any  impact  arising  from  these  developments.

LB ALUMINIUM BERHAD

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

30  APRIL  2022  (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

## LIST OF PROPERTIES

AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

| No.  Location  Approximate  Age of  Building  Year  Tenure  Land Area /  (Built  Up  Area)  sq.  ft.  Description  Net Book Value  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Date of  Revaluation/  Acquisition*  1  Lot  11,  Jalan  Perusahaan  1  31  Leasehold 99 years  167,982  Factory  complex:  7,957  1.5.2011  Kawasan Perusahaan Beranang  expiring  on  (96,046)  Industrial  land  with  43700 Beranang  9.10.2099  single  storey  factory,  Selangor Darul Ehsan  3-storey  office  block  and warehouse  2  Lot  No  2.08  25  Freehold  248,216  Industrial  complexes  15,287  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (139,324)  comprising warehouse 1, 2 and  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  3;  anodising  factory  1  and  2;  43700 Beranang  powder coating factory  Selangor Darul Ehsan  3  Lot  No.  2.11  21  Freehold  -  Die  shop  7,176  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (14,104)  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  Lot  No.  2.11  19  Freehold  -  4-storey  office  building  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (64,088)  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  4  Lot  No.  2.12  and  2.13  17  Freehold  176,557  A  single  storey  warehouse  11,434  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (92,115)  with  an  annexed  single  storey  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  loading  bay  with  covered  43700 Beranang  parking  lot  Selangor Darul Ehsan  5  Lot  No.  2.13A  17  Freehold  -  Single  storey  warehouse  5,660  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (46,830)  annexed with double storey  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  office  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  6  Lot  No.  2.46  15  Freehold  51,666  Single  storey  factory  2,903  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (24,664)  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  7  PT15145 HSD172073  7  Freehold  -  Single  storey  warehouse  6,884  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (85,470)  annexed with double storey  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  office  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  8  PT15145 HSD172073  11  Freehold  -  1  1  /  2  -storey  factory  with  13,305  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  (107,360)  2-storey  utility  building  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## LIST OF PROPERTIES (CONT'D) AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

| No.  Location  Approximate  Age of  Building  Year  Tenure  Land Area /  (Built  Up  Area)  sq.  ft.  Description  Net Book Value  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Date of  Revaluation/  Acquisition*  9  PT20470 HSD184914  3  Freehold  -  Single  storey  warehouse  with  8,109  1.1.2020*  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  3/F  (39,127)  1  1  /  2  -storey  office  building  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  10  Lot  241  (PT  1075)  29  Leasehold 60 years  24,840  Industrial  land  with  779  1.5.2011  Tingkat  Perusahaan 6  expiring  on  (11,875)  factory  building  Kawasan Perusahaan Perai  21.2.2042  and warehouse  13600 Perai  Pulau Pinang  11  No.  4,  Jalan  IM3/6  23  Leasehold 66 years  44,844  A  single  storey  warehouse  1,325  1.5.2011  Kawasan Perindustrian Sektor 1  expiring  on  (17,610)  cum office building  Indera  Mahkota  5.3.2062  Bandar Indera Mahkota  25000 Kuantan  Pahang Darul Makmur  12  Block  C-18-1  24  Freehold  -  A  corner  office  suite  914  1.5.2011  Megan Avenue II  (2,454)  Corporate office  No.  12,  Jalan  Yap  Kwan  Seng  50450 Kuala Lumpur  13  Seri  Mutiara  Apartment  25  Freehold  -  An apartment suite (1-bedroom)  68  1.5.2011  B-09-05,  Jalan  Persiaran  Seri  Alam  (840)  Vacant  Bandar Baru Seri Alam  81750 Masai  Johor  Darul  Takzim  14  No.  E-3-2,  3rd  Floor  25  Freehold  -  3-storey  walk-up  apartment  43  1.5.2011  Taman Pangsapuri Malim  (850)  Vacant  Balai  Panjang  75250 Melaka  15  No.  7  Jalan  TTS  4/8  27  Leasehold 99 years  3,154  Single  storey  bungalow  house  136  1.5.2011  Taman Tasik Semenyih  expiring  on  (1,275)  Staff  hostel  43500 Semenyih  5.11.2094  Selangor Darul Ehsan  16  Lot  2038  N/A  Freehold  9,291  Vacant residential  land  90  1.5.2011  College  Heights  Garden  Resort  -  Lot  21254  (PT14145)  71700 Pajam  Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus  17  Lot  2039  N/A  Freehold  9,289  Vacant residential  land  90  1.5.2011  College  Heights  Garden  Resort  -  Lot  21255  (PT14146)  71700 Pajam  Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## LIST OF PROPERTIES (CONT'D)

AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

| No.  Location  Approximate  Age of  Building  Year  Tenure  Land Area /  (Built  Up  Area)  sq.  ft.  Description  Net Book Value  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Date of  Revaluation/  Acquisition*  18  Unit  No.707,  Block  F  6  Freehold  -  An office  lot  740  18.7.2015*  Pusat Dagangan Phileo Damansara I  (2,121)  Tenanted  No.  9,  Jalan  16/11  Off  Jalan  Damansara  46350 Petaling Jaya  Selangor Darul Ehsan  19  B-29-03,  Setia  City  Residences  4  Freehold  -  Apartment  665  15.3.2021*  No,  6,  Jalan  Setia  Dagang  AH  U13/AH  (1,221)  Vacant  Setia  Alam,  Seksyen  U13  40170 Shah Alam  Selangor Darul Ehsan  20  09-12 Blok B  7  Freehold  -  Apartment  327  13.4.2021*  Residensi  Laman Lapan  (808)  Vacant  Jalan  Sutera  Kuning,  Taman  Sutera  81200 Johor Bahru  Johor  Darul  Takzim  The properties leased by LB Aluminium Berhad and its subsidiaries are as follows:  21  Lot  PLO  206  (PTD64090)  29  Leasehold 60 years  21,775  Industrial  land  with  669  1.5.2011  No.  14,  Jalan  Angkasa  Mas  5  expiring  on  (12,782)  single  storey  factory  Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau II  14.4.2053  annexed with 3-storey office  81100 Johor Bahru  Johor  Darul  Takzim  ¹  22  Lot  PLO  207  (PTD64089)  25  Leasehold 60 years  21,775  Industrial  land  with  835  1.5.2011  No.  18,  Jalan  Angkasa  Mas  5  expiring  on  (16,274)  single  storey  factory  Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau II  14.4.2053  annexed with 3-storey office  81100 Johor Bahru  Johor  Darul  Takzim  ¹  The properties owned by subsidiaries are as follows:  23  Lot  No.  2.11  N/A  Freehold  82,742  Industrial  land  1,600  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  -  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  24  No.  53,  Jalan  PBS  14/10  25  Leasehold 99 years  2,002  An intermediate 1½-storey  574  1.5.2011  Taman Perindustrian Bukit Serdang  expiring  on  (2,678)  terraced  factory  43300 Seri Kembangan  5.7.2100  Selangor Darul Ehsan  25  No.  55,  Jalan  PBS  14/10  25  Leasehold 99 years  2,002  An intermediate 1½-storey  574  1.5.2011  Taman Perindustrian Bukit Serdang  expiring  on  (2,678)  terraced  factory  43300 Seri Kembangan  5.7.2100  Selangor Darul Ehsan   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## LIST OF PROPERTIES (CONT'D) AS AT 30 APRIL 2022

| No.  Location  Approximate  Age of  Building  Year  Tenure  Land Area /  (Built  Up  Area)  sq.  ft.  Description  Net Book Value  as  at  30.4.2022  RM'000  Date of  Revaluation/  Acquisition*  The properties owned by subsidiaries are as follows: (cont'd)  26  Lot  No.  2.13A  N/A  Freehold  89,437  Industrial  land  1,740  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  -  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  27  PT20470 HSD184914  N/A  Freehold  88,490  Industrial  land  3,205  12.3.2015*  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  3/F  -  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  28  No.  11,  Kaki  Bukit  Road  1  16  Leasehold 60 years  -  1-storey  shoplot  1,316  1.5.2011  #03-07 Eunos Technolink  expiring  on  (3,100)  Singapore 415939  8.7.2056  29  Lot  846,  Block  7,  MTLD  27  Leasehold 60 years  82,236  A  single  storey  factory  4,032  1.5.2011  Jalan  Demak Laut 3  expiring  on  (60,245)  building  and  a  single  storey  Sejingkat  Industrial  Park  18.8.2054  store  with  ancillary  building  93050 Kuching Sarawak  30  Lot  847,  Block  7,  MTLD  27  Leasehold 60 years  96,122  A  double  storey  office  2,099  1.5.2011  Jalan  Demak Laut 3  expiring  on  (32,648)  building  and  a  single  factory  Sejingkat  Industrial  Park  18.8.2054  building  with  ancillary  building  93050 Kuching Sarawak  31  PT15145 HSD172073  N/A  Freehold  457,337  Industrial  land  8,300  1.5.2011  Jalan  Perindustrian  Mahkota  2  -  Kawasan Perindustrian Mahkota  43700 Beranang  Selangor Darul Ehsan  32  Lot  103836  N/A  Leasehold 99 years  1,006,533  Residential  land  for  property  166,415  12.9.2019*  Jalan  Tasik  Selatan  31  expiring  on  -  development  57000 Kuala Lumpur  11.9.2118  33  PT50112 HSD122704  N/A  Leasehold 99 years  290,206  Residential  land  for  property  38,506  24.6.2021*  Jalan  Sri  Permaisuri  6  expiring  on  -  development  56000 Kuala Lumpur  23.6.2120   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

¹ LB  Aluminium  Berhad  has  a  60  years  lease  from  the  registered  proprietor,  Johor  Corporation,  a  body  corporate  established  under  the  Johor  Corporation Enactment 1995 to expire on 14 April 2053.

<!-- image -->

## ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

AS AT 29 JULY 2022

## STATISTICS ON ORDINARY SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 29 JULY 2022

Issued  and  Paid  Up  Share  Capital :

RM125,770,795.00 comprising of 434,850,699 ordinary shares

Class  of  Share :

Ordinary Shares

Voting  Rights :

One vote per Ordinary Share

No.  of    Shareholders :

7,900

## ANALYSIS OF ORDINARY SHAREHOLDINGS

| Holdings  No. of Holders  Total  Holdings  %  Less  than  100  599  28,586  0.01  100 to 1,000  651  276,205  0.06  1,001  to  10,000  3,229  18,658,646  4.29  10,001 to 100,000  3,073  92,199,059  21.20  100,001 to less  than  5%  of  issued  shares  345  167,611,111  38.55  5% and above of issued shares  3  156,077,092  35.89  7,900  434,850,699  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST

| &lt;----------  Direct  Interest  ----------&gt;  &lt;--------  Indirect  Interest  ---------&gt;  Name  No. of  Shares Held  % of  Total  Shares  No. of  Shares Held  % of  Total  Shares  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  131,203,460  30.17  -  -  Mark Wing Kong  6,376,125  1.47  -  -  Neoh Lay Keong  -  -  -  -  Leow Sok Hoon  32,144,882  7.39  -  -  Dato'  Dr  Mohd  Husni  Bin  Ahmad  -  -  -  -  Yap Chee Woon  1,477,525  0.34  -  -  Toh Khiam Huat  -  -  -  -  Chew Kat Nyap  -  -  -  -  Teh Kok Heng  -  -  -  -  Leow Vinzie (Alternate Director  to  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa)  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

According  to  the  registrar  to  be  kept  under  Section  144  of  the  Companies  Act,  2016,  the  following  are  the  substantial shareholders of the Company:-

| &lt;----------  Direct  Interest  ----------&gt;  &lt;---------  Indirect  Interest  ---------&gt;  Name  No. of  Shares Held  % of  Total  Shares  No. of  Shares Held  % of  Total  Shares  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  131,203,460  30.17  -  -  Leow Sok Hoon  32,144,882  7.39  -  -  163,348,342  37.56  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## THE THIRTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 29 JULY 2022

| No.  Name  No.  of  Shares  % of  Total  Shares  1  Tan Sri  Datuk  Leow  Chong  Howa  65,975,885  15.17  2  Citigroup  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Exempt  An  for  Bank  of  Singapore  Limited  (Local)  65,227,575  15.00  3  Leow Sok Hoon  32,144,882  7.39  4  Leow Wei Seng  13,044,902  3.00  5  Public  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Benficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Leow  Keng  Soon  (E-KLC)  8,750,000  2.01  6  Mark Wing Kong  6,376,125  1.47  7  Leow Sok Hong  6,318,026  1.45  8  Tang Lean See  4,374,912  1.01  9  Alliancegroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Ta  Kin  Yan  (7000778)  4,280,600  0.98  10  Lim Khuan Eng  4,112,500  0.95  11  Kenanga Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Ta  Kin  Yan  4,050,000  0.93  12  Tan Wan Lay  3,910,000  0.90  13  Public  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Yeoh  Ooi  Chat  (E-BBB/BBA)  3,440,000  0.79  14  Lim Kian Huat  2,181,375  0.50  15  Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Wong  Choy  Fong  2,119,275  0.49  16  Gee Hin Engineering Sdn Bhd  2,102,850  0.48  17  Chin Chee Wah  1,893,675  0.44  18  Tay  Ying  Lim  @  Tay  Eng  Lim  1,670,925  0.38  19  Ong Ken Sim  1,531,250  0.35  20  Yap Chee Woon  1,477,525  0.34  21  Public  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Macrovention  Sdn  Bhd  (E-BBB/  BBA)  1,321,250  0.30  22  Citigroup  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Exempt  An  for  OCBC  Securities  Private  Limited  (Client  A/c-RES)  1,295,500  0.30  23  CGS-CIMB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Lee  Leong  Thai  (Penang-CL)  1,233,925  0.28  24  Melodi Ragam Sdn Bhd  1,099,175  0.25  25  Koay Tze Seong  1,030,000  0.24  26  Low Chu Mooi  1,025,000  0.24  27  Public  Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  Beneficiary:  Pledged  securities  account  for  Cheah  Eng  Guan  (E-SPI/PLI)  1,015,150  0.23  28  Lee Kong Orl  1,011,000  0.23  29  Lee Eng Gee  997,675  0.23  30  Lai  Kam  Keong  962,500  0.22  245,973,457  56.55   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

AS AT 29 JULY 2022 (CONT'D)

THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

## PROXY FORM

I/We



of

CDS Account No.

No. of shares held

[Full name in block, NRIC/Passport/Company No.]

[Address]

being member(s) of LB Aluminium Berhad ,  hereby  appoint:

Full Name (in Block)

Address

Contact No.:

Email address:

and /  or*  (*delete  as  appropriate)

Full Name (in Block)

Address

Contact No.:

Email address:

or  failing  him/her,  the  Chairman  of  the  Meeting  as  my/our  proxy  to  vote  for  me/us  and  on  my/our  behalf,  at  the  Annual  General  Meeting (' AGM ')  to  be  conducted  on  a  fully  virtual  basis  using  the  remote  participation  and  voting  facilities  through  the  online  meeting  platform, TIIH  Online,  provided  by  Tricor  Investor  &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd  in  Malaysia  via  its  website  at  https://tiih.online  or  https://tiih. com.my  (Domain  registration  number  with  MYNIC:  D1A282781)  on  Thursday,  29  September  2022  at  10:00  a.m.  or  at  any  adjournment thereof,  and  to  vote  as  indicated  below:-

| NO.  ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS  # FOR  # AGAINST  1.  To approve the payment of a first and final single tier dividend of 2.50 sen per ordinary share in respect  of  the  financial  year  ended  30  April  2022.  2.  To  approve the payment of Directors' fees of RM400,000.00 for the financial year ended 30 April 2022.  3.  To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  benefits  of  up  to  RM45,000.00  for  the  period  from  immediately  after  this  annual  general  meeting  until  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company.  4.  To  re-elect  Mr  Toh  Khiam  Huat  as  Director.  5.  To  re-elect  Mr  Chew  Kat  Nyap  as  Director.  6.  To  re-elect  Mr  Teh  Kok  Heng  as  Director.  7.  To  re-appoint  Messrs  BDO  PLT  as  Auditors  of  the  Company  and  to  authorise  the  Directors  to  fix  their  remuneration.  8.  To  approve Mr Toh Khiam Huat to continue to act as an Independent Director.  9.  To  approve Mr Chew Kat Nyap to continue to act as an Independent Director.  10.  To  approve Mr Teh Kok Heng to continue to act as an Independent Director.  11.  To grant authority to issue and allot shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016.  12.  To  approve the Proposed Renewal of Authority for Share Buy-Back.  13.  To  approve  the  Proposed  Renewal  of  the  Existing  Shareholders'  Mandate  for  the  Company  and/or  its  subsidiaries  to  enter  into  Recurrent  Related  Party  Transactions  of  a  Revenue  or  Trading  Nature.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#  Please indicate with an 'X' in the space provided whether you wish your votes to be cast for or against the resolutions. In the absence of specific direction, your proxy will vote or abstain as he thinks fit.

Signed this day  of ,  2022.

Signature ^

Member

- ^ Manner of execution:
- (a) If you are an individual member, please sign where indicated.
- (b) If you are a corporate member which has a common seal, this proxy form should be executed under seal in accordance with the constitution of your corporation.
- (c) If you are a corporate member which does not have a common seal, this proxy form should be affixed with the rubber stamp of your company (if any) and executed by:
- (i) at least two (2) authorised officers, of whom one shall be a director; or
- (ii) any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country underwhichyourcorporationis incorporated

NRIC/Passport No.

NRIC/Passport No.

<!-- image -->

Tel  No.:

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

## NOTES:-

## 1. IMPORTANT NOTICE

The  AGM  will  be  conducted  on  a  fully  virtual  basis  using  the  remote  participation  and  voting  (' RPV ')  facilities  through  the  online  meeting platform,  TIIH  Online,  provided  by  Tricor  Investor  &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd  (' Tricor ')  in  Malaysia  via  its  website  at  https://tiih.online or https://tiih.com.my (Domain registration number with MYNIC: D1A282781) on Thursday, 29 September 2022 at 10:00 a.m.. Members are to attend,  speak  (including  posing  questions  to  the  Board  via  real  time  submission  of  typed  texts)  and  vote  (collectively,  ' participate ')  remotely at  the  AGM  via  the  RPV  facilities  provided  by  Tricor.

Please read these Notes carefully and follow the procedures in the Administrative Notes for the AGM in order to participate remotely via  RPV.

2. For  the  purpose  of  determining  who  shall  be  entitled  to  participate  in  this  AGM  via  RPV,  the  Company  shall  be  requesting  Bursa  Malaysia Depository  Sdn  Bhd  to  make  available  to  the  Company,  a  Record  of  Depositors  as  at  22  September  2022.  Only  a  member  whose  name appears on this Record of Depositors shall be entitled to participate in this  AGM or appoint a proxy or proxies to participate on his/her/its behalf  via  RPV.
3. A  member  who  is  entitled  to  participate  at  this  AGM  via  RPV  is  entitled  to  appoint  a  proxy  or  attorney  or  in  the  case  of  a  corporation,  to appoint a duly authorised representative to participate in his place.  A  proxy  may  but  need  not  be  a  member  of  the  Company.
4. A  member  of  the  Company  who  is  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  a  general  meeting  of  the  Company  may  appoint  not  more  than  two  (2) proxies  to  participate  instead  of  the  member  at  the  AGM  via  RPV.
5. Where  a  member  of  the  Company  is  an  authorised  nominee  as  defined  in  the  Securities  Industry  (Central  Depositories)  Act  1991  (' Central Depositories  Act '),  it  may  appoint  not  more  than  two  (2)  proxies  in  respect  of  each  securities  account  it  holds  in  ordinary  shares  of  the Company standing to the credit of the said securities account.
6. Where  a  member  of  the  Company  is  an  exempt  authorised  nominee  which  holds  ordinary  shares  in  the  Company  for  multiple  beneficial owners in one securities account (' omnibus account '),  there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint  in  respect  of  each  omnibus  account  it  holds.  An  exempt  authorised  nominee  refers  to  an  authorised  nominee  defined  under  the Central  Depositories  Act  which  is  exempted  from  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  25A(1)  of  the  Central  Depositories  Act.
7. Where a member appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the  instrument  appointing  the  proxies.
8. A  member  who  has  appointed  a  proxy  or  attorney  or  authorised  representative  to  participate  at  the  AGM  via  RPV must  request  his/her proxy or attorney or authorised representative to register himself/herself for RPV via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Procedures for  RPV  can  be  found  in  the  Administrative  Guide  for  the  AGM.
9. The  appointment  of  a  proxy  may  be  made  in  hard  copy  form  or  by  electronic  means  in  the  following  manner  and  must  be  received  by  the Company  not  less  than  forty-eight  (48)  hours  before  the  time  appointed  for  holding  the  AGM  or  adjourned  general  meeting  at  which  the person named in the appointment proposes to vote:-
9. (i) In  hard  copy  form

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  made  in  hard  copy  form,  this  proxy  form  must  be  deposited  with  Tricor  at  Unit  32-01,  Level  32,  Tower  A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at  Unit  G-3,  Ground  Floor,  Vertical  Podium,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur.

- (ii) By  electronic  means  via  facsimile

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  made  by  facsimile  transmission,  this  proxy  form  must  be  received  via  facsimile  at  03-2783  9222.

- (iii)  By  electronic  means  via  email

In the case of an appointment made via email transmission, this proxy form must be received via email at is.enquiry@my.tricorglobal.com.

For  options  (ii)  and  (iii),  the  Company  may  request  any  member  to  deposit  original  executed  proxy  form  to  Tricor  at  Unit  32-01,  Level  32, Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  or  alternatively,  the  Customer  Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur before or on the day of  meeting  for  verification  purpose.

## (iv)  By  electronic  form  via  TIIH  Online

In  the  case  of  an  appointment  of  a  proxy  made  in  electronic  form,  the  proxy  form  must  be  deposited  via  TIIH  Online  website  at  https:// tiih.online.  Please  follow  the  procedures  as  set  out  in  the  Administrative  Notes  for  the  electronic  lodgement  of  proxy  form.

10. Any authority pursuant to which such an appointment is made by a power of attorney must be deposited with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  or  alternatively,  the  Customer  Service Centre  at  Unit  G-3,  Ground  Floor,  Vertical  Podium,  Avenue  3,  Bangsar  South,  No.  8,  Jalan  Kerinchi,  59200  Kuala  Lumpur  not  less  than  fortyeight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned general meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes  to  vote.  A  copy  of  the  power  of  attorney  may  be  accepted  provided  that  it  is  certified  notarially  and/or  in  accordance  with  the applicable  legal  requirements  in  the  relevant  jurisdiction  in  which  it  is  executed.
11. Please  ensure  ALL  the  particulars  as  required  in  this  proxy  form  are  completed,  signed  and  dated  accordingly.
12. Last  date  and  time  for  lodging  this  proxy  form  is Tuesday, 27 September 2022 at 10:00 a.m.
13. For a corporate member who has appointed an authorised representative, please deposit the ORIGINAL certificate of appointment of authorised representative with Tricor at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur. The certificate of appointment of authorised representative should be executed in the following manner:-
5. (i) If  the  corporate  member  has  a  common seal, the certificate  of  appointment of  authorised  representative  should  be  executed  under  seal in  accordance  with  the  constitution  of  the  corporate  member.
6. (ii) If the corporate member does not have a common seal, the certificate of appointment of authorised representative should be affixed with the  rubber  stamp  of  the  corporate  member  (if  any)  and  executed  by:-
7. (a) at  least  two  (2)  authorised  officers,  of  whom  one  shall  be  a  director;  or
8. (b)  any director and/or authorised officers in accordance with the laws of the country under which the corporate member is incorporated.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Lot 11, Jalan Perusahaan 1, Kawasan Perusahaan Beranang, 43700 Beranang, Semenyih, Selangor Darul Ehsan.

Tel:

03-8725 8822 (General) 03-8725 8833 (Sales)

## Fax:

03-8725 8828 (General)

03-8725 8826 (Sales)

03-8725 8886 (Sales)

03-8725 8866 (Export)

www.lbalum.com

E-mail: enquiry@lbalum.com.my