## LifeBrandz

/gid01102/gid01100/gid01102/gid01102 ANNUAL REPORT

## Contents

- 1 Corporate	Profile
- 2 Chairman and CEO Statement
- 4 Board of Directors
- 5 Executive	Officer
- 6 Corporate Structure
- 7 Operations	and	Financial	Review
- 10 Corporate Information
- 11 Corporate	Governance	Report
- 36 Additional	Information	on	Directors	Seeking	Re-election
- 42 Sustainability	Report
- 58 Directors' Statement
- 62 Independent	Auditors'	Report
- 68 Consolidated	Statement	of	Profit	or	Loss	and	Other	Comprehensive Income	for	the	Financial	Year	Ended	31	July	2022
- 69 Statements	of	Financial	Position	as	at	31	July	2022
- 70 Statement	of	Changes	in	Equity	for	the	Financial	Year	Ended	31	July	2022
- 72 Consolidated	Statement	of	Cash	Flows	for	the	Financial	Year	Ended 31	July	2022
- 74 Notes	to	the	Financial	Statements
- 122 Statistics	of	Shareholdings
- 124 Statistics	of	Warrantholdings
- 125 Notice	of	Annual	General	Meeting Proxy	Form

This	annual	report	has	been	reviewed	by	the	Company's	sponsor,	SAC	Capital	Private	Limited	(the	' Sponsor ').	This	annual report	has	not	been	examined	or	approved	by	the	Singapore	Exchange	Securities	Trading	Limited	(the	' SGX-ST ') and the SGX-ST	assumes	no	responsibility	for	the	contents	 	 	 of	this	annual	report,	including	the	correctness	of	any	of	the	statements	or opinions	made,	or	reports	contained	in	this	annual	report.

The	contact	person	for	the	Sponsor	is	Ms	Lee	Khai	Yinn,	at	1	Robinson	Road,	#21-00	AIA	Tower,	Singapore	048542, telephone	(65)	6232	3210.

<!-- image -->

LifeBrandz	Ltd.	(' LifeBrandz '	or	the	' Company ', and	 together	 with	 its	 subsidiaries,	 the	 ' Group ' or the ' LifeBrandz  Group ') was	 established in	 2001	 and	 has	 been	 listed	 in	 Singapore	 since 2004.	 LifeBrandz	 is	 a	 brand	 development	 and management	 Group	 with	 interests in sectors related	 to	 lifestyle	 and	 entertainment.	 In	 2006, LifeBrandz	focused	its	pursuit	in	the	development of the lifestyle business,	 catering to the hip and	 trend-setting	 crowd	 in	 Singapore,	 quickly establishing	 itself	 amongst	 the	 most	 dynamic lifestyle	players	in	both	the	country	and	the	region.

Since 2017, LifeBrandz Group initiated its transformation and diversification into other services	 and	 multi-faceted	 solutions	 including, inter	 alia,	 brand	 development	 and	 management, travel	and	food	and	beverages	(' F&amp;B ').

<!-- image -->

The Group performed a strategic review in December	 2020	 and	 subsequently carried it out	 by	 disposing	 and/or	 ceasing	 a	 number	 of underperforming entities/businesses within its business	 portfolio	 in	 February	 2021.	 Thereafter, LifeBrandz	embarked	on	several	corporate	actions and	 successfully	 raised	 funds	 to	 strengthen	 its financial	 position,	 enabling	 LifeBrandz	 to	 search for and	 to evaluate potential deals that will generate	revenue	and	growth	to	provide	a	viable sustainable	business	for	the	Group.

LifeBrandz	 acquired	 The	 Green	 Bar	 Pte.	 Ltd. (' TGB '),	 a	 company	incorporated	in	Singapore	and is	principally	engaged	in	the	F&amp;B,	particularly	the sale	of	gourmet	salads,	in	April	2022.	Leveraging on	TGB's	brand	and	following,	Superfood	Kitchen Pte. Ltd. (' SFK '),	 which	 focuses	 on	 making nutrition	 accessible	 to	 all,	 was	 launched	 in	 late September	2022.

## LifeBrandz is a brand development and management Group with interests in sectors related to lifestyle and entertainment.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The Group recorded a revenue of S$0.22 million in FY2022 as compared to a revenue of S$0.03 million in FY2021 mainly due to higher sales from the Mulligan's Irish Pub business in Pattaya, Thailand and the revenue contribution from TGB, following its acquisition on 29 April 2022

## Dear Shareholders

On	 behalf	 of	 the	 Board,	 I	 present	 the	 annual report	 of	 LifeBrandz	 Ltd.	 (' LifeBrandz '  or  the ' Company ',	 and	 together	 with	 its	 subsidiaries, the	 ' Group ')	 for	 the	 year	 ended	 31	 July	 (' FY ') 2022.

## Review of FY2022

Following	the	restructuring,	streamlining	and	cost management	 activities	 undertaken	 in	 FY2021, the	 Group	 started	 its	 financial	 year	 2022	 with	 a healthier	 balance	 sheet	 with	 the	 operations	 of just	the	Mulligan's	Irish	Pub	in	Pattaya,	Thailand. By	 the	 end	 of	 April	 2022,	 we	 had	 completed the acquisition of TGB,	 which	 specialises	 in homemade	gourmet	salads	and	has	an	outlet	at Alexandra	 Retail	 Centre.	 Following	 the	 lifting	 of most	of	the	Covid-19	measures	on	26	April	2022 in	Singapore,	TGB	generated	higher	sales	in	May 2022	 as	 compared	 to	 the	 months	 before	 April 2022.	The	further	lifting	of	Covid-19	measures	on 29	August	2022	in	Singapore,	particularly	where masks	 were	 no	 longer	 required	 in	 most	 places, continued	to	improve	TGB's	sales.

TGB	 has	 been	 operating for more	 than 10 years	 and	 thus,	 leveraging	 on	 TGB's	 brand,	 the Group	 launched	 Superfood	 Kitchen	 (held	 under

<!-- image -->

Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd., a	 75%-owned subsidiary	 of	 the	 Company)	 in	 late	 September 2022.	 Superfood	 Kitchen	 is	 a	 nutrition-focused takeout	 concept	 featuring	 delicious	 recipes	 at wallet-friendly	prices.

The	 1 st dual	 concept	 Superfood	 Kitchen	 outlet was	opened	at	Raffles	City	Shopping	Mall.	It	was followed	by	the	opening	of	its	2 nd outlet	at	Changi Airport	 Terminal	 3	 and	 a	 3 rd outlet	 at	 Jurong Point	 Shopping	 Mall.	 All	 3	 outlets	 started	 with encouraging	 results.	 A	 central	 kitchen	 was	 also set  up  to  support  the  expansion  of  Superfood Kitchen	and	TGB.

There	are	plans	to	open	more	outlets	in	the	future, taking	into	consideration	the	performance	of	the new	 Superfood	 Kitchen	 and	 TGB	 outlets,	 and timing	new	openings	along	with	the	availability	of attractive	and	cost	beneficial	locations.

The	 easing	 of	 various	 Covid-19	 restrictions	 in July	 2022	 in	 Thailand	 is	 a	 positive	 development for	 F&amp;B	 businesses	 in	 Thailand.	 Further,	 with the	 re-opening	 of	 international	 borders,	 more international travellers, especially tourists, are expected	to	travel	to	Thailand,	and	we	are	hopeful it	 can	 help	 improve	 the	 performance	 of	 the Mulligan's	Irish	Pub	in	Pattaya.

In	 terms	 of	 financial	 performance,	 the	 Group recorded	a	revenue	of	S$0.22	million	in	FY2022 as	 compared	 to	 a	 revenue	 of	 S$0.03	 million	 in FY2021,	 representing	 an	 approximate	 6.3	 times increase	 from	 FY2021	 to	 FY2022.	 The	 increase was	mainly	due	to	higher	sales	from	the	Mulligan's Irish	 Pub	 business	 in	 Pattaya,	 Thailand	 and	 the revenue contribution from TGB,	 following its acquisition	on	29	April	2022.

The	Group's	continuing	operations	recorded	a	loss before	income	tax	of	S$1.09	million	in	FY2022	as compared	to	a	profit	of	S$0.71	million	in	FY2021. However,	 the	 Group's	 FY2021	 profits	 of	 S$0.71 million	 included	 several	 one-off	 income	 items arising	 from	 the	 restructuring	 exercise	 carried out	 by	 the	 Group	 in	 FY2021.	 Excluding	 one-off income	of	S$2.41	million	in	FY2021,	the	Group's continuing	operations	would	have	recorded	a	loss before	tax	of	S$1.70	million.

Hence, in essence, the Group	 increased its revenue	by	approximately	6.3	times	from	FY2021 to	 FY2022,	 and	 reduced	 its	 losses	 from	 S$1.70 million	in	FY2021	to	S$1.09	million	in	FY2022.

## Outlook

Since	 the	 beginning	 of	 2022,	 Singapore	 and Thailand	 have	 been	 relaxing	 border	 restrictions as	 well	 as	 gradually	 lifting	 Covid-19	 measures. These	developments	bode	well	for	the	F&amp;B	sector, and	we	believe	our	businesses	in	Singapore	and Thailand	will	benefit	from	them.

The	outlook	for	the	F&amp;B	businesses	in	Singapore and	Thailand	is	turning	positive	when	we	view	it through	the	lens	of	the	lifting	of	Covid-19	measures (especially	 the	 removal	 of	 social	 distancing)	 and relaxation	 of	 border	 restrictions.	 However,	 there are	still	challenges	faced	by	the	F&amp;B	sector	that we	are	not	immune	to.

## CHAIRMAN AND CEO Statement

The	 manpower	 crunch	 in	 Singapore	 has	 led	 to high	demand	and	competition	for	staff,	and	thus resulting	 in	 higher	 staff	 costs.	 To	 mitigate	 the manpower crunch, we installed self-ordering kiosks	 at	 the	 new	 Superfood	 Kitchen	 outlets. As	 an	 added	 feature,	 it	 also	 provides	 real-time nutritional	content	of	the	customers'	customised meal	 choice,	 as	 they	 make	 and	 complete	 their orders.

Inflationary	pressures	have	also	led	to	higher	cost of	 operations,	 including	 higher	 food	 costs.	 The ongoing	 global	 geopolitical	 conflicts	 has	 also impacted	global	economies	as	supply	chains	are disrupted.	We	are	monitoring	food	costs	closely and	are	also	actively	looking	for	suppliers	with	the quality	at	the	optimal	terms.

Despite	these	challenges,	there	are	reasons	to	be positive	 and	 we	 are	 cautiously	 optimistic	 about the  prospects  of  the  Group's  businesses  and will	continue	to	explore	possible	opportunities	to deliver	sustainable	value	to	shareholders.

On	behalf	of	the	Group,	I	would	like	to	thank	our shareholders,	fellow	Board	members,	employees, and	stakeholders	 for	 your	 continued	 support	 as we	rebuild	LifeBrandz.

## LAM SIEW KEE

Executive Chairman &amp; CEO

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF Directors

## LAM SIEW KEE

Executive Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

Appointed	on	11	March	2021

Mr.	 Lam	 is	 our	 Executive	 Chairman	 and	 Chief Executive	Officer,	and	is	responsible	for	setting	the strategic	 direction	 of	 our	 Group	 together	 with	 the Board.	He	oversees	the	overall	management	of	our Group,	including	 steering	 the	 business	 and	 operations for	future	growth	and	expansion.	Mr.	Lam	has	more than	 19	 years'	 of	 corporate	 finance	 experience	 in advising	 both	 public	 and	 private	 companies	 in	 his previous	employments,	including	stints	in	UBS	and PricewaterhouseCoopers	 Corporate	 Finance	 Pte. Ltd.,	where	he	was	involved	in	initial	public	offerings, equity	 and	 debt	 fund	 raising	 exercises	 as	 well	 as divestments,	merger	and	acquisition	and	corporate restructuring	exercises.

Mr.	Lam	graduated	from	the	Nanyang	Technological University	with	a	Bachelor	of	Accountancy	in	1992 and	 he	 is	 currently	 a	 member	 of	 the	 Institute	 of Singapore	Chartered	Accountants.

## ANG PUAK HUEN

Executive Director &amp; Chief Operating Officer

<!-- image -->

Appointed	on	10	February	2021

Ms. Ang is our Executive Director and Chief Operating	Officer,	 and	 is	 responsible	 for	 designing and	 implementing	 business	 strategies,	 plans	 and procedures	of	the	Company.	She	oversees	the	dayto-day	operations	of	the	Company	and	participates in	 all	 business	 activities	 and	 corporate	 matters. Ms.	 Ang	 has	 more	 than	 10	 years'	 experience	 and exposure in project management, operational management	and	stakeholder	management.

## LIM YIT KEONG

Lead Independent Director

Appointed	on	30	April	2019

Mr.	Lim	is	the	Chairman	of	the	Audit	Committee	and a	 member	 of	 the	 Nominating	 and	 Remuneration Committees.	 Mr.	 Lim	 is	 currently	 an	 independent director of China Kunda Technology Holdings Limited	and	a	management	consultant	with	Capital Consulting	Pte.	Ltd.	He	founded	Capital	Consulting Pte.	Ltd.	in	2000.	He	has	over	35	years'	of	experience

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

in	 finance	 with	 Global	 Knowledge	 Network	 Pte. Ltd.,	 KPMG,	 Dornier	 Asia	 Medical	 Systems	 Pte. Ltd.,	 Bena	 Consultancy	 Services,	 Braun	 GmbH and	Wearnes	Technology	Pte.	Ltd.,	holding	various senior	financial	positions.	He	is	a	Fellow	Member	of the	Association	of	Chartered	Certified	Accountants (United	Kingdom)	and	a	member	of	the	Institute	of Singapore	Chartered	Accountants.

## WANG XIAOLAN

<!-- image -->

Appointed	on	10	February	2021

Ms.	 Wang	 is	 the	 Chairman	 of	 the	 Nominating Committee,	 is	 also	 a	 member	 of	 the	 Audit	 and Remuneration	 Committees.	 Ms.	 Wang	 is	 currently the	 Vice	 President,	 Corporate	 Development	 and Human	 Resource	 of	 TOTM	 Technologies	 Limited. She	is	involved	in	equity	financing	exercises,	merger and	 acquisition	 deals	 as	 well	 as	 overseeing	 the human	resource	department.	Prior	to	this,	Ms.	Wang has	gained	wide	exposure	in	operation	and	project management,	with	more	than	10	years'	experience in	 various	 industries.	 Ms.	 Wang	 graduated	 with Bachelor	of	Science	in	Management	with	Accounting from	Royal	Holloway,	University	of	London.	She	is a  member  of  the  Chartered  Governance  Institute (Singapore) and an associate of Chartered Secretaries	Institute	of	Singapore.

## LIM U WEI RALPH HOWARD

Independent Director

Appointed	on	10	June	2021

Mr. Lim	 is	 the	 Chairman	 of	 the	 Remuneration Committee	 and	 is	 also	 a	 member	 of	 the	 Audit and	 Nominating	 Committees.	 	 Mr.	 Lim	 is	 currently a	 Director	 with	 Prolegis	 LLC,	 a	 Singapore	 law firm.	 	 He	 has	 more	 than	 25	 years'	 experience advising	corporates	ranging	from	start-ups	to	listed companies	and	MNCs	on	a	wide	range	of	corporate and	 commercial	 matters	 including	 capital	 market transactions	as	well	as	private	and	public	mergers and	 acquisitions.	 Mr.	 Lim	 previously	 headed	 the corporate	 practice	 in	 the	 Singapore	 office	 of	 an international	law	practice.		Mr.	Lim	graduated	with	a LLB	(Honours)	from	the	University	of	Sheffield	and	is an	Advocate	and	Solicitor	of	Singapore.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## THNG TIEN LUNG

Financial Controller

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Mr.	 Thng	 joined	 the	 Company	 as	 the	 Financial Controller	since	16	August	2021.

Following	the	resignation	of	the	Company	previous Chief	 Financial	 Officer	 on	 30	 November	 2021,	 the Company	has	on	24	December	2021	appointed	Mr. Thng	as	a	key	management	personnel	and	executive officer	 of	 the	 Company.	 Mr.	 Thng	 oversees	 the financial,	 accounting,	 and	 taxation	 matters	 of	 the Group.	He	heads	the	finance	team	and	supports	the senior	management	team	on	investments	made	by our Group.

He	has	more	than	20	years'	experience	in	financial, accounting	 and	 business	 management.	 He	 holds a	 Bachelor	 of	 Accountancy	 degree	 from	 Nanyang Technological	 University of	 Singapore	 and	 is	 a Chartered	Accountant	of	the	Institute	of	Singapore Chartered Accountants.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Review of Income Statement

## Revenue

## OPERATIONS AND Financial Review

## GROUP

| S$'000  %  S$'000  %  %  Food and Beverage revenue  - Singapore  132  60%  3  9%  &gt;100%  - Thailand  88  40%  31  91%  &gt;100%  220  100%  34  100%  &gt;100%  FY2022  Contribution  FY2021  Contribution  Increase /  (Decrease)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The	Group	recorded	approximately	S$0.22	million from	 F&amp;B	 revenue	 for	 the	 financial	 year	 ended 31	 July	 2022	 (' FY2022 '),	 an	 increase	 of	 S$0.19 million	 compared	to	the	financial	year	ended	31 July	2021	(' FY2021 ').

The	increase	 in	 F&amp;B	 revenue	 from	 Singapore	 of S$0.13	million	in	FY2022	was	mainly	due	to	the revenue	 generated	 from	 TGB	 that	 was	 acquired by	 the	 Group	 on	 29	 April	 2022.	 The	 increase	 in revenue	from	Thailand	of	S$0.06	million	was	due to	 recovery	 from	 Covid-19	 pandemic	 in	 view of	 relaxation	 of	 Covid-19	 measures	 and	 border restrictions	by	the	Thailand	Government.

## Other operating income

Decrease	 in	 other	 operating	 income	 of	 S$2.29 million	was	mainly	due	to	the	following	transactions which	occurred	in	FY2021	but	not	in	FY2022:	(i) waiver	of	 loans	 from	 shareholders	 amounting	 to S$2.14	million;	and	(ii)	gain	on	termination	of	lease of	S$0.15	million	due	to	cessation	of	operation	of Hashida Sushi.

## Costs &amp; expenses

Inventories	and	consumables	used	increased	by S$0.04	million	to	S$0.06	million	in	FY2022	which is	 in	 tandem	 with	 the	 increase	 in	 the	 Group's revenue	and	following	the	acquisition	of	TGB.

Amortisation and depreciation expenses increased by	 S$0.04	 million	 to	 S$0.05	 million	 in	 FY2022 mainly	due	to	increase	in	depreciation	of	plant	and equipment	arising	from	acquisition	of	TGB.

Employee	 benefits	 increased	 by	 S$0.11	 million from	S$0.72	million	in	FY2021	to	S$0.83	million in	 FY2022	 mainly	 due	 to	 additional	 employee salaries	and	benefits	following	the	acquisition	of TGB.

Lease	expenses	decreased	by	S$0.06	million	to S$0.03	million	mainly	due	to	rental	of	short	term and	cost-efficient	office	space	in	FY2022.

Other	 operating	 expenses	 decreased	 by	 S$0.45 million to S$0.16 million mainly due to the following	 expenses	 recognised	 in	 FY2021	 but

## OPERATIONS AND Financial Review

<!-- image -->

not	 in	 FY2022:	 (i)	 bad	 debt	 expenses	 of	 S$0.17 million;	(ii)	general	expenses	of	S$0.09	million;	and (iii)	 professional	 fees	 for	 fundraising	 exercises	 of S$0.14	million.

As	a	result	 of	 the	 factors	 mentioned	 above,	 the Group	recorded	a	decrease	in	total	expenses	of S$0.30	million	to	S$1.45	million	in	FY2022,	from S$1.75	million	in	FY2021.

## (Loss)/Profit before income tax

Overall, the Group's continuing operations recorded	 a	 loss	 before	 income	 tax	 of	 S$1.09 million	 in	 FY2022	 as	 compared	 to	 a	 profit	 of S$0.71	million	in	 FY2021	for	the	reasons	stated above.

Excluding	one	off	income	in	FY2021	from	(i)	waiver of	loans	from	shareholders	amounting	to	S$2.14 million;	(ii)	gain	on	termination	of	lease	of	S$0.15 million;	 and	 (iii)	 reversal	 of	 reinstatement	 cost	 of S$0.12	million,	the	Group's	continuing	operations would	have	recorded	a	loss	before	income	tax	of S$1.70	million	in	FY2021.	Accordingly,	the	Group's loss	before	income	tax	from	continuing	operations would	have	narrowed	down	by	S$0.61	million	in FY2022.

## Review of Statement of Financial Position

## Current assets

The	Group's	current	assets	decreased	by	S$1.43 million	to	S$3.15	million	as	at	31	July	2022,	from S$4.58	million	as	at	31	July	2021.	This	was	mainly due	 to	 a	 decrease	 in	 cash	 and	 cash	 equivalent of	 S$1.58	 million	 arising	 mainly	 from	 cash	 used in	(i)	operating	activities	of	S$1.25	million	and	(ii) financing	activities	of	S$0.35	million.	The	decrease was	 partially	 offset	 by	 an	 increase	 in	 trade	 and other	receivables	of	S$0.15	million,	mainly	due	to rental	deposits	placed	for	new	outlets.

## Non-current assets

Non-current	 assets	 increased	 by	 S$0.08	 million to	S$0.09	million	as	at	31	July	2022	from	S$0.01 million	 as	 at	 31	 July	 2021.	 This	 was	 mainly	 due to	additions	to	plant	and	equipment	and	goodwill arising	from	the	acquisition	of	TGB.

## Current liabilities

The Group's current liabilities decreased by S$0.25	million,	to	S$0.75	million	as	at	31	July	2022 from	S$1.00	million	as	at	31	July	2021	mainly	due to	 repayment	 of	 amount	 due	 to	 shareholders	 of S$0.27	million,	offset	by	addition	of	lease	liabilities of	S$0.05	million	from	the	acquisition	of	TGB.

<!-- image -->

## Non-current liabilities

There	are	no	non-current	liabilities	for	the	Group as	at	31	July	2022	and	31	July	2021.

## Total Equity

Equity	 attributable	 to	 owners	 of	 the	 Company amounted	to	S$2.48	million	as	at	31	July	2022, decreased	by	S$1.10	million	from	S$3.58	million as	at	31	July	2022.	The	decrease	was	mainly	due	to (i)	a	net	loss	of	S$1.05	million	recorded	in	FY2022; (ii)	decrease	in	foreign	currency	translation	reserve of	 S$0.03	 million;	 and	 (iii)	 change	 in	 interests	 in a	 subsidiary	 without	 loss	 of	 control	 of	 S$0.02 million.

## Review of Statement of Cash Flows

The	 Group's	 net	 cash	 flows	 used	 in	 operating activities	in	FY2022	was	S$1.25	million,	mainly	due to	net	operating	cash	outflow	before	changes	in working	capital	of	S$1.04	million	and	net	working capital	outflow	of	S$0.21	million.

The	 net	 cash	 flows	 generated	 from	 investing activities	in	FY2022	was	S$0.02	million,	mainly	due to	 acquisition	 of	 TGB	of	S$0.05	million,	partially offset	 by	 purchase	 of	 plant	 and	 equipment	 of S$0.03	million.

The	 net	 cash	 flows	 used	 in	 financing	 activities in	 FY2022	 was	 S$0.35	 million,	 mainly	 due	 to the	 repayment	 of	 amount	 due	 to	 shareholders of	 S$0.27	 million	 and	 lease	 liabilities	 of	 S$0.04 million.

As	a	result,	cash	and	cash	equivalents	stood	at S$2.87	million	as	at	31	July	2022.

## OPERATIONS AND Financial Review

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE Information

## REGISTERED OFFICE

30	Cecil	Street	#19-08 Prudential	Tower Singapore	049712 Website:	www.lifebrandz.com

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Lam Siew Kee

(Executive	Chairman	&amp;	Chief	Executive	Officer)

## Ang Puak Huen

(Executive	Director	&amp;	Chief	Operating	Officer)

Lim Yit Keong

(Lead	Independent	Director)

Wang Xiaolan (Independent	Director)

## Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

(Independent	Director)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Lim	Yit	Keong

(Chairman)

Wang	Xiaolan

(Member)

Lim	U	Wei	Ralph	Howard	 (Member)

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Wang	Xiaolan

(Chairman)

Lim	Yit	Keong

(Member)

Lim	U	Wei	Ralph	Howard	 (Member)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Lim	U	Wei	Ralph	Howard		 (Chairman)

Lim	Yit	Keong

(Member)

Wang	Xiaolan

(Member)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Shirley	Tan	Sey	Liy	(ACS,	ACG)

## SHARE REGISTRAR AND SHARE TRANSFER OFFICE

In.Corp Corporate Services Pte. Ltd. 30	Cecil	Street	#19-08 Prudential	Tower Singapore	049712

<!-- image -->

## AUDITORS

Mazars LLP 135	Cecil	Street #10-01

Singapore	069536

## AUDIT PARTNER-IN-CHARGE

## Zhang Liang

(appointed	from	financial	year	ended	31	July 2022)

## SPONSOR

SAC Capital Private Limited 1	Robinson	Road,	#21-00 AIA	Tower Singapore	048542

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

United Overseas Bank Limited 80	Raffles	Place 1	UOB	Plaza Singapore	048624

## INVESTOR RELATIONS

Email:	invest@lifebrandz.com

<!-- image -->

## INTRODUCTION

The Board of Directors (the ' Board '  or  the  ' Directors ')  of  LifeBrandz  Ltd.  (the  ' Company '  and  together  with  its subsidiaries,  the  ' Group ')  is  committed  to  ensuring  that  the  highest  standards  of  corporate  governance  and transparency are practised by the Group. The Board views compliance with high standards of corporate governance and transparency as a fundamental part of discharging its responsibilities to act in the best interests of the Company and to protect and enhance long-term value for its shareholders (the ' Shareholders ').

This  report  outlines  the  corporate  governance  policies  adopted  and  practised  by  the  Group  for  the  financial  year ended 31 July 2022 (' FY2022 ') with specific reference made to the principles and provisions as set out in the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') and its accompanying Practice Guidance issued by the Monetary Authority of  Singapore.  Pursuant to Rule 710 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ')  of  the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading  Limited  (' SGX-ST '),  the  Company  confirms  that  it  has  complied  with  the principles  of  the  Code  and  in  respect  of  any  deviation  from  any  provisions  of  the  Code,  it  has  explicitly  stated  the provision from which it has varied, explained the reason for variation, and explained how the practices it had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant principle.

The Company will continue to enhance its corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of  its  business  and  to  review  such  practices  from  time  to  time  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  Catalist  Rules.  This report is divided into five main sections: (1) Board Matters; (2) Remuneration Matters; (3) Accountability and Audit; (4) Shareholder Rights and Engagement; and (5) Managing Stakeholders Relationships.

## 1. BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Affairs

Principle 1:  The  company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

Provision  1.1:  Directors  are  fiduciaries  who  act  objectively  in  the  best  interests  of  the  company  and  hold Management  accountable  for  performance.  The  Board  puts  in  place  a  code  of  conduct  and  ethics,  sets appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and ensures proper accountability within the company. Directors facing conflicts of interest recuse themselves from discussions and decisions involving the issues of conflict.

The Board is accountable to the Shareholders and oversees the overall management of the business and affairs of the Group, including providing leadership and supervision to the Management of the Group (the ' Management ') to protect and enhance long-term value and returns for its Shareholders.

The Board exercises due diligence and independent judgment in dealing with the business affairs of the Group and are fiduciaries who are obliged to act in good faith and to make objective decisions in the best interests of the Group and its Shareholders.

Besides carrying out its statutory responsibilities, the Board sees its role as follows, and acts accordingly to fulfil its role in the Company:

- (a) sets the strategic direction and long-term goals of the Group and ensures that adequate resources are available to meet these objectives;
- (b) reviews and approves corporate strategies, annual budgets and financial plans, investment and divestment proposals, and major funding proposals of the Group to achieve its long-term goals;
- (c) reviews and monitors the Management's performance towards achieving the goals that have been set;
- (d) reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, risks management systems, and the financial information reporting systems;

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

- (e) ensures  the  Group's  compliance  to  laws,  regulations,  policies,  directives,  guidelines  and  internal  code  of conduct;
- (f) approves nominees for Directors or key executives put forward by the Nominating Committee (' NC ')  to  the Board,  and  deliberates  on  the  appointment  of  the  external  auditor  recommended  by  the  Audit  Committee (' AC ');
- (g) delegates the task, but retains the responsibility, of viewing and approving the remuneration packages for the Board and key executives to the Remuneration Committee (' RC ');
- (h) ensures accurate, adequate and timely reporting to, and communication with Shareholders;
- (i) sets  the  Group's  values  and  standards,  to  identify  and  ensure  that  obligations  to  Shareholders  and  other stakeholders are understood and met; and
- (j) considers sustainability issues, such as environmental and social factors as part of its strategic formation.

The Company has in place an Employee Handbook which covers, inter alia , Conflict of Interest and Code of Conduct guidelines. All employees of the Group are to uphold the principles set out in the Employee Handbook and conduct themselves with high standards of integrity that are in compliance with laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which it operates.

Each Director is required to promptly disclose any conflict or potential conflict of interest, whether direct or indirect, in relation to a transaction or proposed transaction with the Group as soon as it is practicable after the relevant fact has come to his/her knowledge. Where a Director has a conflict or potential conflict of interest in relation to any matter, he/she should immediately declare his/her interest when the conflict-related matter is discussed, unless the Board is  of  the  opinion  that  his/her  presence  and  participation  is  necessary  to  enhance  the  efficacy  of  such  discussion. Nonetheless, he/she is abstained from voting in relation to the conflict-related matters.

Provision  1.2:  Directors  understand  the  company's  business  as  well  as  their  directorship  duties  (including their  roles  as  executive,  non-executive and independent directors). Directors are provided with opportunities to  develop  and  maintain  their  skills  and  knowledge  at  the  company's  expense.  The  induction,  training  and development provided to new and existing directors are disclosed in the company's annual report.

The Board ensures that newly-appointed Directors will be orientated on the Group's business strategies, operations and governance practices to facilitate the effective discharge of their duties. The Executive Directors are appointed by way of service agreements while the Non-Executive Directors are appointed by way of letters of appointment. The duties  and  responsibilities  of  Directors  are  clearly  set  out  in  these  service  agreements  and  letters  of  appointment. Pursuant to the amended Rule 406(3)(a) of the Catalist Rules, the Company will arrange newly appointed Directors who do not have prior experience as a director of a public listed company in Singapore (' First-time Directors ')  to attend SGX-ST's prescribed training courses organised by the Singapore Institute of Directors (' SID ') on the roles and responsibilities  of  a  director  of  a  listed  company  within  one  (1)  year  from  their  appointment  dates,  or  other  training institutions  in  areas  such  as  management,  accounting,  legal  and  industry  specific  knowledge,  where  appropriate,  in connection with their duties. During FY2022, no new Director was appointed.

To  ensure  that  the  Board  keeps  pace  with  regulatory  changes,  the  Company  works  closely  with  professionals  to provide its  Directors  with  pertinent  information  in  relation  to  changes  to  relevant  laws,  regulations  and  accounting standards. Any updates relating to changes in the Catalist Rules and/or corporate governance guidelines are circulated to Directors on a timely basis. Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and receive training to improve themselves in the discharge of their duties as Directors at the Company's expense. The Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') will update the Board regularly on business and strategic developments relating to the Group.

During FY2022, the Directors were provided with briefings and updates on: (i) the developments in financial reporting by the external auditor, Mazars LLP; (ii) changes in the relevant laws and regulations pertaining to the Group's business and changing commercial risks and business conditions of the Group by the Management during the Board and/or Board Committee meetings; and (iii) updates relating to changes in the Catalist Rules and the Code by the Company Secretary and the continuing sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited. As of the date of this report, all Directors have attended the mandatory training on Environmental, Social and Governance (' ESG ').

## Corporate Governance Report

Provision  1.3:  The  Board  decides  on  matters  that  require  its  approval  and  clearly  communicates  this  to Management in writing. Matters requiring board approval are disclosed in the company's annual report.

Matters  which  are  specifically  reserved  to  the  full  Board  for  decision  and  approval  include,  among  others,  those involving:

- (i) corporate strategic plans and budgets;
- (ii) material acquisitions and disposal of assets;
- (iii) major funding proposals and investments;
- (iv) corporate and financial restructuring;
- (v) Group's quarterly and full-year financial result announcements;
- (vi) share issuances, dividends and other returns to Shareholders;
- (vii) matters involving conflict of interests for a substantial Shareholder or a Director; and
- (viii) interested person transactions.

Provision 1.4: Board committees, including Executive Committees (if any), are formed with clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties, including reporting back to the Board. The names of the committee members, the terms of reference, any delegation of the Board's authority to make decisions, and a summary of each committee's activities, are disclosed in the company's annual report.

The Board has delegated specific responsibilities to three (3) board committees. These committees include the AC, the NC and the RC (collectively, the ' Board Committees '). These Board Committees function within clearly defined terms of reference and operating procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis. Where necessary, the terms of reference and operating procedures would be updated to keep in line with the Catalist Rules and the Code.

These committees have the authority to examine particular issues within their terms of reference and report back to the Board with a fair recommendation. The ultimate responsibility for the final decision on all matters lies with the Board. The effectiveness of each committee is also constantly reviewed by the Board.

More  details  on  each  of  the  Board  Committees,  including  the  names  of  the  committee  members,  the  terms  of reference, any delegation of the Board's authority to make decisions and a summary of their activities, are set out in the further sections of this report.

Provision 1.5: Directors attend and actively participate in Board and board committee meetings. The number of such meetings and each individual director's attendances at such meetings are disclosed in the company's annual report. Directors with multiple board representations ensure that sufficient time and attention are given to the affairs of each company.

## Corporate

## Governance Report

The Board meets at least two (2) times a year, with additional meetings convened as necessary. Board meetings are held in Singapore and the Directors attend the meetings regularly. To facilitate meetings, the Company's Constitution (the ' Constitution ') allows for meetings to be held through telephone and/or videoconference. For FY2022, the matrix on the frequency of the meetings and the attendance of Directors at these meetings is set out as follows:

| Board  AC  NC  RC  AGM  EGM  No. of meetings held  4  4  1  1  1  1  No. of meetings attended by each Directors  Mr. Lam Siew Kee  4  4*  1*  1*  1  1  Ms. Ang Puak Huen  4  4*  1*  1*  1  1  Mr. Lim Yit Keong  4  4  1  1  1  1  Ms. Wang Xiaolan  4  4  1  1  1  1  Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard  4  4  1  1  1  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* By Invitation

Due to the COVID-19 situation, the following general meetings of the Company which attended by all the Directors as at the date of the general meetings, were held by way of electronic means:

- a. Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') held on 25 November 2021; and
- b. Extraordinary General Meeting (' EGM ') held on 25 November 2021.

While the Board considers Directors' attendance at Board meetings as important, it should not be the only criterion to measure their contributions. The Board also takes into account the contributions by Board members in other forms, including periodic reviews and the provision of guidance and advice on various matters relating to the Group.

When a Director has multiple board representations, the NC will consider whether or not the Director is able to and has adequately carried out his/her duties as a Director of the Company, taking into consideration the Director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments. In support of their candidature for directorship or re-election, Directors are to provide the NC with details of their other commitments and an indication of the time involved.

Provision  1.6:  Management  provides  directors  with  complete,  adequate  and  timely  information  prior  to meetings and on an on-going basis to enable them to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities.

Directors  are  furnished  regularly  with  information  from  the  Management  about  the  Group  as  well  as  the  relevant background information relating to the business to be discussed at Board and Board Committee meetings. Board papers which contain sufficient information on the issues to be considered are prepared and circulated to the Directors in advance for each meeting to give the Directors sufficient time to review the matters to be discussed. The Directors are entitled to request from the Management and should be provided with such additional information as needed to make informed decisions and the Management shall provide the same in a timely manner.

Provision 1.7: Directors have separate and independent access to Management, the company secretary, and external advisers (where necessary) at the company's expense. The appointment and removal of the company secretary is a decision of the Board as a whole.

The Directors have separate and independent access to the Management, the Company Secretary and the external advisers (where necessary) at all times. Queries by individual Directors on the Company's developments, management proposals or papers are directed and answered by the Management.

The Company Secretary or her representative(s) will attend Board and Board Committee meetings and ensure that Board procedures and other applicable rules and regulations including the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act '), the Constitution and the Catalist Rules are followed. The Company Secretary also

## Corporate Governance Report

ensures good information flows within the Board and the Board Committees and between the Management and NonExecutive Directors, and also assist with the circulation of Board papers and the updating of the Directors on changes in laws and regulations relevant to the Group. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is subject to the Board's approval.

The Board in fulfilling its responsibilities, can as a group or individually, when deemed fit, may direct the Company to appoint professional advisers to render professional advice. The Board takes independent professional advice as and when necessary to enable it or the Independent Directors to discharge their responsibilities effectively. The cost of such service shall be borne by the Group.

## Board Composition and Guidance

Principle 2: The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

Provision 2.1: An 'independent' director is one who is independent in conduct, character and judgement, and has no relationship with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the director's independent business judgement in the best interests of the company.

As at the date of this report, the Board comprises five (5) members, consisting of two (2) Executive Directors, and three (3) Independent Directors as follows:

| Name of Directors  Designation  AC  NC  RC  Mr. Lam Siew Kee  Executive Chairman &amp; CEO  -  -  -  Ms. Ang Puak Huen  Executive Director &amp; COO  -  -  -  Mr. Lim Yit Keong  Lead Independent Director  Chairman  Member  Member  Ms. Wang Xiaolan  Independent Director  Member  Chairman  Member  Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard  Independent Director  Member  Member  Chairman   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The independence of each Director is reviewed annually and as and when circumstances required by the NC based on the guidelines set out in the Code and the Catalist Rules. Particularly rigorous review is applied when assessing the continued independence of a Director with attention paid to ensuring that his allegiance remains clearly aligned with interests of the Company and all Shareholders.

The  criterion  for  independence  is  determined  based  on  the  definition  as  provided  in  the  Code  and  the  Catalist Rules. The Board considers an 'independent' Director as one who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its officers  or  its  substantial  Shareholders  that  could  interfere,  or  be  reasonably  perceived  to  interfere, with the exercise of the Directors' independent business judgment with a view to the best interests of the Group.

In line with the Code, the NC also introduced the peer assessment of independence of each Director who has served the  Board beyond nine (9) years. The peer assessments considered, inter  alia ,  the  contribution  by  the  Director,  the uniqueness of his/her skills and participation at meetings. The NC also considers a Director's competency, participation in meetings, and ability to exercise independent and objective judgement, and ensures that there are no relationships or  circumstances  which  will  affect  his/her  judgement  and  ability  to  discharge  his  duties  and  responsibilities  as  a Director.

The Board, taking into account the NC's view, has confirmed that Mr. Lim Yit Keong, Ms. Wang Xiaolan and Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard are independent in character and judgment in accordance with the Code and the Catalist Rules. None of the Independent Directors has served the Company for more than nine (9) years from his/her date of first appointment to the Board.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Provision 2.2: Independent directors make up a majority of the Board where the Chairman is not independent.

As the Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Company are the same person, the Independent Directors comprise more than half of the Board. Accordingly, the Board is of the view that no individual or group is able to dominate the Board's decision-making process.

## Provision 2.3: Non-executive directors make up a majority of the Board.

The Board comprises of five (5) Directors, three (3) of whom are Non-Executive Directors and representing a majority of the Board. All the Board Committees are chaired by Independent Directors and the NC is of the view that no individual or small group of individuals dominates the Board's decision-making process.

Provision 2.4: The Board and board committees are of an appropriate size, and comprise directors who as a group provide the appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience, and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, so as to avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate. The board diversity policy and progress made towards implementing the board diversity policy, including objectives, are disclosed in the company's annual report.

The Board examines its size, taking into account the nature and scope of the Company's operations, to ensure that it is appropriate for effective decision making. The NC is of the view that the current Board size is appropriate and able to function effectively and efficiently. The NC, together with the Board, will continuously and progressively refresh the Board to instill greater knowledge and expertise to the Group. Such direction takes into account the business needs and requirement of the Group and to avoid unnecessary disruption during the time of succession and refreshment to the composition of the Board and Board committees.

The  Board  is  made  up  of  business  leaders  and  professionals  with  business  management  experience,  industry knowledge,  financial  and  strategic  planning  experiences.  A  brief  description  on  the  background  of  each  Director is  presented  on  'Board  of  Directors'  section  in  the  Annual  Report.  The  Board,  taking  into  account  the  NC's  views, considers that the current Board provides an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experiences and knowledge to the Company that will provide effective governance and stewardship for the Group.

The Board recognises the benefits of having a diverse Board to help bring in new ways of thinking, insights and different perspectives to the Board, which will result in productivity and quality of board deliberations. While the Board and the NC have not implemented a fixed diversity policy, the composition of the Board is reviewed on an annual basis by the NC to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of expertise, experience, educational, gender, age and other relevant aspects of diversity of perspectives appropriate to its business, so as to avoid groupthink, foster constructive debate, and enable the Board to make decisions in the best interests of the Company. These differences will  be  considered  in  determining  the  optimum  composition  of  the  Board  and  when  possible  should  be  balanced appropriately. All Board appointments will be based on merit, in the context of the skills, knowledge, experience and independence which the Board as a whole requires to be effective, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Provision 2.5: Non-executive directors and/or independent directors, led by the independent Chairman or other independent director as appropriate, meet regularly without the presence of Management. The chairman of such meetings provides feedback to the Board and/or Chairman as appropriate.

The Independent Directors participate actively in the Board meetings. With their professional expertise and competency in  their  respective  fields  in  the  finance,  accounting  and  commercial  sectors,  the  Independent  Directors  collectively provide constructive advice and guidance for effective discharge by the Board of its principal function over the Group's strategies, businesses and other affairs. The Independent Directors constructively challenge and support the Board on strategy and review Management objectives and monitor the reporting performance.

Where warranted, Independent Directors meet without the presence of Management to review any matter that may be raised privately. During FY2022, the Independent Directors met one time without the presence of Management.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

Provision  3.1:  The  Chairman  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  ('CEO')  are  separate  persons  to  ensure  an appropriate balance of power, increased accountability, and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making.

Provision  3.2:  The  Board  establishes  and  sets  out  in  writing  the  division  of  responsibilities  between  the Chairman and the CEO.

Mr. Lam Siew Kee is the Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Group. As the Chairman of the Company, his duties and responsibilities include:

- leads the Board;
- manages the Board and various Board Committees businesses;
- sets the Board agenda and ensures timeliness and adequacy of information flow;
- ensures effective communication with Shareholders;
- encourages constructive relationship and interaction within the Board and the Management;
- facilitates effective support and contribution of all Directors; and
- continuously pursues high standards of corporate governance.

As  the  CEO  of  the  Company,  Mr.  Lam  Siew  Kee  is  responsible  for  the  business  strategy  and  direction,  the implementation of corporate plans, policies and executive decision-makings of the Group.

There is no concentration of power as the Group is run objectively on a transparent basis and the Board feels that there  is  adequate  representation  of  Independent  Directors  (more  than  half)  on  the  Board.  All  major  decisions  made by the Board are subject to majority approval of the Board. The Board believes that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure an appropriate balance of power and authority in the spirit of good corporate governance.

Provision 3.1 of the Code sets out that the Chairman and CEO should be separate persons to ensure an appropriate balance  of  power,  increased  accountability,  and  greater  capacity  of  the  Board  for  independent  decision  making. However, taking into account the current corporate structure, size, nature and scope of the Group's operations, the Board is of the view that it is presently not necessary to separate the roles of the Chairman and CEO, and there are sufficient safeguards and checks to ensure that the process of decision-making by the Board is independent, based on collective decisions without any individual or group of individuals being able to exercise considerable concentration of power or influence.

Provision  3.3:  The  Board  has  a  lead  independent  director  to  provide  leadership  in  situations  where  the Chairman is conflicted, and especially when the Chairman is not independent. The lead independent director is available to shareholders where they have concerns and for which contact through the normal channels of communication with the Chairman or Management are inappropriate or inadequate.

As Mr. Lam Siew Kee is the Executive Chairman and CEO, the Board has appointed Mr. Lim Yit Keong as the Lead Independent Director of the Company. The Lead Independent Director is available to Shareholders in circumstances where  Shareholders'  concerns  raised  through  normal  channels  to  the  Executive  Chairman  and  CEO,  Executive Director or Financial Controller (' FC ') have failed to resolve or where such communication is inappropriate. Led by the Lead Independent Director, the Independent Directors meet and communicate periodically, via meetings, telephone, electronic devices, to discuss issues without the presence of other Directors and provide feedback to the Chairman of the Board as appropriate.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Board Membership

Principle  4:  The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  process  for  the  appointment  and  reappointment  of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

Provision 4.1: The Board establishes a NC to make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to:

- (a) the review of succession plans for directors, in particular the appointment and/or replacement of the Chairman, the CEO and key management personnel;
- (b) the  process  and  criteria  for  evaluation  of  the  performance  of  the  Board,  its  board  committees  and directors;
- (c) the review of training and professional development programmes for the Board and its directors; and
- (d) the appointment and re-appointment of directors (including alternate directors, if any).

The NC has adopted a written term of reference which describes the responsibilities of the NC and the proceedings at NC meetings. The NC's principal responsibilities are as follows:

- (a) to  make recommendations to the Board on the appointment of new Executive and Non-Executive Directors, including  making  recommendations  on  the  composition  of  the  Board  generally  and  the  balance  between Executive and Non-Executive Directors appointed to the Board, as well as ensuring there are procedures in place for the selection and appointment of Non-Executive Directors;
- (b) to  regularly  review  the  Board  structure,  size  and  composition  and  make  recommendations to the Board with regards to any adjustments that are deemed necessary;
- (c) to be responsible for assessing nominees or candidates for appointment or election to the Board, determining whether or not such nominees have the requisite qualifications and whether or not they are independent;
- (d) to recommend Directors who are retiring by rotation to be put forward for re-election;
- (e) to oversee Management development and succession planning of the Group;
- (f) to decide whether or not a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director of the Company, particularly when he/she has multiple board representations;
- (g) to be responsible for assessing the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and for assessing the contribution of each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board; and
- (h) to carry out such other duties as may be agreed to by the NC and the Board.

The NC also reviews induction programs for new Directors, as well as the training and professional development programs for the continuing training of the Directors.

Provision 4.2: The NC comprises at least three directors, the majority of whom, including the NC Chairman, are independent. The lead independent director, if any, is a member of the NC.

As at the date of this report, the NC comprises three (3) members, all of whom, including the Chairman of NC, are independent. The current members of the NC are:

Ms. Wang Xiaolan

Chairman and Independent Director

Mr. Lim Yit Keong

Member and Lead Independent Director

Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

Member and Independent Director

## Corporate Governance Report

The Lead Independent Director is also a member of the NC. The NC will meet at least once a year.

Provision  4.3:  The  company  discloses  the  process  for  the  selection,  appointment  and  reappointment  of directors to the Board, including the criteria used to identify and evaluate potential new directors and channels used in searching for appropriate candidates in the company's annual report.

## Nomination and Selection

In  the  event  a  new  Director  is  required,  the  search  would  be  conducted  via  recruitment  companies,  contacts  and recommendations so that  the  Company  could  cast  its  net  as  wide  as  possible  for  the  right  candidates.  The  NC will  identify  potential  candidates  for  appointments  based  on  and  after  taking  into  consideration  the  candidates' qualification, knowledge, skills and experience, as well as his/her ability to increase the effectiveness of the Board and the Group's business. The NC will then recommend their nominations to the Board for consideration.

## Election and re-election

New Directors are appointed by way of a Board resolution, upon their nomination by the NC. In accordance with the  Company's  Constitution,  these  new  Directors  who  are  appointed  by  the  Board  are  subject  to  re-election  by Shareholders at the first opportunity after their appointment. The Constitution of the Company also requires one-third of the Board to retire from office at each AGM of the Company. Accordingly, the Directors must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals of at least once every three (3) years which is also in line with Rule 720(4) of the Catalist Rules.

Pursuant to Article 107 of the Company's Constitution, Ms. Ang Puak Huen and Ms. Wang Xiaolan (the ' Retiring Directors ') shall retire by rotation at and be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM. The Retiring Directors have  each  consented  to  the  re-election.  Ms.  Ang  Puak  Huen  will,  upon  re-election  as  a  Director,  remain  as  the Executive Director and COO. Ms. Wang Xiaolan will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as an Independent Director, the Chairman of NC, a member of AC and RC. Ms. Wang Xiaolan is considered independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

The NC has recommended to the Board in which the Board has accepted the re-election of the Directors at the forthcoming AGM. In making the above recommendations, the NC had considered the said Directors' qualification, experience, independence and/or overall contribution and performance (as the case may be). Please refer to the Notice of AGM for the resolutions put forth on their proposed re-election and re-appointment.

The Board provides for appointment of alternate Directors only in exceptional cases such as when a Director has a medical emergency. The Board will take into consideration the same criteria for selection of Directors such as his/her qualifications, competencies and independence. Currently, the Company does not have alternate Directors.

Provision 4.4: The NC determines annually, and as and when circumstances require, if a director is independent, having regard to the circumstances set forth in Provision 2.1. Directors disclose their relationships with the company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, if any, which may affect their independence, to the Board. If the Board, having taken into account the views of the NC, determines that such directors  are  independent  notwithstanding  the  existence  of  such  relationships,  the  company  discloses  the relationships and its reasons in its annual report.

In  determining  the  independence of the Directors, the NC has developed a form 'Return on Independence' which is required to be completed by all Independent Directors on an annual basis and submitted to NC for its review. The independence of each Director is reviewed by the NC with reference to the guidelines set out in the Code and the Catalist Rules and any other salient factors which would render a Director to be deemed not independent.

There are no relationships between the Independent Directors and the Company, its related corporations, its substantial Shareholders or its officers, if any, which may affect their independence. The Board, with the concurrence of the NC, has considered Mr. Lim Yit Keong, Ms. Wang Xiaolan and Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

## Corporate Governance Report

Provision 4.5: The NC ensures that new directors are aware of their duties and obligations. The NC also decides if a director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/ her duties as a director of the company. The company discloses in its annual report the listed company directorships and principal commitments of each director, and where a director holds a significant number of such directorships and commitments, it provides the NC's and Board's reasoned assessment of the ability of the director to diligently discharge his or her duties.

The NC will ensure that the selected candidate is aware of the expectations and the level of commitment required. The NC will continuously review the performance of the Directors with multiple board representations and other principal commitments to ensure that sufficient time and attention is devoted by these Directors to the affairs of the Group.

The NC is satisfied  that  all  Directors  are  able  to  and  have  adequately  carried  out  their  duties  as  Directors  of  the Company, after taking into consideration the number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments.

The Code requires listed companies to fix the maximum number of board representations on other listed companies that their directors may hold and to disclose this in their annual report. The Board, with the concurrence of the NC, is of  the  view  that  there  are  currently  no  compelling reasons to impose a cap on the number of board representations each Director may hold as each Director is able to devote sufficient time and attention to adequately carry out his/ her duties as a Director of the Company.

The Group also recognises that its Executive Directors may be invited to become non-executive directors of other companies and that the exposure to such non-executive duties can broaden the experience and knowledge of its Executive Directors which will benefit the Group. Executive Directors are therefore allowed to accept non-executive appointments as long as these are with non-competing companies, are not likely to lead to conflicts of interests and their commitment to the Group is not compromised.

The key information for each Director is disclosed in their profile as set out in the section entitled 'Board of Directors' of  the  Annual  Report.  The  dates  of  initial  appointment  and  last  re-election  of  each  Director,  together  with  his directorships in other listed companies, are set out below:

| Name of Directors  Date of  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election  Directorships in Other Listed  Companies  Current  Past 3 years  (preceding to the  date of this report)  Mr. Lam Siew Kee  11 March 2021  25 November 2021  -  -  Ms. Ang Puak Huen  10 February 2021  26 February 2021  -  -  Mr. Lim Yit Keong  30 April 2019  25 November 2021  China Kunda  Technology  Holdings Limited  -  Ms. Wang Xiaolan  10 February 2021  26 February 2021  -  -  Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard  10 June 2021  25 November 2021  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Performance

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

Provision 5.1: The NC recommends for the Board's approval the objective performance criteria and process for the evaluation of the effectiveness of the Board as a whole, and of each board committee separately, as well as the contribution by the Chairman and each individual director to the Board.

In  line  with  the  principles  of  good  corporate  governance,  the  NC  implements  and  performs  the  annual  performance evaluation  for  assessing  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole  and  each  of  the  Board  Committees.  The performance evaluation of individual Directors is conducted whenever a Director is up for retirement and re-election and when a Director has multiple board representations.

## Corporate Governance Report

A formal Board performance evaluation, led by the NC, is conducted annually by means of a confidential questionnaire designed to assess the state of affairs of corporate governance matters in the Company, including the performance of  each  individual  Board  Committee.  The  NC  is  of  the  view  that  it  is  more  appropriate  and  effective  to  assess  the performance of the Board as a whole, bearing in mind that each member of the Board contributes in different ways to the success of the Company and Board decisions are made collectively. The Board meets frequently and informally to discuss on Group business matters and evaluate on various assessments of the Group. With such effective interaction and regular communication by the Board, annual individual Directors' assessment is not necessary at this juncture.

The NC will initiate constant interaction to nurture better understanding and cohesion for Board members to establish good working relationship  and  commitment  towards  the  Board's  objectives.  The  purpose  of  such  interaction  and evaluation  process  is  to  increase  the  overall  effectiveness  and  efficiency  of  the  Board  functions.  Each  member  of the  NC  shall  abstain  from  voting  on  any  resolutions  and  making  any  recommendation  and/or  participating  in  any deliberations of the NC in respect of the assessment of his/her own performance or re-nomination as Director.

Provision  5.2:  The  company  discloses  in  its  annual  report  how  the  assessments  of  the  Board,  its  board committees and each director have been conducted, including the identity of any external facilitator and its connection, if any, with the company or any of its directors.

The  Board  assessment  form  and  each  of  the  Board  Committees  assessment  forms  are  separately  completed  by each  Director  to  elicit  his/her  individual  input,  collated,  analysed  and  discussed  with  the  NC  and  the  Board  with comparatives from the previous year. The Board assessment process focuses on the evaluation of factors such as the size and composition of the Board, independence component in the Board, the Board's access to information, Board processes and accountability, quality of agenda, communication with key management personnel, Director's standard of  conduct  and  quality  of  decision  making.  The  Board  Committee  assessment  process  focuses  on  adequacy  and effectiveness of each Board Committee in carrying out its roles and responsibilities. The performance criteria do not change from year to year. Recommendations to further enhance the effectiveness of the Board and the various Board Committees will be implemented, as appropriate. Each member of the NC shall abstain from voting on any resolutions in respect of his/her re-nomination.

The NC had conducted a performance evaluation of the Board and the Board Committees for FY2022. The NC is satisfied  with  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees.  Each  Director  continues  to  contribute effectively  to  the  Board  and  is  able  to  discharge  responsibilities  in  the  Board  Committees  without  any  issue  of  time commitment. No external facilitator has been engaged for the purpose of Board assessment in FY2022.

## 2. REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6: The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

Provision 6.1: The Board establishes a RC to review and make recommendations to the Board on:

- (a) A framework of remuneration for the Board and key management personnel; and
- (b) The specific remuneration packages for each director as well as for the key management personnel.

Provision 6.3: The RC considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms, to ensure they are fair.

The Code endorses, as good practice, a formal framework for fixing the remuneration packages of individuals, with the  RC making recommendations to the Board. All aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to Directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, share-based incentives and awards and benefits-in-kind shall be covered by the RC. Each of the member of the RC shall abstain from voting on any resolution in respect of his/her own remuneration package.

## Corporate Governance Report

The RC has adopted a written term of reference which describes the responsibilities of the RC and the proceedings at RC meetings. The RC's principal responsibilities are as follows:

- (a) to approve the structure of the compensation programme for Directors and Senior Management, and to ensure that  the  programme is competitive and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate Management of the required quality to run the Company successfully;
- (b) to review and recommend the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors, the CEO and key executives of the Company annually;
- (c) to  review  the  appropriateness  of  compensation  for  Non-Executive  Directors,  including  but  not  limited  to Directors' fees, allowances and share options;
- (d) to  review  and  recommend to the Board any long-term incentive schemes which may be set up from time to time and to do all acts necessary in connection therewith; and
- (e) to carry out its duties in the manner that it deems expedient, subject always to any regulations or restrictions that may be imposed upon the RC by the Board from time to time.

The Company's obligations arising in the event of termination of Executive Directors and key management personnel are contained in the respective service contracts. The RC is satisfied that the termination clauses therein are fair and reasonable.

Provision 6.2 The RC comprises at least three directors. All members of the RC are non-executive directors, the majority of whom, including the RC Chairman, are independent.

As at the date of this report, the RC comprises three (3) members, all of whom, including the Chairman of RC, are independent. The current members of the RC are:

Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

Chairman and Independent Director

Mr. Lim Yit Keong

Member and Lead Independent Director

Ms. Wang Xiaolan

Member and Independent Director

Provision 6.4: The company discloses the engagement of any remuneration consultants and their independence in the company's annual report.

If  necessary,  the  RC  has  the  right  to  seek  professional  advice  internally  and/or  externally  on  fixing  remuneration packages  of  all  Directors  and  key  management  personnel.  The  RC  would  ensure  that  any  relationship  between the  appointed remuneration consultant and any of the Directors and key management personnel will not affect the independence and objectivity of the remuneration consultant. The expenses of such advice shall be borne by the Company. No such consultants were engaged by the Company in FY2022.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

Principle  7:  The  level  and  structure  of  remuneration  of  the  Board  and  key  management  personnel  are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

Provision 7.1: A significant and appropriate proportion of executive directors' and key management personnel's remuneration is structured so as to link rewards to corporate and individual performance. Performance-related remuneration is aligned with the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders and promotes the long-term success of the company.

Provision  7.3:  Remuneration  is  appropriate  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  the  directors  to  provide  good stewardship of the company and key management personnel to successfully manage the company for the long term.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Company has sought to ensure that the level and structure of remuneration for Directors are appropriate to attract, retain  and  motivate  the  Directors  to  provide  good  stewardship  of  the  Company  and  to  run  the  Group  successfully. The component parts of remuneration are structured to link rewards to corporate and individual performance, in the case of Executive Directors. In the case of Non-Executive Directors, the level of remuneration reflects the level of responsibilities undertaken by the particular Non-Executive Director concerned.

The RC takes into account the industry norms, the Group's performance as well as the contribution and performance of  each  Director  and  key  management personnel when determining their remuneration packages. In structuring and reviewing the remuneration packages, the RC seeks to align interests of Directors with those of Shareholders and link  rewards  to  corporate  and  individual  performance  as  well  as  roles  and  responsibilities  of  each  Director.  Such performance-related remuneration is designed to be aligned with the interest of Shareholders and promote long-term success of the Company.

The Company had adopted a share option scheme known as the LifeBrandz Performance Share Plan (' PSP 2021 ') and an employee share scheme known as the LifeBrandz Employee Share Option (' ESOS 2021 ')  on  25  November 2021. The RC's duties also include the administration of the PSP 2021 and ESOS 2021. Further details of which are set out under write-ups in respect of Provision 8.3 below.

The  remuneration  for  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  comprise  a  basic  salary  and  bonus component. The Company entered into a service agreement with the Executive Chairman and CEO, Mr. Lam Siew Kee, for an initial appointment period of three (3) years from 11 March 2021. The service agreement allows for termination by either  party  giving  not  less  than  six  (6)  months'  notice  in  writing  to  the  other.  The  Company  also  entered  into  a service agreement with the Executive Director and COO, Ms. Ang Puak Huen, for an initial appointment period of three (3) years from 10 February 2021. The service agreement allows for termination by either party giving not less than six (6) months' notice in writing to the other.

The RC is responsible for the review of compensation commitments in the service agreements, if any, in the event of early termination. The Board is of the view that the remuneration packages offered to the Executive Directors and key management personnel are fair and competitive. The RC will continue to carry out annual reviews of the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and key management personnel, having due regard to their contributions as well as the financial and commercial needs of the Group.

The  Company  does  not  use  contractual  provisions  to  allow  the  Company  to  reclaim  incentive  components  of remuneration  from  the  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  in  exceptional  circumstances  of misstatement of financial results or misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company. The Executive Directors owe fiduciary duties to the Company, and hence, the Company should be able to avail itself to remedies against him/her in the event of such breach of fiduciary duties. Similarly, for the key management personnel, the Company believes that there are alternative legal avenues to specific contractual provisions that will enable the Company to recover financial losses arising from exceptional circumstances above from the key management personnel. The RC will review the need to  insert  such  contractual  provisions  into  the  service  agreements  with  the  Executive  Directors  and  key  management personnel in the future as and when necessary.

## Provision 7.2: The remuneration of non-executive directors is appropriate to the level of contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent, and responsibilities.

The  Independent  Directors  receive  Directors'  fees  in  accordance  with  their  contributions,  taking  into  account factors  such  as  efforts  and  time  spent,  responsibilities  of  the  Directors  and  the  need  to  pay  competitive  fees  to attract,  retain  and  motivate  the  Directors.  The  Independent  Directors  shall  not  be  over-compensated  to  the  extent that their independence may be compromised. All Independent Directors are paid Directors' fees that are subject to Shareholders' approval at the AGM.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle  8:  The  company  is  transparent  on  its  remuneration  policies,  level  and  mix  of  remuneration,  the procedure  for  setting  remuneration,  and  the  relationships  between  remuneration,  performance  and  value creation.

## Corporate Governance Report

Provision 8.1: The company discloses in its annual report the policy and criteria for setting remuneration, as well as names, amounts and breakdown of remuneration of:

- (a) each individual director and the CEO; and
- (b) at  least  the  top  five  key  management personnel (who are not directors or the CEO) in bands no wider than S$250,000 and in aggregate the total remuneration paid to these key management personnel.

The fixed component of remuneration for the Executive Directors is based on the service agreements entered between the Company and the Executive Directors. Similarly, the remuneration for the key management personnel is based on the  employment contract with them. The variable component of remuneration for both Executive Directors and key management personnel is linked to the performance of the Group and individual.

## Remuneration of Directors and the CEO

A breakdown showing the level and mix of each individual Director's remuneration in bands of S$250,000 for FY2022 is as follows:

| Name of Director  Director's  Fees  %  Salary*  %  Bonus*  %  Allowances  and Benefits*  %  Total  %  S$250,000 to S$500,000  Mr. Lam Siew Kee  -  100  -  *-  100  Below $250,000  Ms. Ang Puak Huen  -  98  -  2  100  Mr. Lim Yit Keong  100  -  -  -  100  Ms. Wang Xiaolan  100  -  -  -  100  Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard  100  -  -  -  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Inclusive of Central Provident Fund Contributions

**Less than 1%

The RC has recommended that the Directors' fee of S$90,000 for FY2022, which will be tabled at the forthcoming AGM for the Shareholders' approval.

For competitive reasons, the Company discloses each individual Director's remuneration by way of respective bands of  remuneration  of  each  Director.  The  Company  is  of  the  view  that  due  to  confidentiality  and  sensitivity  attached to  remuneration matters, it  would  not  be  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Company  to  disclose  the  exact  details  of  the remuneration of each individual Director. In arriving  at  this  decision,  the  Board  had  taken  into  consideration, inter alia ,  the  commercial  sensitivity  and  confidential  nature  of  remuneration  matters,  the  relative  size  of  the  Group,  the competitive business environment in which the Group operates, and the need of the Group to attracting and retaining talent at the Board level on a long-term basis.

## Remuneration of Key Management Personnel

During  FY2022,  the  Company  only  has  one  (1)  key  management  personnel  (who  is  not  a  Director  or  CEO  of  the Company), being  the  FC.  A  breakdown  showing  the  remuneration  amount  and  mix  of  the  Company's  CFO  is  as follows:

| Name of Director  Salary*  %  Bonus*  %  Allowances and  Benefits*  %  Total  %  Below S$250,000  Mr. Thng Tien Lung  100  -  -  100   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

The Board believes that  disclosure  of  the  exact  or  aggregate  remuneration  of  the  key  management  personnel  as recommended by the Code would be disadvantageous to the business interest of the Company, in view of the sensitive nature of such information and high competition for talent.

Provision  8.2:  The  company  discloses  the  names  and  remuneration  of  employees  who  are  substantial shareholders  of  the  company,  or  are  immediate  family  members  of  a  director,  the  CEO  or  a  substantial shareholder of the company, and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 during the year, in bands no wider than S$100,000, in its annual report. The disclosure states clearly the employee's relationship with the relevant director or the CEO or substantial shareholder.

The Company does not have any employee who is a substantial Shareholder, or is an immediate family member of a Director, the CEO or a substantial Shareholder whose remuneration in FY2022 exceeded S$100,000 per annum.

Provision 8.3: The company discloses in its annual report all forms of remuneration and other payments and benefits, paid by the company and its subsidiaries to directors and key management personnel of the company. It also discloses details of employee share schemes.

The  RC  recommends  to  the  Board  the  framework  of  executive  remuneration  and  the  remuneration  package  for each  Executive  Director.  In  its  deliberations,  the  RC  will  take  into  consideration  industry  practices  and  norms  in compensation in addition to the Company's relative performance in the industry and the performance of the individual Directors. The remuneration packages recommended by the RC are ultimately approved by the Board. No Director is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration.

The Company adopts a remuneration policy that comprises a fixed component and a variable component. The fixed component is in the form of a base salary, fixed allowances and benefits, and bonus. The variable component is in  the  form  of  a  variable  bonus  which  is  linked  to  the  Group's  performance,  as  well  as  the  individual's  performance assessed based meeting key performance indicators allocated to them and their level of efficiency and productivity. Staff appraisals are conducted at least once every year.

During FY2022, there were no termination, retirement and post-employment benefits granted to the Directors or the key Management personnel.

## ESOS 2021

The  Company  adopted  the  ESOS  2021  on  25  November  2021  and  it  shall  continue  in  force  at  the  discretion  of the  RC,  subject  to  a  maximum  period  of  10  years  commencing  on  the  date  of  adoption.  Eligible  participants  (the ' Participants ')  who have contributed significantly to the growth and performance of the Group and who satisfy the eligibility  criteria  as  set  out  in  the  ESOS  2021  will  have  the  opportunity  to  participate  in  the  equity  of  the  Company, thereby aligning the interests of the Participants with the interests of the Company and the shareholders, motivating them towards long-term growth and profitability of the Group and promoting better performance through increased dedication and incentives. The ESOS 2021 also provides the Group greater flexibility in structuring compensation packages of Participants to offer compensation packages that are competitive to motivate and retain the employees, Directors  (including  Independent  Directors)  and  Controlling  Shareholders  and  foster  a  long-term  commitment  and dedication to the business of the Group.

During the FY2022, no options have been granted under the ESOS 2021.

## PSP 2021

The Company also adopted the PSP 2021 on 25 November 2021 and it shall continue in force at the discretion of the RC, subject to a maximum period of 10 years commencing on the date of adoption. The PSP 2021 is designed to reward its Participants by the issue and/or transfer of fully paid shares according to the extent to which they complete certain time-based service conditions or achieve their performance conditions over set performance periods. The PSP 2021 is based on the principle of pay-for-performance and under the PSP 2021, the RC, in consultation with the Executive Directors, will be able to determine the performance conditions for employees to fulfil, upon which they may be awarded shares. As employees work towards attaining such performance criteria, which can be tied to the financial performance or results of the Company, an anticipated award of shares can provide additional motivation for such employees to hit or exceed such performance conditions, seeing as such employees' interests will be aligned with the positive performance of the Company

## Corporate Governance Report

During the FY2022, no awards have been granted under the PSP 2021.

## Difference between the ESOS 2021 and the PSP 2021

While both the PSP 2021 and the ESOS 2021 aim to incentivise and retain employees, the methods of achieving this under the PSP 2021 differs from the ESOS 2021.

Under the PSP 2021, Participants are awarded shares primarily when pre-determined performance conditions have been met, with the amount of shares awarded being determined by the extent such targets have been met. These performance conditions have performance periods ranging from short to medium terms, and will serve to align the Participants' performance goals with relevant performance cycles of the Group, as well as develop a Group culture of rewarding Participants for their good performance. Unlike options granted under the ESOS 2021, the PSP 2021 allows the direct  award of shares to Participants free of charge, once the applicable performance conditions are met, thus allowing the Group to provide a specific incentive to Participants to achieve certain performance conditions.

By contrast, the assessment criteria in relation to the grant of options pursuant to the ESOS 2021 places greater emphasis on key senior management's and key employees' seniority, performance during their service, and potential for future development, which do not relate to specific performance conditions that have to be met.

The Company is of the opinion that the PSP 2021 and ESOS 2021 are complementary to each other by providing the Company with a comprehensive and flexible set of tools to attract talent into the Group, and to motivate, reward and retain  the  Group  Employees. Having two schemes also provides the Group greater flexibility in designing the appropriate incentive structures to motivate Participants.

## 3. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

Provision 9.1: The Board determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the company is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives and value creation. The Board sets up a Board Risk Committee to specifically address this, if appropriate.

Provision 9.2: The Board requires and discloses in the company's annual report that it has received assurance from:

- (a) the  CEO  and  the  FC  that  the  financial  records  have  been  properly  maintained  and  the  financial statements give a true and fair view of the company's operations and finances; and
- (b) the  CEO  and  other  key  management  personnel  who  are  responsible,  regarding  the  adequacy  and effectiveness of the company's risk management and internal control systems.

The Board is responsible for the governance of risk by ensuring that the Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard Shareholders' interest. The Group has established a risk identification and management framework. Using the aforesaid framework, the Group identifies key risks and undertakes appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. Action plans to manage the risks are continually being monitored and refined  by  the  Management  together  with  the  Board.  All  significant  control  policies  and  procedures  are  reviewed regularly, and significant matters are highlighted to the AC and the Board.

The internal controls structure of the Group has been designed and put in place by the Management of the Group's business units to provide reasonable assurance against material financial misstatements or loss, for the safeguarding of assets, for the maintenance of proper accounting records, for the provision of financial and other information with integrity, reliability and relevance, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  Company  does  not  have  a  Risk  Management  Committee.  However,  the  Management  regularly  reviews  the Company's business and operational activities to identify areas of significant business risks as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate these risks. The Management reviews all significant control policies and procedures and highlights all  significant  matters  to  the  AC  and  the  Board.  During  FY2022,  there  were  no  material  weaknesses being identified.

The Group's internal auditor, BDO Advisory Pte. Ltd., carries out internal audit on the system of internal controls at least  annually  and  reports  the  findings  to  the  AC.  The  Group's  material  internal  controls  are  also  reviewed  by  the Group's external auditor, Mazars LLP , in the course of their statutory audit. The Management will then take corrective measures  to  strengthen  the  internal  controls.  Any  material  non-compliance  and  internal  control  weaknesses  and recommendations for improvements are noted during the audit and will be reported to the AC. The Board, with the assistance of the AC, internal and external auditors, will review the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's key internal controls.

However, no cost-effective internal controls system can provide absolute assurance in view of inherent limitations of any internal controls system against the occurrence of human and system errors, poor judgment in decision-making, losses, fraud or other irregularities. Thus, the Board and the Management will continue to review and strengthen the Group's control environment, and further refine its internal policies and procedures.

For FY2022, the Board has received assurances from the CEO and the FC that financial records have been properly maintained, the financial statements provide a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances, and that the Company's risk management and internal control systems are adequate and operating effectively. The Board, with the concurrence of the AC, concludes that based on (i) the internal control systems established and maintained by the Group, (ii) work performed by the internal auditor during the financial year, (iii) statutory audit by the external auditor and (iv) review performed by Management, the Group's system of risk management and internal controls, addressing financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls risks, were adequate and effective for FY2022.

## Audit Committee

Principle 10: The Board has an AC which discharges its duties objectively.

## Provision 10.1: The duties of the AC include:

- (a) reviewing  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of the financial statements of the company and any announcements relating to the company's financial performance;
- (b) reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the company's internal controls and risk management systems;
- (c) reviewing the assurance from the CEO and the FC on the financial records and financial statements;
- (d) making recommendations to the Board on: (i) the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment and removal of external auditors; and (ii) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;
- (e) reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the company's internal audit function; and
- (f) reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on. The company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns.

## Corporate Governance Report

The AC has adopted a written term of reference which describes the responsibilities of the AC and the proceedings at AC meetings. The AC's principal responsibilities are as follows:

- (a) review with the external auditor of the Company, its audit plan, evaluation of the internal accounting controls, audit reports and any matters which the external auditor wishes to discuss (in the absence of the Management);
- (b) ensure co-operation is given by the Management to the internal and external auditors;
- (c) review the announcement of the quarterly and year-end results to SGX-ST;
- (d) review the annual financial statements and the auditor's report on the Company's annual financial statements before they are presented to the Board, focusing on:
- -going concern assumption;
- -compliance with accounting standards and regulatory requirements;
- -any changes in accounting policies and practices;
- -significant issues arising from the audit; and
- -major judgmental areas;
- (e) review with the Management and the external auditor the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's risk management, internal controls, business and service systems and practices;
- (f) monitor and review related and interested party transactions and conflict of interest situations that may arise within  the  Group.  The  AC  is  also  required  to  ensure  that  the  Directors  report  such  transactions  annually  to Shareholders in the annual report;
- (g) review  the  scope,  adequacy  and  result  of  the  internal  audit  procedures  addressing  financial,  operational, information technology and compliance risks;
- (h) make recommendations on the appointment and re-appointment of the external and internal auditors to the Board;
- (i) review significant  risks  or  exposures  that  exist  and  assess  the  steps  taken  by  the  Management  to  minimise such risks to the Company; and
- (j) any other functions which may be agreed by the AC and the Board.

In  performing  its  functions,  the  AC  confirms  that  it  has  explicit  authority  to  investigate  any  matter  within  its  terms of  reference,  full  access  to  and  co-operation  from  the  Management,  and  has been given full discretion to invite any Director  or  executive  officer  to  attend  its  meetings,  as  well  as  reasonable  resources  to  enable  it  to  discharge  its functions properly. The AC is authorised to obtain independent professional advice if necessary, in the discharge of its responsibilities. Such expenses will be borne by the Company.

The AC keeps abreast of changes in accounting standards and issues which have a direct impact on the financial statement, through advices from the external auditor and other professionals. During FY2022, the external auditor was invited to attend the AC meeting to present their audit plan while the internal auditor was invited to attend the AC meeting once to present their internal audit report. In line with the recommendations by ACRA, Monetary Authority of Singapore and SGX-ST that the AC can help to improve transparency and enhance the quality of corporate reporting by providing a commentary on key audit matters (' KAM ').  The  AC  considered  the  KAM  presented  by  the  external auditor together with Management and included in the Independent Auditors' Report for the FY2022. The AC reviewed and concurred with the external auditor and Management on the assessment, judgements, and estimates on the significant matter reported by the external auditor.

## Corporate Governance Report

The AC reviews the independence of the external auditors annually. As disclosed in Note 7 to the audited financial statements  of  the  Group  for  FY2022,  the  aggregate  amount  of  fees  paid/payable  to  the  external  auditor  of  the Company, Mazars LLP,  and  its  network  firms  for  FY2022  was  approximately  S$96,000  for  audit  fees.  During  the FY2022, no non-audit fees were paid to Mazars LLP and its network firms.

The Group confirms that it has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Catalist Rules in relation to the appointment of  its  external  auditors.  The  AC  reviewed  and  confirmed  that  Mazars  LLP  is  a  suitable  audit  firm  to  meet  the Company's audit obligations, having regards to the adequacy of resources and experience of the firm, the assigned audit engagement partner, other audit engagements, size and nature of the Group, and the number and experience of supervisory and professional staff assigned to the audit. The AC has recommended to the Board that, Mazars LLP , be nominated for re-appointment as external auditor at the forthcoming AGM.

The  Company  has  put  in  place  a  whistle-blowing  policy  to  provide  a  channel  to  employees  and  any  other persons to report in good faith and in confidence, without fear of reprisals, concerns about possible improprieties in  financial  reporting  or  other  matters.  The  Group  is  committed  to  the  highest  possible  standards  of  ethical,  moral and  legal  business  conduct.  In  line  with  this  commitment  and  the  Group's  commitment  to  open  communication, cases  that  are  significant  are  reviewed  by  the  AC  for  adequacy  and  independence  of  investigation  actions  and resolutions.  The  objective  for  such  an  arrangement  is  to  ensure  independent  investigation  of  such  matters  and  for appropriate  follow-up  action.  Reporting  can  be  done  through  the  Company's  email  to  the  attention  of  the  AC  at whistleblowing@lifebrandz.com.

Provision 10.2: The AC comprises at least three directors, all of whom are non-executive and the majority of whom, including the AC Chairman, are independent. At least two members, including the AC Chairman, have recent and relevant accounting or related financial management expertise or experience.

As at the date of this report, the AC comprises of three (3) members, all of whom, including the Chairman of AC, are independent. The current members of the AC are:

Mr. Lim Yit Keong

Chairman and Lead Independent Director

Ms. Wang Xiaolan

Member and Independent Director

Mr. Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

Member and Independent Director

The Board constantly reviews and ensures that the members of the AC are qualified to discharge their responsibilities. The Board and the NC are of the view that the members of the AC are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities  as  they  bring  with  them  many  years  of  accounting,  business  management,  marketing  expertise  and investment experience.

Provision 10.3: The AC does not comprise former partners or directors of the Company's existing auditing firm or auditing corporation: (a) within a period of two years commencing on the date of their ceasing to be a partner of the auditing firm or director of the auditing corporation; and in any case, (b) for as long as they have any financial interest in the auditing firm or auditing corporation.

The Board confirms that none of the AC members were former partners or directors of the Company's external audit firm and none of the AC members hold any financial interest in the Company's external audit firm.

Provision 10.4: The primary reporting line of the internal audit function is to the AC, which also decides on the appointment, termination and remuneration of the head of the internal audit function. The internal audit function has unfettered access to all the company's documents, records, properties and personnel, including the AC, and has appropriate standing within the company.

The  Board  recognises  its  responsibilities  for  maintaining  a  system  of  internal  control  processes  to  safeguard Shareholders' investments and the Group's asset and business.

For FY2022, the Company outsourced its internal audit function to BDO Advisory Pte. Ltd., an external professional firm who reports directly to the Chairman of AC and administratively to the Management.

## Corporate Governance Report

BDO Advisory Pte. Ltd. is part of the 10 th   largest  accounting  global  network  providing  a  comprehensive  range  of services in the areas of assurance, tax, governance and risk, deal advisory, restructuring and recovery, outsourcing, corporate secretarial  services  and  digital  solutions,  including  blockchain,  AI  and  cybersecurity.  BDO  Advisory  Pte. Ltd.'s engagement team for the internal audit comprises an engagement partner, manager, supported by a number of internal auditors. The engagement team is staffed by members with relevant experiences and possesses professional qualifications such as Chartered Accountant and Certified Internal Auditor designations. BDO Advisory Pte. Ltd. is also a corporate member of the Institute of Internal Auditors of Singapore and the internal audit engagement is carried out in line with the standards as stipulated by the International Professional Practices Framework (' IPPF ') as set out by the said Institute.

The  objective  of  the  internal  audit  function  is  to  determine  whether  the  Group's  risk  management,  control  and governance processes, as designed by the Company, is adequate and functioning in the required manner. The internal auditor has identified the Group's main business processes and developed an audit plan that covers the main business process.

To achieve its objectives, the internal auditor has unrestricted access to all record, properties and personnel of the Group. The internal auditor reports directly to the AC which assists the Board in monitoring and managing risks and internal controls of the Group. The internal audit functions primarily focusing on whether the current system of internal control provides reasonable assurance on (i) compliance with applicable laws, regulations, policy and procedures; (ii) reliability and integrity of information; and (iii) safeguarding of assets.

The internal auditor is guided by the Standards for Professional Practice of Internal Auditing set by the Institute of Internal Auditors.

The AC will review the adequacy and effectively of the function of the internal audit annually. Based on the review of the  internal  audit  function  in  FY2022,  the  AC  believes  that  the  internal  auditor  is  independent  and  has  appropriate standing and adequate resources to perform its function effectively and objectively.

Provision 10.5: The AC meets with the external auditors, and with the internal auditors, in each case without the presence of Management, at least annually.

In FY2022, the AC has met with the external and internal auditors without the presence of the Management and have reviewed the adequacy of audit arrangement with emphasis on the scope and quality of their audit, the independence and the observations of the auditors.

## 4. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

Principle  11:  The  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to  exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

Provision 11.1: The company provides shareholders with the opportunity to participate effectively in and vote at general meetings of shareholders and informs them of the rules governing general meetings of shareholders.

Notice  of  general  meeting  is  despatched  to  Shareholders  together  with  explanatory  notes  or  circular  on  items  of special business (if necessary), at least fourteen (14) days (without special resolution) or twenty-one (21) days (with special resolution) prior to the meeting date.

All  Shareholders  are  entitled  to  attend  the  general  meetings  of  the  Company  and  are  afforded  the  opportunity to  participate  effectively  at  such  meetings.  All  Shareholders  are  entitled  to  vote  in  accordance  with  the  established voting  rules  and  procedures.  The  Company conducts poll voting for all resolutions tabled at the general meetings either through manual or electronic polling. The rules, including the voting procedures, will be clearly explained by the scrutineers at such general meetings. Announcement of the detailed results showing the number of votes cast for and against each resolution and the respective percentage to the audience at the general meeting will be released on SGXST on the same day.

## Corporate Governance Report

If  any  Shareholders  are  unable  to  attend  the  general  meetings  of  the  Company,  he/she  is  allowed  to  appoint  up  to two (2) proxies to vote on his/her behalf at the general meeting through proxy forms sent in advance. The Company's current Constitution does not allow corporations which provide nominee or custodial services to appoint more than two (2) proxies. In line with the amendments to the Companies Act, 'relevant intermediary' which provide nominee or custodial services to third parties are entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote on their behalf at general meetings provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares held by Shareholders.

Provision  11.2:  The  company  tables  separate  resolutions  at  general  meetings  of  shareholders  on  each substantially  separate  issue  unless  the  issues  are  interdependent  and  linked  so  as  to  form  one  significant proposal. Where the resolutions are 'bundled', the company explains the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.

The  Company  practises  having  separate  resolutions  at  general  meetings  on  each  substantially  separate  issue. 'Bundling' of resolutions are kept to a minimum and are done only where the resolutions are interdependent so as to form one significant proposal and only where there are reasons and material implications involved.

Provision 11.3: All directors attend general meetings of shareholders, and the external auditors are also present to address shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditors' report.  Directors'  attendance at such meetings held during the financial year is disclosed in the company's annual report.

Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings to ensure a high level of accountability and to stay informed of the Company's strategy and goal. The Company encourages active Shareholders' participation. During the general meetings, Shareholders may raise questions or share their views regarding the proposed resolutions, and the Company's businesses and affairs. The respective Chairman of the AC, NC, RC and key management personnel will attend to address questions relating to the progress and performance of the Group. The external auditor would also be present to assist the Directors in addressing any relevant queries by Shareholders about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the auditor's report.

## Provision  11.4:  The  company's  Constitution  (or  other  constitutive  documents)  allow  for  absentia  voting  at general meetings of shareholders.

Voting  in  absentia  and  electronic  mail  may  only  be  possible  following  careful  study  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the information and authentication of the identity of members through the web is not compromised and is also subject to legislative amendment to recognise electronic voting.

Provision 11.5: The company publishes minutes of general meetings of shareholders on its corporate website as soon as practicable. The minutes record substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the general meeting, and responses from the Board and Management.

The Company Secretary prepares minutes of general meetings that include substantial and relevant comments or queries from Shareholders relating to the agenda of the meeting, and responses from the Board and the Management. These minutes are available to shareholders on SGXNet and/or at the Company's website as soon as practicable.

For FY2022, the Company will publish the minutes of the AGM and EGM to be held on 25 November 2022 on SGXNet and/or the Company's website within one (1) month after the AGM and EGM. The forthcoming AGM to be held in respect of FY2022 and EGM in respect of the Proposed Adoption of the New Constitution of the Company will be convened and held physically, the details of which are set out in the Notices of AGM and EGM. Shareholders will be able to raise questions and vote in person at the AGM and the EGM.

## Provision 11.6: The company has a dividend policy and communicates it to shareholders.

Currently, the Company does not have a fixed dividend policy. The Board would consider establishing a dividend policy when appropriate. In considering the payment of dividend, the Board shall consider factors such as the Company's profits, cash flows, working capital and capital expenditure requirements, investment plans and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Notwithstanding the above, any declaration of dividends is clearly communicated to the Shareholders via SGXNet. Further, the Company will, in line with Rule 704(23) of the Catalist Rules, expressly disclose the reason(s) in the event that the Board decides not to declare or recommend a dividend, in its financial statement announcements.

## Corporate Governance Report

Taking into account the above stated factors, the Company has not declared any dividends for FY2022 in view of the negative earnings.

## Engagement with Shareholders

Principle 12: The company communicates regularly with its shareholders and facilitates the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

Provision 12.1: The company provides avenues for communication between the Board and all shareholders, and discloses in its annual report the steps taken to solicit and understand the views of shareholders.

The Board is mindful of the obligation to provide regular, effective and fair communication with Shareholders. The Company believes that prompt disclosure of pertinent information and high standard of disclosure are the keys to raise the level of corporate governance. For all announcements (including financial performance reporting) made to the public via SGXNet and the annual reports issued to Shareholders, the Board is cognisant of its responsibility to present a fair assessment of the Group's current performance, position and its future prospects.

Information is disseminated to Shareholders on a timely basis through:

- (a) SGXNet systems and news release;
- (b) annual reports prepared and issued to all Shareholders; and
- (c) the Company's website at www.lifebrandz.com at which Shareholders can access information on the Group.

The Board takes adequate steps to ensure compliance with legislative  and  statutory  requirements,  and  observes obligations  of  continuing  disclosure  under  the  Catalist  Rules.  The  Management  reviews  and  provides  relevant compliance reports for the Board's approval. For issues relating to the Group's business development, the Board also provides the Shareholders with periodic updates and reports through announcements where necessary. The Group's financial results and annual reports are announced or issued within the period specified under the Catalist Rules.

Provision 12.2: The company has in place an investor relations policy which allows for an ongoing exchange of views so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.

Provision 12.3: The company's investor relations policy sets out the mechanism through which shareholders may contact the company with questions and through which the company may respond to such questions.

The Company does not have an Investor Relations Policy in place. The Group has engaged an external investor relations firm to assist in communication with its investors on a regular basis and attends to their queries.

In  line  with  continuous  obligations  of  the  Company  pursuant  to  the  Catalist  Rules,  the  Board's  policy  is  that  all Shareholders should be equally informed of all major developments impacting the Group. The Company does not practice selective disclosure.

Shareholders  are  strongly  encouraged  to  participate  at  general  meetings,  which  acts  as  the  major  platform  for Shareholders  to  engage  and  dialogue  with  the  Company  directly.  Shareholders  are  encouraged  to  have  open communication with the Directors and key management personnel during the general meetings on their views on matters relating to the Company.

Further,  the  Company provides its phone number and email address on the Company's website through which the Shareholders may contact the Company with questions and by which the Company may respond to such questions.

## 5. MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle 13: The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

Provision 13.1: The company has arrangements in place to identify and engage with its material stakeholder groups and to manage its relationships with such groups.

Provision 13.2: The company discloses in its annual report its strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during the reporting period.

## Provision  13.3:  The  company  maintains  a  current  corporate  website  to  communicate  and  engage  with stakeholders.

The  Board  adopts  an  inclusive  approach  by  considering  and  balancing  the  needs  and  interests  of  material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the Company are served.

The Company has in place a process to identify its various stakeholders and understand their viewpoints as well as actively  communicating with them to align the Company's expectation and goals. The Group engages with the key stakeholders through various platforms. Details of the stakeholders engaged by the Group, areas of focus, approaches to stakeholder, including frequency of engagement by type and by stakeholder group and key feedback or issues that have been raised though stakeholder engagement and can be found in the Company's Sustainability Report 2022 section.

All material information on the performance and development of the Group and of the Company is disclosed in a timely, accurate and comprehensive manner through SGXNet and the Company's website. The Company does not practice selective disclosure of material information. All materials on the interim and full year financial results are available on the Company's website - www.lifebrandz.com. Stakeholders can also contact the Company through phone or email, the details of which can be found on the Company's website.

## OTHER CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS

## Dealings in Securities

The Company has complied with Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules. The Company has in place a policy prohibiting share dealings by the Company, Directors and employees of the Company for the period of (i) two (2) weeks before the announcement of the Company's financial statements for each of the first three (3) quarters of its financial year, if the Company reports quarterly; or (ii) one (1) month prior to the announcement of the Company's half year financial statements, if the Company reports half yearly; and one (1) month prior to the announcement of the Company's full year financial statements, and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results.

In addition, the Company, Directors and employees are expected to observe insider trading laws at all times even when dealing in  securities  within  the  permitted  trading  period.  They  are  also  discouraged  from  dealing  in  the  Company's shares on short-term consideration.

## Material Contracts

Save as disclosed via SGXNET, there were no material contracts entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries involving the interest of the CEO, any Director, or controlling Shareholder, either still subsisting at the end of FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

## Non-Sponsor Fees

There were no non-sponsor fees paid or payable to its sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited, for FY2022.

## Interested Person Transactions ('IPTs')

The Company has established procedures to ensure that all transactions with interested persons are reported in a timely manner to the AC and those transactions are conducted on an arm's length basis and are not prejudicial to the interests of the Shareholders.

There  have  been  no  IPTs  equal  to  or  exceeding  S$100,000  in  value  for  FY2022.  The  Company  does  not  have  a Shareholders' mandate for IPTs.

## Use of Proceeds from Fundraising Exercises

The  Company  has  on  22  June  2021  completed  the  renounceable  non-underwritten  rights  cum  warrants  issue of  1,030,170,246 new ordinary shares (' Rights Shares ')  at  the  issue  price  of  S$0.005  for  each  Rights  Share,  with 515,085,057 free detachable and transferable warrants (' Warrants '),  each Warrant carrying the right to subscribe for one (1) new ordinary share (' New Share ')  at  the  exercise price of S$0.010 for each New Share, on the basis of one (1) Rights Share for every one (1) existing Share held by entitled shareholders as at the record date, with one (1) free detachable Warrant for every two (2) Rights Shares subscribed, fractional entitlements to be disregarded (' Rights cum Warrants Issue ').  The Company has raised net proceeds of approximately S$4.97 million (after deducting estimated expenses of approximately S$0.19 million) from the Rights cum Warrants Issue (the ' RI Net Proceeds '). Please refer to the Company's Offer Information Statement dated 28 May 2021 and announcements dated 15 March 2021, 7 May 2021, 18 May 2021, 19 May 2021, 28 May 2021, 18 June 2021 and 23 June 2021 for further information on the Rights cum Warrants Issue.

## Corporate Governance Report

The following table provides an update on the usage of RI Net Proceeds raised from the Rights cum Warrants Issue as at the date of this Annual Report:

| Intended use of RI Net Proceeds  Allocation  of the RI Net  Proceeds  (S$' million)  Amount  utilised as at  28 September  2022  (S$' million)  Further  amount  utilised as  at date of  this Annual  Report  (S$' million)  Balance as at  the date of this  Annual Report  (S$' million)  Repayment of the Group's existing and  outstanding liabilities to external creditors  0.93  (0.73)  -  0.20  General working capital purposes  2.11  (1.61)  (1)  (0.13) (1)  0.37  Business expansion  1.93  (0.62)  (2)  -  1.31  Total  4.97  (2.96)  (0.13)  1.88   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

(1) A breakdown of the use of RI Net Proceeds for general working capital purposes of the Group is as follows:

| Amount utilised as at 28  September 2022  S$'000  Further amount utilised  as at the date of this  Annual Report  S$'000  Professional fees  477  28  Payroll related expenses  747  76  Working capital support for overseas subsidiary (Thailand)  52  8  Other operating expenses  331  19  Total  1,607  131   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (2) A breakdown of the use of RI Net Proceeds for business expansion purposes of the Group is as follows:

| Amount  utilised as at 28  September 2022  S$'000  Professional fees in relation to the acquisition of TGB  68  Working capital and other operating expenses for Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd. ('  SFK  ') and TGB  550  Total  618   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The use of proceeds is in accordance with the stated use disclosed in the Company's announcement dated 18 June 2021 in relation to the Rights cum Warrants Issue.

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

Ms.  Ang  Puak  Huen,  and  Ms.  Wang  Xiaolan  are  the  Directors  seeking  re-election  (' Retiring  Directors ')  at  the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be convened on 25 November 2022.

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules, the information relating to the Retiring Directors as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules is set out below and to be read in conjunction with their respective biographies under the section entitled 'Board of Directors' in this annual report:

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  Date of appointment  10-Feb-21  10-Feb-21  Date of last re-appointment  26-Feb-21  26-Feb-21  Age  43  34  Country of principal residence  Malaysia  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including  rationale,  selection  criteria,  board  diversity  considerations,  and  the  search  and  nomination process)  The  Board  having  considered  the  recommendation  of  the  Nominating  Committee  and  assessed  Ms.  Ang  Puak  Huen's  qualifications,  work  experience  and  overall  contribution  since she was appointed as a Director  of  the  Company,  is  of  the  view  that  Ms. Ang Puak Huen has the requisite  experience and capabilities to  assume  the  duties  and  responsibilities  of  an  Executive  Director  and  Chief  Operating Officer of the Company.  The  Board  having  considered  the  recommendation  of  the  Nominating  Committee  and  assessed  Ms.  Wang  Xiaolan's  qualifications,  work  experience  and  independence,  is  of  the  view  that  Ms.  Wang  Xiaolan  has  the  requisite  experience  and  capabilities to assume the duties and  responsibilities  of  an  Independent  Director of the Company.  Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Executive.  Ms.  Ang  Puak  Huen  is  responsible  for  designing  and  implementing  business  strategies,  plans  and  procedures  of  the  Company.  She  also  oversees  the  day-to-day  operations  of  the  Company  and  participaties in all business activities  and corporate matters.  Non-executive  Job title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman,  AC Member etc.)  Executive  Director  and  Chief  Operating Officer  Independent Director  Chairman of Nominating Committee,  member of Audit and Remuneration  Committees  Professional qualifications  Diploma Level 1 in Business Studies,  Stamford College, Malaysia  Bachelor of Science in Management  with  Accounting,  Royal  Holloway,  University of London  Secretarial  Certification,  Lu  Dong  University   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during the past 10 years  February 2021 to present: Executive  Director and Chief Operating Officer  of the Company  May 2019 to February 2021:  Administration Manager of Healthpro  Life Sdn. Bhd.  June 2013 to May 2019:  Administration, Assistant Manager  of TC Management Services  Corporation Sdn Bhd  November 2011 to May 2013:  Manager of Rujia Inn Sdn. Bhd.  2022 to present: VP , Corporate  Development and Human Resource  of TOTM Technologies Limited  2019 to 2021: Corporate  Development Manager of TOTM  Technologies Limited (f.k.a. Yinda  Infocomm Limited)  2017 to 2018: Assistant Operation  Manager of Yinda Technology  Singapore Pte. Ltd.  2017: Human Resource ('  HR  ') and  Accounting Manager of Yinda Pte.  Ltd.  2014 to 2016: Project Assistant HR  Manager of Saipem Beijing Technical  Services Co., Ltd  2011 to 2013: Project Document  Control of Saipem Singapore Pte.  Ltd.  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  No  No  Any relationship (including immediate  family relationships) with any existing  director, existing executive officer, the  issuer and/ or substantial shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal subsidiaries  No  No  Conflict  of  interest  (including  any  competing business)  No  Undertaking (in the format set out in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) of the  Catalist Rules has been submitted to  the listed issuer  Yes  Yes   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  Other principal commitments including directorships  Past (for the last 5 years)  Directorships:  Directorships:  NIL  Yinda Communications (Philippines),  Inc.  Yinda Pte. Ltd.  Yinda Technology Singapore Pte.  Ltd.  Yinda Technology Malaysia Sdn.  Bhd.  Yinda Technolgy (Thailand) Co., Ltd  Other principal commitments:  Please refer to 'Working experience  and occupation(s) during the past 10  years'  Other principal commitments:  Please refer to 'Working experience  and occupation(s) during the past 10  years'  Present  Directorships:  Directorships:  Cloud Eight Pte. Ltd  Genesispro Pte. Ltd.  LB F&amp;B Pte. Ltd.  LB F&amp;B Sdn. Bhd.  Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd.  Takumi Holidays Pte. Ltd.  The Green Bar Pte. Ltd.  Other principal commitments:  Please refer to 'Working experience  and occupation(s) during the past 10  years'  Other principal commitments:  Please refer to 'Working experience  and occupation(s) during the past 10  years'  Disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief operating officer, general manager or other officer of equivalent rank. If the answer to any question is 'yes', full details must be given.  (a) Whether at any time during the  last 10 years, an application or a  petition under any bankruptcy law of  any jurisdiction was filed against her  or against a partnership of which she  was a partner at the time when she  was a partner or at any time within  2 years from the date she ceased to  be a partner?  No  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  (b) Whether at any time during  the last 10 years, an application  or a petition under any law of any  jurisdiction was filed against an  entity (not being a partnership)  of which she was a director or  an equivalent person or a key  executive, at the time when she was  a director or an equivalent person or  a key executive of that entity or at  any time within 2 years from the date  she ceased to be a director or an  equivalent person or a key executive  of that entity, for the winding up  or dissolution of that entity or,  where that entity is the trustee of a  business trust, that business trust,  on the ground of Insolvency?  No  No  (c) Whether there is any unsatisfied  judgment against her?  No  No  (d) Whether she has ever been  convicted of any offence, in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  fraud or dishonestywhich is  punishable with imprisonment, or  has been the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any pending  criminal proceedings of which she is  aware) for such purpose?  No  No  (e) Whether she has ever been  convicted of any offence, in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement that relates to the  securities or futures industry in  Singapore or elsewhere, or has  been the subject of any criminal  proceedings (including any pending  criminal proceedings of which she is  aware) for such breach  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  (f) Whether at any time during  the last 10 years, judgment has  been entered against him in any  civil proceedings in Singapore or  elsewhere involving a breach of  any law or regulatory requirement  that relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore or  elsewhere, or a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation or dishonesty on  her part, or she has been the subject  of any civil proceedings (including  any pending civil proceedings of  which she is aware) involving an  allegation of fraud, misrepresentation  or dishonesty on her part?  No  No  (g) Whether she has ever been  convicted in Singapore or elsewhere  of any offence in connection with  the formation or management of any  entity or business trust?  No  No  (h) Whether she has ever been  disqualified from acting as a director  or an equivalent person of any entity  (including the trustee of a business  trust), or from taking part directly or  indirectly in the management of any  entity or business trust?  No  No  (i) Whether she has ever been the  subject of any order, judgment  or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently  or temporarily enjoining her from  engaging in any type of business  practice or activity?  No  No  (j) Whether she has ever, to her  knowledge, been concerned with  the management or conduct, in  Singapore or elsewhere, of the  affairs of:  (i)  any corporation which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing corporations in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (ii)   any entity (not being a  corporation) which has been  investigated for a breach  of any law or regulatory  requirement governing such  entities in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## additional information on Directors Seeking Re-election

| Name of Director  Ang Puak Huen  Wang Xiaolan  (iii)  any business trust which  has been investigated for  a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement  governing business trusts in  Singapore or elsewhere; or  No  No  (iv)  any entity or business trust  which has been investigated  for a breach of any law or  regulatory requirement that  relates to the securities or  futures industry in Singapore  or elsewhere,  No  No  in connection with any matter  occurring or arising during that  period when she was so concerned  with the entity or business trust?  (k) Whether she has been the subject  of any current or past investigation  or disciplinary proceedings, or has  been reprimanded or issued any  warning, by the Monetary Authority  of Singapore or any other regulatory  authority, exchange, professional  body or government agency,  whether in Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No  Disclosure applicable to the  appointment of Director only  Any prior experience as a director of  an issuer listed on the Exchange?  This relates to re-appointment of  Director.  This relates to re-appointment of  Director.  If yes, please provide details of  prior experience.  Not applicable  Not applicable  If no, please state if the director has  attended or will be attending training  on the roles and responsibilities  of a director of a listed issuer as  prescribed by the Exchange.  Not applicable  Not applicable  Please provide details of relevant  experience and the nominating  committee's reasons for not  requiring the director to undergo  training as prescribed by the  Exchange (if applicable).  Not applicable  Not applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## LifeBrandz

## SuStainaBiLity report 2022

This Sustainability Report has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the ' Sponsor '). This Sustainability Report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' Exchange ') and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this Sustainability Report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made, or reports contained in this Sustainability Report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Lee Khai Yinn (Tel: (65) 6232 3210), at 1 Robinson Road #21-00, AIA Tower, Singapore 048542.

## Contents

| ABOUT THIS REPORT  .................................................................................................................................. 44  CORPORATE PROFILE ............................................................................................................................ 44  BOARD STATEMENT ................................................................................................................................ 44  OUR APPROACH ..................................................................................................................................... 45  Sustainability Organisational Structure  ............................................................................................... 45  Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment  ...................................................................... 46  Sustainability Target  ............................................................................................................................ 47  ECONOMIC SUSTAINABILITY ................................................................................................................. 48  Economic Performance ...................................................................................................................... 48  Supply Chain Management ............................................................................................................ 48  REGULATORY COMPLIANCE .................................................................................................................. 49  Corporate Governance ....................................................................................................................... 49  Preventing Bribery and Corruption ..................................................................................................... 49  Risk Management ............................................................................................................................... 50  Regular Compliance Updates  ............................................................................................................. 50  ENVIRONMENT SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................................... 51  Waste Management ............................................................................................................................ 51  Energy ................................................................................................................................................. 52  SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ....................................................................................................................... 52  Occupational Health and Safety  ......................................................................................................... 52  Training and Education ....................................................................................................................... 53  Diversity and Fair Employment  ........................................................................................................... 53  Compliance with Social and Economic Laws and Regulations ......................................................... 55  GRI CONTENT INDEX  .................................................................................................................................. 56   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

LifeBrandz  Ltd.  (' LifeBrandz '  or  the  ' Company ',  and  together  with  its  subsidiaries,  the  ' Group ')  presents  its annual Sustainability  Report  (the  ' Report ')  which  covers  the  Group's  performance  from  1  August  2021  to  31  July 2022 (' FY2022 ').  The  scope  of  the  Report  covers  information  on  sustainability  factors  material  to  the  Group.  This should sufficiently address stakeholders' concerns in relation to sustainability issues arising from the major business operations of the Group. More information on the Group will be disclosed in the other sectors of the FY2022 Annual Report. This Report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (' GRI ')  Standards:  Core  Option. The Company has chosen the GRI Standards as it provides a set of an extensive framework that is widely accepted as a global standard for sustainability reporting. It also considers the Sustainability Reporting Guide in Practice Note 7F of the SGX-ST Listing Manual Sections B: Rules of Catalist (' Catalist Rules '). In preparing our Report, we applied the GRI's principles for defining report content and report quality by considering the Group's activities, impacts and substantive expectations and interest of our shareholders. The data and information provided within the Report have not been verified by an independent third party. We have relied on internal data monitoring and verification to ensure accuracy. In addition, developments after FY2022 have not been considered for inclusion in this Report. We welcome your views and feedback on our sustainability practices and reporting at invest@LifeBrandz.com.

## CORPORATE PROFILE

LifeBrandz Ltd. was listed on the SGX-ST in 2004. The Company transferred the listing on the SGX-ST from the Main Board to the Catalist Board on 4 December 2015. Headquartered in Singapore, since FY2017, the Group initiated its transformation and diversification into comprehensive services and multi-faceted solutions - including, inter alia , brand development and management, travel and F&amp;B.

LifeBrandz continuously strives to achieve growth and profitability through exploring investment opportunities in viable and sustainable business to strengthen the current financial position of the Group.

## BOARD STATEMENT

The  Board  of  directors  (the  ' Board ')  of  the  Company  affirm  commitment  to  good  corporate  governance  and sustainable business processes that foster best practices, transparency, accountability and integrity for the long-term sustainability of our business and value creation for our stakeholders in despite of the significant challenges resulting from global Coronavirus (' COVID-19 ') pandemic. As part of LifeBrandz's commitment, the Board and the management team of the Company pledge to incorporate sustainable practices into our processes and consider sustainability issues such as economic, environmental, social, and governance (' EESG ') factors as part of our Group's strategic formation.

The Group, via Superfood Kitchen, acquired 70% stake in TGB in April 2022, a company principally engaged in F&amp;B business,  specializing  in  homemade  gourmet  salads.  Leveraging  on  TGB's  brand,  the  Group  launched  Superfood Kitchen  (' SFK '),  a  nutrition-focused  takeout  concept  featuring  delicious  recipes  at  wallet-friendly  prices  in  late September 2022. The Board believes that with the relaxation of Covid-19 measures, SFK has growth potential to provide the Group with new income stream and improve its growth prospects. There will be changes and updates for the Group's business trends from FY2023 and hence, the need to re-consider certain material EESG factors.

The Board believes that this acquisition will help achieving sustainable growth as well as better quality services and strategies for the Group. We will continue to strive to do business in a responsible way and abide by the precautionary principle to minimise negative EESG effects wherever feasible.

The executive management team comprising the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO '), Chief Operating Officer (' COO ') and Financial Controller (' FC '), has assessed that external assurance report is not required for FY2022. However, we may seek external assurance in the future when its sustainability report matures over time.

## OUR APPROACH

## Sustainability Organisational Structure

We developed a sustainability organisational structure to move things forward and the Board is ultimately responsible for the sustainability direction of the Group and provides formal oversight of the Group's sustainability progress thus ensuring the sustainability agenda is integrated with the Group's business and strategic decisions.

- (1) The Board formulates related strategies and guidelines;
- (2) The Corporate Social Responsibility (' CSR ')  coordinators,  which  comprise  the  Board  and  key  management team, which includes the CEO, COO and FC (collectively, the ' Management '), helps to organise, communicate and coordinate the CSR practices of subsidiaries;
- (3) Staff from subsidiaries are responsible for the implementation of CSR practices; and
- (4) The COO and the FC monitor the adoption of the CSR practices in the subsidiaries and ensure that the Group is working towards its CSR goals as a whole.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Assessment

## Stakeholders Engagement

The pandemic entered into its third year and counting. The Group has been engaging stakeholders through virtual meeting platforms and other telecommuting tools where physical meetings were limited. The FY2021 annual general meeting was held via online in November 2021.

We adopt both formal and informal channels of communication, online and offline, to understand the needs of our key stakeholders. We identify our key stakeholders based on their dependence and influence on our business.

We recognise  the  need  to  continuously  develop  our  responsible  business  approach  in  order  to  address  growing stakeholders' expectations with regards to our impact on the economy, environment and society. The following table highlights our key stakeholders, their key concerns and mode of engagement:

| Stakeholders  Concerns Raised  Mode of Engagement  Frequency  Suppliers  Consistency and quality of  •  supplies  Punctuality of delivery  •  Face-to-face  •  Virtual meetings  •  Frequent and  •  regular  Customers  Customer satisfaction  •  Customer service and product  •  quality  Food safety and hygiene  •  Availability of feedback  •  platforms  Customer feedback  •  platforms  Social media platforms e.g.  •  Facebook  Marketing campaigns  •  Frequent and  •  regular  Staff  Fair and transparent  •  performance appraisal process  Occupational health and safety  •  Training and development  •  Welfare and benefit  •  Formal/Informal dialogues  •  Human resource policy and  •  procedures  Whistle blowing policies  •  Frequent and  •  regular  Shareholders/  Investors  Corporate governance  •  Sustainability matters  •  Economic performance  •  SGXNet announcements  •  Company's website  •  General meetings  •  Frequent and  •  regular for  announcements  Annual and ad  •  hoc for general  meetings  Regulatory  authorities and  agencies  Compliance with laws and  •  regulations  Through Sponsor and  •  Corporate Secretary  SGXNet announcements  •  Company's website  •  Annual reports  •  Frequent and  •  regular  Annual for annual  •  reports   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Material assessment

Building on our previous assessments based on a materiality index, which had not changed from current assessment, we have further enhanced our understanding of our material issues:

- To	evaluate	the	relevancy	of	the	selected	EESG	factors	against	current	business	operations;
- To	conduct	internal	discussions	and	re-propose	steps	and	approaches	to	evaluated	EESG	factors;
- To	prioritise	the	importance	of	the	EESG	factors	put	forth	by	the	executive	management	team	and	subsequently endorsed for implementation;
- To	validate	the	key	sustainability	factors	identified	to	finalise	the	sustainability	report	content;	and
- To	review	material	factors	identified	in	previous	reporting	period	and	consider	stakeholders'	feedback,	changing business landscape and emerging trends.

<!-- image -->

## Relevance to LifeBrandz

## Sustainability Target

Please  refer  to  the  'Economic  Sustainability',  'Regulatory  Compliance',  'Environment  Sustainability'  and  'Social Responsibility'  sections  of  this  Report  for  the  respective  qualitative  and  quantitative  targets  set  by  the  Group  for FY2023 and longer term.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ECONOMIC SUSTAINABILITY

## Economic Performance

At  LifeBrandz,  we  believe  in  creating  long-term  economic  value  for  all  our  shareholders  and  key  stakeholders  by adopting responsible business practices and growing our business in a sustainable manner. For more information on the Company's financial and business information, please refer to 'Operations and Financial Review' and 'Financial Statements' sections of the FY2022 Annual Report.

Sustainability Scorecard

| Performance Indicator  Units  FY2022  FY2021  (audited)  (audited)  (Loss)/Profit from continuing operations for the  financial year  S$'m  (1.09)  0.71   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 29 April 2022, we announced the completion of the proposed acquisition of 70% share capital of TGB. Further the Company made an investment in Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd. by way of grant of a convertible loan of an amount up to S$650,000, with the intention of funding the extension and expansion of TGB's products under Superfood Kitchen. The Board is of the view that the acquisition as well as the investment will provide a viable and sustainable business for the Group and enhance shareholders' value.

Excluding one off income in FY2021 from (i) waiver of loans from shareholders amounting to S$2.14 million; (ii) gain on termination of lease of S$0.15 million; and (iii) reversal of reinstatement cost of S$0.12 million, the Group's continuing operations would have recorded a loss before income tax of S$1.70 million in FY2021. Accordingly, the Group's loss before income tax from continuing operations would have narrowed down by S$0.61 million in FY2022.

For FY2023 TARGET: We are committed to continue strengthening and further improve our financial position in FY2023.

## Supply Chain Management

We believe that sustainable supply chain management drives organisational excellence and delivers desirable business results  to  our  stakeholders.  We  engage  our  vendors  to  provide  services  and/or  products, inter  alia supplying  food ingredients, purchasing kitchen equipment and renovation of new outlets under SFK.

With the new acquisition of TGB and opening of new outlets under SFK, it is timely for the Company to set new Standard Operating Procedures (' SOP ')  on  selection  processes  and  assessment criteria for key vendor qualification and evaluation so as to reduce the risk that their services and/or products do not meet the Company's requirements.

There was no assessment performed in FY2022 as there were no new major vendors.

For  FY2023  TARGET:  We  are  committed  to  ensure  100%  of  new  major  vendors  will  be  screened,  evaluated  and selected upon in accordance with the new SOP that the Company will be formalizing.

## REGULATORY COMPLIANCE

Compliance  with  rules  and  regulations  is  paramount.  LifeBrandz  strictly  adheres  to  the  local  laws  and  industry regulations relating to corporate governance, risk management, and code of conduct including anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, fraud and confidentially.

## Corporate Governance

We have enhanced our accountability and transparency by upholding high standards in business ethic and corporate governance in  all  areas  of  our  operations,  thus  building  stronger  trust  with  our  stakeholders.  The  Board  and  the Management are fully aware of the need for regulatory compliance and have put in place relevant processes and procedures to avoid breaches and if cases do arise, then for an immediate corrective action to be taken.

Our SOP establishes principles and practices with regard to matters which may have ethical implications. The SOP provides communicable and understandable guidelines for staff to observe in their dealings with customers, suppliers and amongst fellow colleagues. Our policies and procedures include the following:

- Handbook	on	employees	matters
- Investment	processes
- Dealing	with	counterparties
- Cash	management	processes
- Business	continuity	and	disaster	recovery	plan
- Board	diversity	plan

## Preventing Bribery and Corruption

The Company has zero tolerance in respect of bribery and corruption in any form. This has been made clear to all our employees, major suppliers, and business partners. All employees are expected to discharge their duties with integrity, to act fairly and professionally, and to abstain from engaging in bribery or corruption activities or any activities, which might exploit their positions against the Group's interests.

Whistle-blower can be reported verbally or in writing to the Audit Committee for any suspected misconduct with full details and supporting evidence at whistleblowing@LifeBrandz.com. Depending on the nature of the concern raised or information provided, the investigation will be conducted, involving one or more of the following parties: (i) the Audit Committee; (ii) the external auditor of the Group; and (iii) the relevant regulators or authorities. The Group advocates a  confidentiality  mechanism to protect the whistle-blower against unfair dismissal or victimisation. Where criminality is  suspected,  a  report  is  made  to  the  relevant  regulators  or  law  enforcement  authorities  when  the  Audit  Committee considers necessary.

## Sustainability Scorecard

For FY2022, our Group had accomplished and met the target set in FY2021 to have zero reported incidents of bribery and corruption.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of reported incidents of bribery and  corruption  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  FY2023  TARGET:  We  are  committed  to  high  standards  of  conduct  and  ethical  behaviour  in  all  our business  activities  and  supporting  a  culture  of  compliance  and  good  corporate  governance  with  zero reported incidents of corruption in FY2023.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Risk Management

The  Board  recognises  the  importance  of  maintaining  a  sound  system  of  risk  management  to  safeguard  the shareholders' interests  and  the  Group's  assets,  and  to  manage  risk.  The  risk  management  practice  is  intended  to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material loss, to safeguard assets and also maintenance of proper accounting records, reliability of financial information, compliance with appropriate legislations, regulations, and identification and containment of business risks.

Our  risk  management  practices  have  not  changed  from  last  year  and  cover  both  the  operational  risk  associated with the firm and the risks (market, liquidity, credit and counterparty risks) inherent in the management of investment portfolios.

We view our risk management policies and procedures as dynamic in response to the evolution of our investment strategies, the development of our business and the innovation within financial markets and risk management tools. We will strive to improve our risk management capabilities and processes to stay abreast of market best practices. We believe that effective risk management is crucial to the long-term success of our business.

Our four cornerstones of effective risk management and sound internal controls:

<!-- image -->

More information on the Group's risk management and internal controls are disclosed in the 'Corporate Governance Report' section of the FY2022 Annual Report.

## Regular Compliance Updates

The Group has continued, through its Company Secretary and Sponsor, updated the Board on relevant new laws and regulations affecting the Company. Through Board meetings and other meetings, both formal and informal, our CEO and Directors have been exchanging views and opinions on the changing commercial and business risks faced by our Group.

In  addition,  the  Directors  and  the  Management  are  encouraged  to  attend  seminar  and  receive  training  to  improve themselves in the discharge of their respective duties and responsibilities. Changes to regulations and accounting standards  are  monitored  closely  by  the  Management.  To  keep  pace  with  such  regulatory  changes,  the  Company provides opportunities for ongoing education and training on Board processes and best practices as well as updates on changes in legislation and financial reporting standards, regulations and guidelines from Catalist Rules that affect the Company and/or the Directors in discharging their duties. Such training costs are borne by the Company.

## Sustainability Scorecard

For FY2022, there were no reported cases of regulatory non-compliance and the Group will maintain strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations in FY2023.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of reported incidents of  non-compliance  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For FY2023 TARGET: We will continue to comply with the Code of Corporate Governance and meet all requirements that are expected of us by our stakeholders.

## ENVIRONMENT SUSTAINABILITY

The Group is committed to minimising the environmental impact and towards protecting the environment by managing environmental conservation through adopting of 'Reduce', 'Re-use', 'Recycle' (' 3Rs ') and energy efficient practices.

## Waste Management

We believe that every small effort counts and goes a long way in contributing to the conservation and protection of the earth's natural resources. Our waste management efforts are focused mainly on paper to reduce, reuse or recycle whenever possible. However, the current usage is not significant, the Group does not collect any usage data. The Group will work towards providing the quantitative indicators should the usage becomes material in the future.

## Reduce

- Staff	 are	 educated	and	encouraged	not	to	print	documents	whenever	possible	but	to	save	as	a	file	or document type and upload to our SharePoint.
- Paperless	workflow	system	is	implemented	to	store	documents	electronically.
- Staff	are	encouraged	to	reuse	paper	for	note	taking	during	meetings.
- Staff	are	also	encouraged	to	use	wastepaper	as	draft	paper.
- Staff	 are	 encouraged	 not	 to	 print	 documents	 for	 discussion	 purposes	 and	 display	 them	 on	 screens instead.

## Recycle

- As	part	of	our	sustainability	effort,	waste	cardboard,	paper	and	past	due	documents	weighing	2.3	tons were sent for recycling in FY2022.

## Reuse

<!-- image -->

Wasted and past due documents/ paper were shredded and recycled

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Energy

We play our part by reducing the energy use in our operations through adopting greener and more environmentally friendly  technologies  and  measures. We strive to minimise the energy consumption over time. However, the current usage is not significant, the Group does not collect any usage data. As part of our future efforts, we will align our environmental performance in our Singapore operations to key evaluation criterion for water consumption and energy conservation for electricity consumption when full operations commence in the FY2023. The Group will work towards providing the quantitative indicators should the usage becomes material in the future.

## Sustainability Scorecard

In  FY2022,  the  Group  did  not  encounter  any  major  issues  in  relation  to  the  environment,  with  zero  penalties  or sanctions from regulatory authorities arising from environmental damage. Our goal is to maintain zero penalties or sanctions from regulatory authorities arising from environmental damage in the upcoming years and beyond.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of non-compliance with  significant fines or sanction arising  from environmental damage  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For FY2023 TARGET: We aim to maintain zero reported significant incidents of non-compliance in FY2023.

## SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

## Occupational Health and Safety

We view our workforce as an important asset to the Group and we believe the safety and well-being of our employees are our highest priority. Our approach to safety focuses on enforcing a strong safety culture which requires all members of  our  workforce  to  be  leaders  in  creating  a  safe  work  environment.  Accordingly,  we  place  priority  in  maintaining  a safety and security conscious culture amongst our employees of all levels.

<!-- image -->

We are pleased to report that there have not been any reportable serious work-related injuries in FY2022. We will continue to stress workplace safety at all times and aim for accident frequency rate of zero in the upcoming years and beyond.

We adhere to local health and safety regulations and our environment, health and safety policy guides us in promoting safety measures in our operational facilities.

The flexi-work scheme remains effective during the pandemic and was expedited by the work from home requirements as default or as required basis, with minimal disruption to the business operations.

## Sustainability Scorecard

In FY2022, we are proud to report that we have achieved the target set last year and there have been zero workplace incidents.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of workplace incidents  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For FY2023 TARGET: No workplace incident record in FY2023.

## Training and Education

LifeBrandz understands that there is a continuous need to upgrade staff skills and knowledge. We practice equal opportunities for skills  training  and  career  development  for  all  staff  as  we  understand  this  is  beneficial  to  the  staff's development and also to the Group.

Thus, staff are encouraged to go for courses and seminars to upgrade themselves and improve their skills. Staff will be sent by the Group, to attend courses to obtain skills or certifications that are necessary in the course of their work.

## Diversity and Fair Employment

We aim to provide a work environment for employees that fosters fairness, equality and respect for social and cultural diversity, regardless of their gender and age. Therefore, we are committed to the goals of diversity and fair employment practices  by  ensuring  equal  opportunities  for  recruitment,  fair  compensation,  career  progression  and  training opportunities, regardless of age, gender, race, religion, ethnicity or nationality.

We offer good career progression and competitive salary and benefit packages to our employees, including annual leave,  sick  leave,  transportation  and  dental  allowance,  medical  insurance,  worker  compensation insurance, paternity and maternity leaves for staff.

## Sustainability Scorecard

In  FY2022, the Group did not encounter any discrimination incident of any kind and we aim to continue to maintain zero cases for FY2023.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of discrimination incidents  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

For FY2023 TARGET: No discrimination incidents in FY2023.

Total number of our staff as at 31 July 2022 is 17:

<!-- image -->

Headcount distribution by gender

Headcount distribution by age

<!-- image -->

Headcount distribution by ethnicity

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

On gender diversity, the percentage of female to total of employees is 71%. Due to the nature of our business, our workforce consists of female employees predominantly. We will continuously move towards a more balanced gender ratio.  We  view  diversity  in  the  Board  level  as  an  essential  element  in  supporting  sustainable  development  and  for FY2022, we have two (FY2021: two) female representation (or 40%) in the Board of Directors, with one being the Executive Director and the other being an Independent Director.

In relation to age diversity, matured workers are valued for their experience, knowledge and skill. As at 31 July 2022, 41% of the employees are above 50 years old.

On ethnicity diversity,  the  percentage  of  Chinese  is  71%.  We  hire  based  on  merit  and  do  not  tolerate  any  form  of discrimination within the workplace. Every employee is valued and respected, regardless of their age, gender, race, religion, ethnicity or nationality.

The total headcount has increased significantly from 7 as at 31 July 2021 following the acquisition of TGB in April 2022.

## Compliance with Social and Economic Laws and Regulations

The Board and Management are fully aware of the need for regulatory compliance and has processes and procedures in place to avoid breaches and if cases do arise, then for an immediate corrective action to be taken. The Company strives and adheres to local laws and regulatory requirements in countries we operate in and also complies with the Group's policies and procedures.

## Sustainability Scorecard

For FY2022, there were no incidents of fines or non-monetary sanctions for non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic areas.

| FY2022  FY2021  No. of non-compliance with social  and economic laws and regulations  0 (Target met)  0 (Target met)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For FY2023 TARGET: To ensure that any allegations received are promptly addressed and maintain zero incidents of non-compliance.

<!-- image -->

## GRI CONTENT INDEX

| GRI General Disclosures  Section References and Remarks  GRI 102:  General  Disclosures  1. General  102-1 Name of the organisation  SR: Corporate profile  102-2 Activities, brands, products, and services  SR: Corporate profile  102-3 Location of headquarters  SR: Corporate profile  102-4 Location of operations  SR: Corporate profile  102-5 Ownership and legal form  SR: Corporate profile  102-6 Markets served  SR: Corporate profile  102-7 Scale of the organisation  AR: Financial Statements  SR: Social Responsibility, Diversity  and Fair Employment  102-8 Information on employees and other workers  SR: Social Responsibility, Diversity  and Fair Employment  102-9 Supply chain  Not applicable, supply chain is  minimal and insignificant to report on  102-10 Significant changes to the organisation and its  supply chain  Changes to the organisation  •  - AR: Chairman and CEO  Statement  SR: Economic Sustainability,  •  Supply Chain Management  102-11 Precautionary Principle or approach  AR: Corporate Governance Report  102-12 External initiatives  Not applicable, no such initiatives  102-13 Membership of associations  Not applicable, no such membership  2. Strategy  102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker  SR: Board Statement  3. Ethics and integrity  102-16 Values, principles, standards, and norms of  behaviour  SR: Sustainability Strategy  4. Governance  102-18 Governance structure  AR: Corporate Governance Report  5. Stakeholder engagement  102-40 List of stakeholder groups  SR: Stakeholder Engagement and  Materiality Assessment  102-41 Collective bargaining agreements  Not applicable, no collective  bargaining agreements  102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders  SR: Stakeholder Engagement and  Materiality Assessment  102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement  SR: Stakeholder Engagement and  Materiality Assessment  102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  SR: Stakeholder Engagement and  Materiality Assessment   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| GRI General Disclosures  Section References and Remarks  6. Reporting practice  102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial  statements  AR: Financial Statements  102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries  SR: About This Report  102-47 List of material topics  SR: Sustainability Materiality and  Stakeholder Engagement  102-48 Restatements of information  Not applicable, no such  restatements  102-49 Changes in reporting  Not applicable, no change in  reporting  102-50 Reporting period  SR: About This Report  102-51 Date of most recent report  10 November 2021  102-52 Reporting cycle  Annual  102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report  SR: About This Report  102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI  Standards  SR: About This Report  102-55 GRI content index  SR: GRI Content Index  102-56 External assurance  Not applicable, no external  assurance  GRI 200: Economic Disclosures (applicable sections)  Economic  Performance  201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed  AR: Financial Statements  Anti-  corruption  205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption  SR: Regulatory Compliance,  Preventing Bribery and Corruption  205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption  policies and procedures  205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions  taken  GRI 300: Environment Disclosures (applicable sections)  Energy  302-1 Energy consumption within the organisation  SR: Environment Sustainability,  Energy  306-2 Waste by type and disposal method  SR: Environment Sustainability,  Waste Management  Environmental  compliance  307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws and  regulations  There is no non-compliance with  environmental laws and regulations  GRI 400: Social Disclosures (applicable sections)  Employment  401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover  Not applicable, benefit provided to  permanent full-time employees that  are not provided to temporary or  part-time employees is minimal and  insignificant to report on  401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are  not provided to temporary or part-time employees  Training and  education  404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skill and  transition assistance  SR: Social Responsibility, Training  and Education  Non-  discrimination  406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions  taken  SR: Social Responsibility, Diversity  and Fair Employment   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The directors present their statement to the members together with the audited financial statements of LifeBrandz Ltd. (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group'), and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 July 2022.

## 1. Opinion of the directors

In the opinion of the directors,

- (a) the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  statement  of  financial  position  and  the statement of changes in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 July 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date; and
- (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## 2. Directors

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lam Siew Kee

Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer

Ang Puak Huen

Independent non-executive directors

Lim Yit Keong Wang Xiaolan Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

## 3. Arrangements to enable directors to acquire shares and debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects were, or one of whose objects was, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, except as disclosed in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 below.

## 4. Directors' interests in shares or debentures

The directors of the Company holding office at the end of the financial year had no interest in the shares and debentures of the Company and its related corporations as recorded in the Register of Directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), except as disclosed below:

| Direct interest  Name of director  As at  1 August 2021  As at  31 July 2022  As at  21 August 2022  Ordinary shares of the Company  Lam Siew Kee  200,000  200,000  200,000  Warrants of the Company  Lam Siew Kee  50,000  50,000  50,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Share options

There were no options granted during the financial year to subscribe for unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries.

No shares have been issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries.

There were no unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries under option at the end of the financial year.

## 6. Warrants

On 22 June 2021, the Company issued and allotted 515,085,057 free detachable warrants (the 'Warrants') to its shareholders, each carrying the right to subscribe for one (1) new ordinary share at an exercise price of $0.010 per share. Each Warrant may be exercised at any time during the period commencing on and including the date of issue of the Warrants and expiring on the date immediately preceding third anniversary of the date of issue of the Warrants. The exercise price of the Warrants and the number of Warrants are fixed, subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Deed Poll. A total of 515,085,057 Warrants remains outstanding as of 31 July 2022.

## 7. Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company  comprises  three  non-executive  directors  and  at  the  date  of  this statement, they are:

Lim Yit Keong

(Chairman)

Wang Xiaolan

Lim U Wei Ralph Howard

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 7. Audit Committee (Continued)

The Audit Committee has convened four meetings during the financial year with key management and has met up once with the internal and external auditors of the Company without the presence of the management during the financial year.

The Audit Committee carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B (5) of the Act, the SGX Listing Manual and the Code of Corporate Governance. In performing those functions, the Audit Committee reviewed:

- (i) the audit plans and results of the external audit, including the evaluation of internal accounting controls and its cost effectiveness, and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors, including the review of the extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors to the Group;
- (ii) the audit plans of the internal auditors of the Group and their evaluation of the adequacy of the Group's system of internal accounting controls;
- (iii) the  Group's  annual  financial  statements  and  the  external  auditors'  report  on  the  annual  financial statements of the Group and of the Company before their submission to the board of directors;
- (iv) the  half-yearly  and  annual  announcements as well as the related press releases on the results of the Group and financial position of the Group and of the Company;
- (v) the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management processes;
- (vi) the  Group's  compliance  with  legal  requirements  and  regulations,  including  the  related  compliance policies and programmes and reports received from regulators, if any;
- (vii) the interested person transactions in accordance with SGX listing rules;
- (viii) the nomination of external auditors and gave approval of their compensation; and
- (ix) the submission of report of actions and minutes of the Audit Committee to the board of directors with any recommendations as the audit committee deems appropriate.

The Audit Committee has full access to and has the co-operation of the management and has been given the resources required for it to discharge its function properly. It also has full discretion to invite any director and executive officer to attend its meetings. The external and internal auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the directors the nomination of Mazars LLP for re-appointment as external auditors of the Group at the forthcoming AGM of the Company.

## 8. Auditors

The auditors, Mazars LLP , have expressed their willingness to accept re-appointment.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Lam Siew Kee

Ang Puak Huen

Director

Director

Singapore

1 November 2022

<!-- image -->

61

## independent Auditors' Report

to the members of lifebrandz ltd.

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Qualified Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of LifeBrandz Ltd. (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (the 'Group') which comprise the statements of financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 July 2022, the consolidated statements of profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income,  changes  in  equity  and  cash  flows  of  the  Group  for the  financial  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  financial  statements,  including  a  summary  of  significant  accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  except  for  the  possible  effects  of  the  matter  described  in  the Basis for  Qualified  Opinion section of our  report,  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  statement  of  financial  position of  the  Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial  Reporting  Standards  (International)  ('SFRS(I)s')  so  as  to  give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the consolidated financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 July 2022 and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Qualified Opinion

In our auditors' report dated 2 November 2021 on the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 July 2021, we expressed a qualified opinion as we were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to ascertain the appropriateness of the amounts recorded by the Group in relation to the profit from discontinued operations and the gain on disposal recorded in other operating income arising from the disposal of two of the disposed subsidiaries, namely  Sync  Co.,  Ltd.  and  E-Holidays  Co.,  Ltd..  The  management  was  unable  to  provide  us  pertinent  and relevant  supporting  records  and  documents requested by us to perform our audit on the aforementioned disposed subsidiaries. Consequently, we were unable to determine whether any adjustments to these amounts in the Group's financial  statements for the financial year ended 31 July 2021 were necessary and we were unable to ascertain the appropriateness and completeness of the corresponding disclosure notes.

Consequently, our audit opinion on the current year's financial statement is modified because of the possible effect of this matter on the comparability of the current year's figures and the corresponding figures.

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (the 'ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our qualified opinion.

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Overview

## Audit Approach

We designed a risk-based audit approach in identifying and assessing the risks of material misstatement at both the financial statement and assertion levels.

## Materiality

As in all  our  audits,  we  exercised  our  professional  judgment  in  determining  our  materiality,  which  was  also  affected by our perception of the financial information needs of the users of the financial statements, being the magnitude of misstatement in the financial statements that makes it probable for a reasonably knowledgeable person to change or be influenced in his economic decision.

## Scope of audit

For the audit of the current financial year's financial statements, we identified 7 significant components which required a full scope audit of their financial information, either because of their size or/and their risk characteristics.

These  significant  components  were  audited  by  us  and  other  Mazars  offices  as  component  auditors  under  our instructions. We determined the component materiality and our level of involvement in their audit necessary for us, in our professional judgement, to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence as a basis for our opinion on the Group's financial statements as a whole.

## Area of focus

We focused our resources and effort on areas which were assessed to have higher risks of material misstatement, including areas which involve significant judgments and estimates to be made by directors.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current financial year. These matters include the aforementioned salient areas of focus in our audit and do not represent all the risks identified by our audit. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

Key Audit Matters (Continued)

We have determined that the key audit matters to communicate in our report as following:

| ## Accounting for Business Combination  (Refer to Notes 3.2 and 15 to the financial statements)  Key Audit Matter  Audit Response  During  the  financial  year,  the  Group  completed  the  acquisition of 70% interest in The Green Bar Pte. Ltd.  by  way  of  allotment  of  250,000  ordinary  shares  of  Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as LB Lab  Pte. Ltd.), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.  The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method  where  the  Group  performed  a  Purchase Price  Allocation  ('PPA')  exercise.  An  independent valuer was engaged by the management to assist the management in the PPA exercise and determination of the  fair  value  of  acquired  assets,  liabilities  and  non- controlling interests.  The valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires significant judgement in applying assumptions made by management.  We focused on this area as the transaction relates to significant judgement that management exercised on the valuation of assets and liabilities acquired, the PPA and goodwill.  Our audit procedures included, and were not limited  to, the following:  - Obtained and reviewed the acquisition and • related agreements to obtain understanding of the transaction;  - Reviewed management's assessment to evaluate • that  the  acquisition  should  be  accounted  for as  business  combination  and  identify  date  of control  of  this  business  combination  transaction in accordance with SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations ;  - With the assistance of our in-house expert, • assessed management's procedures and assumptions applied in determining the fair value of  the  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed to assess appropriateness of key financial assumptions applied in the PPA;  - Assessed  the  competency,  independence  and • objectivity of the external valuation expert engaged by management; and  - Reviewed the adequacy of the disclosures made • in the notes of the financial statements.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, other than the financial statements and the independent auditors' report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection with our audit of the financial statements our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. As a result of the matter described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion section above, we are unable to conclude whether or not the other information is materially misstated for the same matter.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient  to  provide  a  reasonable  assurance  that  assets  are  safeguarded  against  loss  from  unauthorised  use  or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  management  is  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of  accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors'  report  that  includes  our  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditors'  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the financial  statements or, if  such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and  whether  the  financial  statements  represent  the  underlying  transactions  and  events  in  a  manner  that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of  the  group  audit.  We  remain  solely  responsible  for  our  audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, except for the matters described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion section of our report, the accounting and  other  records  required  by  the  Act  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  and  by  the  subsidiary  entity  incorporated  in Singapore of which we are auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Zhang Liang.

MAZARS LLP Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore

1 November 2022

<!-- image -->

to the members of lifebrandz ltd.

## ConSolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  4  220  34  Other operating income  5  135  2,423  Expenses  Inventories and consumables used  17  (60)  (16)  Amortisation and depreciation  (45)  (10)  Employee benefits  6  (834)  (717)  Finance cost  (3)  (11)  Advertising, media and entertainment  (5)  (4)  Lease expenses  (29)  (85)  Transportation  (2)  (1)  Legal and professional fees  7  (312)  (302)  Other operating expenses  8  (155)  (603)  (Loss)/Profit before income tax from continuing operations  (1,090)  708  Income tax  9  7  (16)  (Loss)/Profit from continuing operations  (1,083)  692  Profit for the financial year from discontinued operations  10  -  3,314  (Loss)/Profit for the financial year  (1,083)  4,006  Other comprehensive (loss)/income:  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of taxation  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations  (34)  176  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year  (1,117)  4,182  (Loss)/Profit for the financial year attributable to:  Continuing operations:  Owners of the Company  (1,052)  692  Non-controlling interest  (31)  -  (1,083)  692  Discontinued operations:  Owners of the Company  -  1,168  Non-controlling interest  -  2,146  -  3,314  (Loss)/Profit for the financial year  (1,083)  4,006  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (1,086)  1,981  Non-controlling interest  (31)  2,201  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the financial year  (1,117)  4,182  (Loss)/Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company (Cents)  Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share from continuing  operations  11  (0.05)  0.08  Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share from discontinued operations  11  -  0.13  Total basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share  (0.05)  0.21   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

## StatementS of Financial Position

as at 31 July 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  12  70  6  3  5  Goodwill  13  19  -  -  -  Intangible asset  14  -  -  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  15  -  -  *  *  Convertible loan receivable  16  -  -  144  *  Total non-current assets  89  6  147  5  Current assets  Inventories  17  6  2  -  -  Trade and other receivables  18  270  121  138  425  Cash and cash equivalents  19  2,872  4,454  2,662  4,350  Total current assets  3,148  4,577  2,800  4,775  Total assets  3,237  4,583  2,947  4,780  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  20  69,950  69,950  69,950  69,950  Foreign currency translation reserve  21  (77)  (43)  -  -  Accumulated losses  (67,393)  (66,325)  (67,485)  (66,260)  Equity attributable to owners of the  Company  2,480  3,582  2,465  3,690  Non-controlling interest  2  -  -  -  Total equity  2,482  3,582  2,465  3,690  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  22  702  1,001  482  1,090  Lease liabilities  23  53  -  -  -  Total liabilities  755  1,001  482  1,090  Total equity and liabilities  3,237  4,583  2,947  4,780   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

## StatementS of Changes in Equity

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Group  Share  capital  Foreign currency  translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interest  Total  equity  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 August 2020  63,074  (164)  (68,185)  (5,275)  (2,408)  (7,683)  Contributions by owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  7,131  -  -  7,131  -  7,131  Share issuance expense (Note 20)  (255)  -  -  (255)  -  (255)  Total contributions by owners  6,876  -  -  6,876  -  6,876  Profit for the financial year  -  -  1,860  1,860  2,146  4,006  Other comprehensive income:  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations  -  121  -  121  55  176  Disposal of a subsidiary  -  -  -  -  207  207  Total comprehensive income for the financial year  -  121  1,860  1,981  2,408  4,389  At 31 July 2021  69,950  (43)  (66,325)  3,582  -  3,582  Change in interests in a subsidiary without loss of control  -  -  (16)  (16)  33  17  -  -  (16)  (16)  33  17  Loss for the financial year  -  -  (1,052)  (1,052)  (31)  (1,083)  Other comprehensive loss:  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations  -  (34)  -  (34)  -  (34)  Total comprehensive loss for the financial year  -  (34)  (1,052)  (1,086)  (31)  (1,117)  At 31 July 2022  69,950  (77)  (67,393)  2,480  2  2,482   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Changes in Equity

## StatementS of for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

| Company  Share  capital  Accumulated  losses  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 1 August 2020  63,074  (65,916)  (2,842)  Contributions by owners:  Issuance of shares (Note 20)  7,131  -  7,131  Share issuance expense (Note 20)  (255)  -  (255)  Total contributions by owners  6,876  -  6,876  Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive  loss for the financial year  -  (344)  (344)  At 31 July 2021  69,950  (66,260)  3,690  Loss for the year, representing total comprehensive  loss for the financial year  -  (1,225)  (1,225)  At 31 July 2022  69,950  (67,485)  2,465   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ConSolidated Statement of Cash Flows

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

| Note  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Operating activities  (Loss)/Profit before income tax from continuing operations  (1,090)  708  Profit before income tax from discontinued operations  -  3,314  Total (loss)/profit before income tax  (1,090)  4,022  Adjustments for:  Amortisation of intangible asset  14  -  *  Bad debts written off  8  -  167  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  12  45  10  Gain on termination of lease  -  (3,167)  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries  15  -  (19)  Interest expense  3  11  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net  8  -  10  Other payables written back  5  -  (2,137)  Property, plant and equipment written off  8  -  2  Reversal of provision for reinstatement cost  -  (242)  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  (1,042)  (1,343)  Movement in working capital  Inventories  (4)  (1)  Trade and other receivables  (129)  26  Trade and other payables  (83)  (505)  Cash flows used in operations  (1,258)  (1,823)  Income tax refunded/(paid)  7  (18)  Net cash flows used in operating activities  (1,251)  (1,841)  Investing activities  Cash inflow on acquisition of a subsidiary  15  46  -  Additions of intangible assets  14  -  (28)  Cash outflow on disposal of subsidiaries  15  -  (6)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  3  Purchase of plant and equipment  12  (32)  (5)  Exchange realignment  5  -  Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities  19  (36)  Financing activities  Amounts due to related parties  (274)  (773)  Interest paid  -  (4)  Proceeds from issuance of shares  20  -  7,131  Proceeds from borrowings  -  206  Repayment of lease liabilities  23  (43)  (150)  Share issuance expense  20  -  (255)  Exchange realignment  (33)  71  Net cash flows (used in)/ generated from financing activities  (350)  6,226  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (1,582)  4,349  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of financial year  4,454  105  Cash and cash equivalents at end of financial year  19  2,872  4,454   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Reconciliation of (asset)/liabilities arising from financing activities:

Non-cash movements

## ConSolidated Statement of

## Cash Flows

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

The accompanying accounting policies and explanatory notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

| At beginning  of financial  year  Cashflow  Interest  expense  Write-back /  reversal  Acquisition  of a  subsidiary  Disposal of  subsidiaries  Exchange  realignment  At end of  financial  year  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Liabilities  Amounts due to  related parties  274  (274)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  -  (43)  3  -  93  -  -  53  2021  Asset  Guarantee deposit  (183)  -  -  -  -  188  (5)  -  Liabilities  Amounts due to  related parties  3,124  (773)  -  (2,077)  -  -  -  274  Bank borrowings  27  206  -  -  -  (233)  -  -  Lease liabilities  3,382  (150)  5  (3,167)  -  -  (70)  -  Provision for  reinstatement  cost  242  -  -  (242)  -  -  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements.

## 1. General

LifeBrandz Ltd. (the 'Company') (Registration Number 200311348E) is a limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Singapore and is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'SGX-ST').

The registered office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  is  located  at  30  Cecil  Street,  #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712.

The principal activity of the Company is that of investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 15 to the financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 July 2022 were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on the date of Directors' Statement.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company have been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') including related Interpretations of SFRS(I) ('SFRS(I) INT') and are prepared on the historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The individual financial  statements of  each  Group entity  are  measured and presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are presented in Singapore dollar ('$') which is also the functional currency of the Company, and all values presented are rounded to the nearest thousand ('$'000'), unless otherwise indicated.

In the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and revised SFRS(I)s and SFRS(I) INT that are relevant to its operations and effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 August 2021. The adoption of  these  new  or  revised  SFRS(I)s  and  SFRS(I)  INT  did  not  result  in  changes  to  the  Groups'  and  Company's accounting policies, and has no material effect on the current or prior year's financial statement and is not expected to have a material effect on future periods.

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)

SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT issued but not yet effective

At the date of authorisation of these financial statements, the following SFRS(I) and SFRS(I) INT that are relevant to the Group were issued but not yet effective:

| SFRS (I)  Title  Effective date (annual  periods beginning  on or after)  SFRS(I) 3  Amendments to SFRS(I) 3:  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-16  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16:  Property, Plant and Equipment -  Proceeds before Intended Use  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-37  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37:  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling  a Contract  1 January 2022  SFRS(I) 1-1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as Current or  Non- current  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 10,  SFRS(I) 1-28  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28:  Sale or Contribution of  Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined  SFRS(I) 1- 8  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  SFRS(I) 1-12,  SFRS(I) 1  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Various  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Various  Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020  1 January 2022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Consequential amendments were also made to various standards as a result of these new/revised standards.

The  Group  does  not  intend  to  early  adopt  any  of  the  above  new/revised  standards,  interpretations  and amendments  to  the  existing  standards.  Management  anticipates  that  the  adoption  of  the  aforementioned revised/new standards will not have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group and Company in the period of their initial adoption.

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation

The financial statements of the Group comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) (i) over which the Group has power and the Group is (ii) able to use such power to (iii) affect its exposure, or rights, to variable returns from then through its involvement with them.

The Group reassesses whether it controls the subsidiaries if facts and circumstance indicate that there are changes to the one or more of the three elements of control.

## noteS to

## The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.2 Basis of consolidation (Continued)

When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it still has power over the investee when  the  voting  rights  are  sufficient,  after  considering  all  relevant  facts  and  circumstances,  to  give  it  the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group considers, among others, the extent of its voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders, currently exercisable substantive potential voting rights held by all parties, rights arising from contractual arrangements and voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group up to the effective date on which control ceases, as appropriate.

Intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cashflows relating to intragroup transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

The financial statements of the subsidiaries used in the preparation of the financial statements are prepared for the same reporting date as that of the Company. Where necessary, accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling  interests  are  identified  separately  from  the  Group's  equity  therein.  On  an  acquisition-byacquisition basis, non-controlling interests may be initially measured either at fair value or at their proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests' share of subsequent changes in equity. Losses in the subsidiary are attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Any differences between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in the relative interests in the subsidiary and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, the profit or loss on disposal is calculated as the difference between (i)  the  aggregate  of  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  received  and  the  fair  value  of  any  retained interest and (ii) the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any non-controlling interests. Amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to the subsidiary are accounted for (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred directly to accumulated profits) in the same manner as would be required if the relevant assets or liabilities were disposed of. The fair value of any investments retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial  recognition  for  subsequent  accounting  under  SFRS(I)  9 Financial  Instruments ('SFRS(I) 9')  or,  when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or jointly controlled entity.

Investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost less any impairment loss that has been recognised in profit or loss in the Company's separate financial statements.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations

The  acquisition  of  subsidiaries  is  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  The  cost  of  the  acquisition is  measured at the aggregate of the fair values, at the date of exchange, of assets given, liabilities incurred or  assumed, and equity instruments issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group determines whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at  fair  value  or  at  proportionate  share  in  the  recognised  amounts  of  the  acquiree's  identifiable  net  assets. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred and included in administrative expenses.

The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the  conditions  for  recognition under SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations ('SFRS(I) 3') are recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, except for non-current assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held-for-sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 Non-Current  Assets  Held  for  Sale  and  Discontinued  Operations ('SFRS(I)  5'),  which  are  recognised  and measured at the lower of cost and fair value less costs to sell.

The Group recognises any contingent consideration to be transferred for the acquiree at the fair value on the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement shall be accounted for within equity. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of SFRS(I) 9, is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss in accordance with SFRS(I) 9. Other contingent consideration that is not within the scope of SFRS(I) 9 is measured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

Where a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held interests in the acquired entity are re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date the Group attains control) and the resulting gain or loss, if  any,  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Amounts  arising  from  interests  in  the  acquiree  prior  to  the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss, where such treatment would be appropriate if that interest were disposed off.

The acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that  meet  the  conditions  for  recognition under SFRS(I) 3 are recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date, except that:

- -deferred tax assets or liabilities  and  liabilities  or  assets  related  to  employee  benefit  arrangements  are recognised and measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 1-12 Income Taxes ('SFRS(I) 1-12') and SFRS(I) 1-19 Employee Benefits ('SFRS(I) 1-19') respectively;
- -liabilities  or  equity  instruments  related  to  the  replacement  by  the  Group  of  an  acquiree's  share-based payment awards are measured in accordance with SFRS(I) 2 Share-based Payment ('SFRS(I) 2'); and
- -assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with SFRS(I) 5 are measured in accordance with that Standard.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.3 Business combinations (Continued)

If  the  initial  accounting  for  a  business  combination  is  incomplete  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  in  which the  combination  occurs,  the  Group  reports  provisional  amounts  for  the  items  for  which  the  accounting  is incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted during the measurement period (see below), or additional assets or liabilities  are  recognised,  to  reflect  new  information  obtained  about  facts  and  circumstances  that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised as of that date.

The measurement period is the period from the date of acquisition to the date the Group obtains complete information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, and is subject to a maximum of one year.

Goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised as an asset at the acquisition date and is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value  of  the  acquirer  previously  held  equity  interest  (if  any)  in  the  entity  over  net acquisition-date fair value amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

If, after reassessment, the Group's interest in the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets exceeds the  sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair  value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  (if  any),  the  excess  is  recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  is  allocated  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating  units (' CGU ') expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. CGU to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If  the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount of the unit (including the goodwill), the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

The  attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is  included  in  the  determination  of  gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the subsidiary.

## 2.4 Revenue recognition

The Group is principally in the business of food and beverages. Revenue from contracts with its customers is recognised when or as the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service generated in the ordinary course of the Group's activities to its customer, at a transaction price that reflects the consideration the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods or service and that is allocated to that performance obligation. The goods or service is transferred when or as the customer obtains control of the goods or service. Revenue is presented net of rebates, discounts and sales relates taxes.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.4 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Food and beverages revenue

Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sale of food and beverages in the ordinary course of the Group's activities and recognised at a point in time upon delivery and acceptance by customers.

## 2.5 Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are  assets  that  necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get  ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale,  are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Borrowing costs on general borrowings are capitalised by applying a capitalisation rate to construction or  development  expenditures  that  are  financed  by  general  borrowings.  Investment  income  earned  on  the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.6 Retirement benefit costs

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are charged as an expense as they fall due. Payments made to state-managed retirement benefit schemes, such as the Singapore Central Provident Fund, are dealt with as payments to defined contribution plans where the Group's obligations under the plans are equivalent to those arising in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan.

## 2.7 Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the financial year.

## 2.8 Income tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the financial year. Taxable profit differs from profit as reported profit or loss because it excludes items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are not taxable or tax deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted in countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate by the end of the financial year.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.8 Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax is  recognised  on  the  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  the financial  statements  and  the  corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit,  and  are accounted for using the liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available  against  which  deductible  temporary  differences  can  be  utilised.  Such  assets  and  liabilities  are  not recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  goodwill  or  from  the  initial  recognition  (other  than  in  a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred tax liabilities  are  recognised  on  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investment  in  subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

A deferred income tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each financial year and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset realised based on the tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the financial year and based on the tax consequence that will follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the financial year, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities  simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

Current and deferred tax are recognised as an expense or income in profit or loss, except when they relate to items credited or debited directly to equity, in which case the tax is also recognised directly in equity, or where they arise from the initial accounting for a business combination. In the case of a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in calculating goodwill or determining the excess of the acquirer's interest in the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over cost.

Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales tax except:

- -when the sales tax that is incurred on purchases is not recoverable from the tax authorities, in which case the sales tax is recognised as part of cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of sales tax included.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.9 Foreign currency transactions and translation

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the individual entities' respective functional currencies at the exchange rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. At the end of each financial year, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing as of the end of the financial year. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences  arising  on  the  settlement  of  monetary  items,  and  on  retranslation  of  monetary  items are  included  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  year.  Exchange  differences  arising  on  the  retranslation  of  non-monetary items  carried  at  fair  value  are  included  in  profit  or  loss  for  the  year  except  for  differences  arising  on  the retranslation of non-monetary items in respect of which gains and losses are recognised directly in equity. For such non-monetary items, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised directly in other comprehensive income.

For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group's foreign operations (including comparatives) are expressed in Singapore dollars using exchange rates prevailing at the end of the financial  year.  Income  and  expense  items  (including  comparatives)  are  translated  at  the  average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuated significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are classified as equity and transferred to the Group's translation reserve. Such translation differences are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the foreign operation is disposed off.

On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of the net investment in foreign entities (including  monetary  items  that,  in  substance,  form  part  of  the  net  investment  in  foreign  entities),  and  of borrowings and other currency instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are taken to the foreign currency translation reserve.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

## 2.10 Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  any  accumulated impairment losses. The cost of property, plant and equipment includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost of plant and equipment if the obligation for dismantlement, removal or restoration is incurred as a consequence of acquiring or using the property, plant and equipment.

Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.10 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straightline method, on the following bases:

Computer equipment

3 years

Office and operating equipment

3 years

Furniture and fixtures

3 years

Plant and equipment

3 years

Leasehold improvement and renovation

3 - 10 years

For right-of-use assets for which ownership of the underlying asset is not transferred to the Group by the end of the lease term, depreciation is charged over the lease term, using the straight-line method. The lease periods are disclosed in Note 23.

The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each financial year.

The gain or loss, being the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, arising on disposal or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.

Fully depreciated property, plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they are no longer in use.

## 2.11 Intangible assets

## Goodwill on acquisition

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the net fair value of the Group's interest in the  identifiable  assets,  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  of  the  subsidiary  carried  at  the  date  of  acquisition. Goodwill is at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's CGUs expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the CGU is less than the carrying amount of the unit (including the goodwill), the impairment loss is allocated first  to  reduce  the  carrying  amount  of  any  goodwill  allocated  to  the  unit  and  then  to  the  other  assets  of  the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

The  attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is  included  in  the  determination  of  gain  or  loss  on  disposal  of  the subsidiary.

## Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

Intangible  assets  acquired  in  a  business  combination  are  identified  and  recognised  separately  from  goodwill. The cost of such intangible assets is their fair value at the acquisition date.

Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets acquired separately.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.11 Intangible assets (Continued)

## Customer relationships

Customer relationships  which  are  acquired  in  business  combinations  are  carried  at  fair  values  at  the  date of  acquisition,  and  amortised  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  period  of  the  expected  benefits.  Customer relationships have estimated useful lives of 3 years.

## 2.12 Impairment of tangible and intangible assets excluding goodwill

The Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible and intangible assets as at each reporting date to assess for any indication of impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Where it is not possible to estimate the  recoverable  amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

Irrespective  of  whether  there  is  any  indication  of  impairment,  the  Group  also  tests  its  intangible  assets  with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use for impairment annually by comparing their respective carrying amounts with their corresponding recoverable amounts.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

An impairment loss for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## 2.13 Financial instruments

The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability in its statement of financial position when, and only when, the Company becomes party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

## Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

With the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group applies a practical expedient, all financial assets are initially  measured  at  fair  value,  plus  transaction costs,  except  for  those  financial  assets  classified  as  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVTPL'),  which  are initially measured at fair value. Such trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for  which the Group applies a practical expedient are measured at transaction price as defined in SFRS(I) 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('SFRS(I) 15') in Note 2.4.

The classification of the financial assets at initial recognition as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVTOCI') and fair value through profit or loss ('FVTPL') depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

The Group's business model refers to how the Group manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows which determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling financial assets or both.

The Group determines whether the asset's contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest ('SPPI') on the principal amount outstanding to determine the classification of the financial assets.

## Financial assets at amortised cost

A financial  asset  is  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  if  the  financial  asset  is  held  within  a  business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  the  financial  asset  at  amortised  cost  are  measured  using  the  effective interest method and is subject to impairment. Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.

## Effective interest method

The  effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a  financial  instrument  and allocating  the  interest  income  or  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The  effective  interest  rate  is  the  rate  that exactly  discounts  estimated  future  cash  receipts  or  payments  (including  all  fees  on  points  paid  or  received that  form  an  integral  part  of  the  effective  interest  rate,  transaction  costs  and  other  premiums  or  discounts) through the expected life of the financial instrument, or where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount of the financial instrument. Income and expense are recognised on an effective interest basis for debt instruments other than those financial instruments at FVTPL.

Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

A financial asset is subsequently measured at FVTPL if the financial asset is a financial asset held for trading, is not measured at amortised cost or at FVTOCI, or is irrevocably elected at initial recognition to be designated FVTPL if, by designating the financial asset as FVTPL, eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities or recognising the gains and losses on them on different bases. Financial assets at FVTPL include convertible loan receivables.

Gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses ('ECL') on financial assets measured at amortised cost. At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition by assessing the change in the risk of a default occurring over the expected life of the financial instrument. Where the financial asset is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

The Group uses reasonable and supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort as well as past due information when determining whether credit risk has decreased significantly since initial recognition.

Where the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL. Where the credit risk on that financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.

The Group applies the simplified approach to recognise the ECL for trade receivables and contract assets, which is to measure the loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. As a practical expedient, the Group uses an allowance matrix derived based on historical credit loss experience adjusted for current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions for measuring ECL.

While they are not financial assets, contract assets arising from the Group's contracts with customers under SFRS(I) 15 are assessed for impairment in accordance with SFRS(I) 9, similar to that of trade receivables.

The amount of ECL or reversal thereof that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to the amount that is required to be recognised is recognised in profit or loss.

The Group directly reduces the gross carrying amount of a financial asset when the entity has no reasonable expectations of recovering a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.

For details on the Group's accounting policy for its impairment of financial assets, refer to Note 26.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset  to  another  entity.  If  the  Group  neither  transfers  nor  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership of the financial asset and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  a  transferred  financial  asset,  the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds receivables.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.13 Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  Group  are  classified  according  to  the  substance  of  the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Ordinary share capital

Ordinary share capital is classified  as  equity.  Incremental  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  issue  of  ordinary shares and share options are recognised as a deduction from equity.

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

All  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value,  minus  transaction  costs,  except  for  those  financial liabilities classified as at fair value through profit or loss, which are initially measured at fair value.

Financial liabilities are classified as either financial liabilities at FVTPL or other financial liabilities.

Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL if the financial liability is either held for trading or it is designated as such upon initial recognition. Financial liabilities  classified  as  at  FVTPL  comprise  derivatives  that  are  not designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting.

## Other financial liabilities

## Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value, net of transaction costs, and are subsequently measured  at  amortised  cost,  where  applicable,  using  the  effective  interest  method,  with  interest  expense recognised  on  an  effective  yield  basis.  A  gain  or  loss  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liability  is derecognised and through the amortisation process.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  financial  liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations  are  discharged, cancelled or they expire.

## Offsetting of financial instruments

A financial  asset  and  a  financial  liability  shall  be  offset  and  the  net  amount  presented  in  the  statements  of financial position when and only when, an entity:

- (a) currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and
- (b) intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.14 Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Costs  comprise  purchase  costs  of  raw materials  of  food  and  other  consumables  and  those  overheads  that  have  been  incurred  in  bringing  the inventories  to  their  present  location  and  condition.  Cost  is  calculated  using  the  first  in  first  out  method.  Net realisable  value  represents  the  estimated  selling  price  less  all  estimated  costs  of  completion  and  costs  to  be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution.

## 2.15 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits with financial institutions, and other short-term highly liquid investments which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.16 Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assessed whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

Where  a  contract  contains  more  than  one  lease  component,  the  Group  allocates  the  consideration  in  the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component. Where the contract contains non-lease components, the Group applied the practical expedient to not to separate nonlease components from lease components, and instead account for each lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and lease liability at the lease commencement date for all lease arrangement for which the Group is the lessee, except for leases which have lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets for which the Group applied the recognition exemption allowed under SFRS(I) 16 Leases ('SFRS(I) 16'). For these leases, the Group recognises the lease payment as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

The right-of-use asset is  initially  measured  at  cost,  which  comprises  the  initial  amount  of  the  lease  liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement date to the end of the lease term. When the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by  the  end  of  the  lease  term  or  the  cost  of  the  right-of-use  asset  reflects  that  the  Group  will  exercise  a purchase option, the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. The right-of-use asset is also reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability, where applicable.

Right-of-use assets are presented within 'property, plant and equipment'.

The lease  liability  is  initially  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments  that  are  not  paid  at  the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee's incremental borrowing rate.

The Group generally uses the incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate. To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group obtains a reference rate and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and the asset leased.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.16 Leases (Continued)

The lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- -fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments less any lease incentive receivable,
- -variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date,
- -amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee,
- -the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, and
- -payments of penalties for terminating the lease if the Group is reasonably certain to terminate early and lease payments for an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option.

The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The Group remeasures the lease liability when there is a change in the lease term due to a change in assessment of whether it will exercise a  termination  or  extension  or  purchase  option  or  due  to  a  change  in  future  lease  payment  resulting  from  a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payment.

Where there is a remeasurement of the lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the right-of-use asset or in profit  or  loss  where  there  is  a  further  reduction  in  the  measurement  of  the  lease  liability  and  the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero.

## 2.17 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  taking  into  account  the  risks  and  uncertainties  surrounding  the obligation.  Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows, which is discounted using a pre-tax discount rate.

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received, and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

Changes in the estimated timing or amount of the expenditure or discount rate are recognised in profit or loss as they arise.

## 2.18 Government grants

Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all  attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the grant relates to an expense, the grant is recognised as income in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the related costs, for which the grants are intended to compensate, is expensed. Where the grant relates to an asset, the grant is recognised as deferred capital grant on the statement of financial position and is amortised to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalment.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 2. Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

## 2.19 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (i) a  possible  obligation  that  arises  from  past  events  and  whose  existence  will  be  confirmed  only  by  the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (ii) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (a) it  is  not  probable  that  an  outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (b) the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingencies are not recognised on the statement of financial position of the Group, except for contingent liabilities  assumed  in  a  business  combination  that  are  present  obligations  and  which  the  fair  value  can  be reliably determined.

## 2.20 Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to  the  chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the group of executive directors and the chief executive officer who make strategic decisions.

## 2.21 Discontinued operations

A discontinued operation is a component of an entity that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and

- (i) represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
- (ii) is  part  of  a  single  co-ordinated  plan  to  dispose  of  a  separate  major  line  or  geographical  area  of operations; or
- (iii) is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

The results of discontinued operations is disclosed separately from continuing operations as a single amount comprising the post-tax profit or loss of discontinued operations and the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement to fair value less costs to sell or on the disposal of the assets or disposal groups constituting the discontinued operation.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty

The Group made judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that  were  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources  in  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies. Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the estimates.

## 3.1 Critical judgements made in applying the Group's accounting policies

## Determination of functional currency

The Group measures foreign currency transactions in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its  subsidiaries.  In  determining  the  functional  currencies  of  the  respective  entities  in  the  Group,  judgement  is required to determine the currency that mainly influences sales prices of goods and services and of the country whose competitive forces and regulations mainly determines the sales prices of its goods and services. The functional currencies of the entities in the Group are determined based on the local management's assessment of  the  economic environment in which the respective entities operate and the respective entities' process of determining sales prices.

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

## Acquisition of a subsidiary - accounting for business combinations

As disclosed in Note 15, a subsidiary of the Group, Superfood Kitchen acquired 70% equity interest in The Green Bar Pte. Ltd. ('GBPL') during the financial year at total purchase consideration at fair value of $17,000 by  way  of  allotment  of  250,000  ordinary  shares  of  Superfood  Kitchen.  SFRS(I)  3 Business  Combinations ('SFRS(I)  3')  requires  the  Group  to  recognise  the  identifiable  assets,  the  liabilities  assumed  and  any  noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their fair value at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred and the amount of the non-controlling interest in the acquiree, over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.

The Group engaged an external professional valuer to perform the purchase price allocation exercise, which involves the fair valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The identification of such assets acquired and liabilities  assumed and their measurement at fair value and the determination of the resulting goodwill is inherently judgemental and require significant amount of management estimation. The fair values of the resulting goodwill and the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are disclosed in Notes 13 and 15.

## Impairment of investments in subsidiaries and amounts due from subsidiaries

At the end of each financial year, an assessment is made on whether there are indicators that the Company's investments and amounts due from subsidiaries are impaired. Where applicable, the Company's assessments are  based on expected credit loss with reference to SFRS(I) 9 and the estimation of the value in use of the assets  defined  in  SFRS(I)  36 Impairment  of  Assets ('SFRS(I)  36').  The  Company's  carrying  amount  of investments in subsidiaries and amounts due from subsidiaries as at 31 July 2022 were disclosed in Notes 15 and 18 respectively.

## Impairment of goodwill

The Group tests goodwill for impairment at least on an annual basis. Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value-in-use of the CGU to which goodwill has been allocated. The value-in-use calculation requires the entity to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the CGU and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate present value. The carrying amount of the Group's goodwill on consolidation as at 31 July 2022 was $19,000 (2021: $Nil) (Note 13).

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 3. Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

The Group depreciates the property, plant and equipment and investment properties over their estimated useful lives after taking into account of their estimated residual values. The estimated useful life reflects management's estimate of the period that the Group intends to derive future economic benefits from the use of the Group's property, plant and equipment and investment properties. The residual value reflects management's estimated amount that the Group would currently obtain from the disposal of the asset, after deducting the estimated costs of disposal, as if the asset was already of the age and in the condition expected at the end of its useful life.  Changes  in  the  expected  level  of  usage  and  technological  developments  could  affect  the  economics, useful lives and the residual values of these assets which could then consequentially impact future depreciation charges. The carrying amounts of the Group's property, plant and equipment at 31 July 2022 were $70,000 (2021: $6,000) (Note 12).

## Measurement of ECL of trade and other receivables

The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates.  The  Group  uses  judgement  in  making  these  assumptions  and  selecting  the  inputs  to  the  impairment calculation,  based on the Group's history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the  end  of  each  reporting  year.  The  carrying  amounts  might  change  materially  within  the  next  reporting  year but these changes may not arise from assumptions or other sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting year. The expected loss allowances on the trade and other receivables of the Group and of the Company as at 31 July 2022 are $Nil and $6,040,000 (2021: $Nil and $6,964,000) (Note 18) respectively.

## Fair value of convertible loan receivable

Where  the  fair  values  of  convertible  loan  receivable  recorded  in  the  statement  of  financial  position  of  the Company cannot be derived from active markets, they are determined using valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow model. The inputs to these models are derived from observable market data where possible,  but  where  this  is  not  feasible,  a  degree  of  judgment  is  required  in  establishing  the  fair  values.  The judgments include considerations of liquidity and model inputs regarding the future financial performance of the investee, its risk profile, and economic assumptions regarding the industry and geographical jurisdiction in which the investee operates. Changes in assumptions about these factors could affect the reported fair value of convertible loan receivable. The valuation of convertible loan receivable is described in more details in Note 16.

## 4. Revenue

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Revenue recognised at point in time  -  Food and beverage revenue  220  34   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 4. Revenue (Continued)

The disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

| Food and beverage  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Geographical markets  (a)  Singapore  132  3  Thailand  88  31  220  34  Timing of revenue recognition  Goods transferred at a point in time  220  34   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The disaggregation is based on the location of customers from which revenue was generated.

## 5. Other operating income

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Gain on termination of lease  -  148  Reversal of provision for reinstatement cost  -  120  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15)  -  19  Government grant  30  7  Interest income from fixed deposit  1  *  Job Support Scheme  (1)  -  14  Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)  46  (109)  Other payables written back  (2)  -  2,137  Others  58  87  135  2,423   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

(1) During the last financial year, to help businesses cope with the impact from COVID-19, the Singapore government introduced the Job Support Scheme ('JSS').

The JSS provides wage support to employers to help them retain their local employees (Singapore Citizens and Permanent Residents) during this period of economic uncertainty. JSS payouts are intended to offset local employees' wages and help protect their jobs.

The Group has been awarded government grant for which the grant income was recognised in other income. The grant income relating to JSS amounted to $Nil (2021: $14,000) and the corresponding expenses were recognised in staff costs.

(2) Other payables written back mainly pertained to waiver of loans from former shareholders, namely Bounty Blue Capital Ltd. and Capital Square Co., Ltd in the previous financial year.

## 6. Employee benefits

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Wages and salaries and related benefits  681  599  Employer's contribution to Central Provident Fund  54  33  Directors' fees  95  81  Other benefits and related expenses  4  4  834  717   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. Legal and professional fees

Legal and professional fees included the following for the financial years ended 31 July:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Legal fees  8  98  Consultancy fee  60  60  Audit fees paid to auditors of the:  - Company  81  64  - Subsidiaries  15  15  Non-audit fees paid to auditors of the Group  -  14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 8. Other operating expenses

The following items have been included in arriving at other operating expenses:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Insurance  11  6  IT services expense  8  12  Cleaning/Laundry service  -  1  Restaurant supplies  3  1  Kitchen supplies  5  *  Decorations  -  2  Repairs and maintenance  4  1  Printing  5  1  Utilities  19  25  Telephone  6  13  General expense  54  139  Review and retainer fee  -  139  Bank charge  2  3  Cleaning supplies  -  5  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  10  Bad debt written off  -  167  Property, plant and equipment written off  -  2   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Income tax

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Current tax expense  Current financial year  -  3  (Over)/Under-provision for prior financial year  (7)  13  (7)  16   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company is incorporated in Singapore and accordingly is subject to an income tax rate of 17%. Taxation for other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions. There were no changes in the enterprise income tax of the different applicable jurisdictions in the current year from the last year.

## 9. Income tax (Continued)

Reconciliation of effective tax rate is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  (Loss)/Profit before income tax from continuing operations  (1,090)  708  Profit before income tax from discontinued operations  -  3,314  Total (loss)/profit before income tax  (1,090)  4,022  Tax at the applicable tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  (185)  684  Tax effects of:  Deferred tax assets not recognised  186  207  Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  5  123  Income not subject to tax  (6)  (1,014)  (Over)/Under-provision for prior financial year  (7)  13  Others  -  3  Total income tax  (7)  16   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 July 2022, the Group has unabsorbed tax losses of approximately $15,303,000 (2021: $14,209,000) that are available for offset against future taxable profits of the companies in which they arose and for which no deferred tax asset is recognised due to the uncertainty of its recoverability. The use of these tax losses is subject to agreement of the tax authorities.

## 10. Discontinued operations

On 8 February 2021, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, LB F&amp;B Pte. Ltd. and Takumi Holidays Pte. Ltd., each entered into two separate conditional share sale and purchase agreements with Capital Square Co., Ltd.  to  dispose  their  entire  interests  in  SYNC  Co.,  Ltd.  ('SYNC'),  LB  KOH  Co.,  Ltd.  ('LB  KOH'),  LifeBrandz USA  Inc.  ('LB  USA')  and  e-Holidays  Co.,  Ltd.  ('e-Holidays'),  (collectively  'Disposed  subsidiaries'),  for  a consideration of $1 each respectively ('Disposals') (Note 25(b)).

The disposal of LB USA has been completed on 5 March 2021, the disposals of e-Holidays and LB KOH have been completed on 8 March 2021, and the disposal of SYNC has been completed on 10 March 2021.

The results of Disposed subsidiaries for the financial years ended 31 July are as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Revenue  -  240  Other income  -  3,415  Expenses  -  (341)  Profit for the financial year from discontinued operations  -  3,314   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 10. Discontinued operations (Continued)

Statement of Cash Flows disclosures

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Operating activities  -  (188)  Investing activities  -  (28)  Financing activities  -  210  Net cash outflows  -  (6)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11. (Loss)/Earnings per share

Basic (loss)/earnings per share are calculated by dividing the (loss)/profit, net of tax, attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

Diluted  (loss)/earnings  per  share  are  the  same  as  basic  (loss)/earnings  per  share  as  515,085,057  (2021: 515,085,057) warrants granted under the Rights cum Warrants issue have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive.

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Net (loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company  (1,052)  692  Discontinued operations  Net profit attributable to owners of the Company  -  1,168  Continuing operations  Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share (cents)  (0.05)  0.08  Discontinued operations  Basic and diluted earnings per share (cents)  -  0.13  No. of shares  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  2,060,340  914,282   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to

## The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

| Group  Computer  equipment  Office and  operating  equipment  Furniture  and fixtures  Leasehold  improvement  and  renovation  Plant and  equipment  Premises  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 August 2020  136  2  241  1,980  162  4,025  6,546  Additions  5  -  -  -  -  -  5  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15)  -  -  (1)  (1)  -  -  (2)  Write off/Disposal  (127)  -  (127)  (1,442)  (9)  (4,025)  (5,730)  Exchange translation differences  -  (1)  (10)  (33)  (10)  -  (54)  At 31 July 2021  14  1  103  504  143  -  765  Additions from acquisition of subsidiary  (Note 15)  -  -  -  -  -  82  82  Additions  2  -  5  13  12  -  32  Exchange translation differences  -  -  (10)  (47)  (11)  -  (68)  At 31 July 2022  16  1  98  470  144  82  811  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 August 2020  85  2  172  1,087  159  710  2,215  Depreciation  3  -  4  3  -  -  10  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 15)  -  -  -  (1)  -  -  (1)  Write off/Disposal  (79)  -  (64)  (553)  (5)  (710)  (1,411)  Exchange translation differences  (1)  (1)  (9)  (32)  (11)  -  (54)  At 31 July 2021  8  1  103  504  143  -  759  Depreciation  2  -  1  6  2  34  45  Exchange translation differences  -  -  (10)  (42)  (11)  -  (63)  At 31 July 2022  10  1  94  468  134  34  741  Accumulated impairment loss:  At 1 August 2020  47  -  53  889  -  3,315  4,304  Write off/Disposal  (47)  -  (53)  (889)  -  (3,315)  (4,304)  At 31 July 2021 and 31 July 2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Carrying amount:  At 31 July 2022  6  -  4  2  10  48  70  At 31 July 2021  6  -  -  -  -  -  6   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 12. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

| Company  Computer  equipment  Furniture  and fixtures  Leasehold  improvement  and renovation  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cost:  At 1 August 2020  46  10  9  65  Additions  5  -  -  5  Written-Off  (46)  (10)  (9)  (65)  At 31 July 2021 and 31 July 2022  5  -  -  5  Accumulated depreciation:  At 1 August 2020  43  6  7  56  Depreciation  3  4  2  9  Written-Off  (46)  (10)  (9)  (65)  At 31 July 2021  *  -  -  *  Depreciation  2  -  -  2  At 31 July 2022  2  -  -  2  Carrying amount:  At 31 July 2022  3  -  -  3  At 31 July 2021  5  -  -  5   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

## 13. Goodwill

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Cost and carrying amount:  At 1 August  -  -  Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 15)  19  -  At 31 July  19  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination.

During the financial year, goodwill with carrying amount of $19,000 was recognised through the acquisition of a subsidiary, The Green Bar Pte. Ltd. by the Group.

## 13. Goodwill (Continued)

The Group tests CGUs for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication for impairment.

The Group has measured the recoverable amount of the CGU based on a value in use calculation using 5-years cash flows projections approved by the Board of Directors.

Key assumptions on which management has based its cash flow projections for the respective periods are as follows:

| 2022  Growth rates  (i)  5% to 62%  Discount rates  (ii)  15.40%  Terminal growth rates  (iii)  2%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Key assumptions used in the value-in-use calculations

- (i) Growth rates - The forecasted revenue growth rates are based on published industry research, adjusted for the specific circumstances of the CGU and based on management's experience, and do not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the corresponding industry of the CGU.
- (ii) Discount rates - The discount rates used are based on the weighted average cost of the CGU's capital (the  'WACC'),  adjusted  for  the  specific  circumstances  of  the  CGU  and  based  on  management's experience, and re-grossed back to arrive at the pre-tax rates.
- (iii) Terminal growth rates -  The  terminal growth rates are determined based on management's estimate of the long-term industry growth rates.

## Sensitivity to changes in assumptions

Management is of the view that any reasonable possible change in any of the above key assumptions are not likely to materially cause the CGU's carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

## Impairment loss recognised

There is no impairment for goodwill identified by the management for the financial year.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 14. Intangible asset

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Non-contractual customer relationships  Cost:  At 1 August  -  226  Addition  -  28  Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 15)  -  (254)  At 31 July  -  -  Accumulated amortisation:  At 1 August  -  211  Amortisation charge  -  *  Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 15)  -  (211)  At 31 July  -  -  Accumulated impairment loss:  At 1 August  -  15  Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 15)  -  (15)  At 31 July  -  -  Net carrying amount:  At 31 July  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

The  Group's  intangible  asset  represented  customer  relationships  which  were  acquired  through  a  business combination.

The intangible asset was amortised over 3 years based on the historical customer attrition rate.

On 8 March 2021, the subsidiary, e-Holidays Co., Ltd. had been disposed to a related party, Capital Square Co., Ltd. (Notes 10 and 15).

## 15. Investments in subsidiaries

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Investments in subsidiaries, at cost  1,786  421  Less: Impairment losses  (1,786)  (421)  *  *  Cost  At beginning of financial year  421  421  Acquisition  (1)  1,365  -  1,786  421  Less: Impairment losses  (1,786)  (421)  At end of financial year  *  *   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

Movement in allowance for impairment losses are as follows:

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At beginning of financial year  421  421  Impairment losses recognised during the financial year  (2)  1,365  -  At end of financial year  1,786  421   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) During the financial year, the Company invested additional capital of $1,365,000 in its subsidiary, Superfood Kitchen Pte.  Ltd.  (formerly  known  as  LB  Lab  Pte.  Ltd.)  ('Superfood  Kitchen')  by  way  of  capitalising  the  amount  receivable from Superfood Kitchen and cash consideration amounted to $1,315,000 and $50,000 respectively.

(2) The recoverable amount of investment in a subsidiary was determined based on the estimation of the value-in-use of the CGU by forecasting the expected future cash flows for a period up to 5 years, using a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The Company had recognised full impairment of $1,365,000 for  the  investment  in  Superfood  Kitchen  during  the  financial  year  as  the  subsidiary  has  been  persistently  making losses and hence, recoverable amount calculated as present values of estimated cash flows discounted using a pretax discount rate of 11.27% is lower than the carrying amount of the investment in subsidiary.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 15. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Details of subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Principal activities  Country of  incorporation and  principal place of  business  Proportion (%)  of ownership  interest  Cost of investment  by the Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $'000  $'000  Held by the Company  Orientstar Group  Limited  (b)  Dormant  British Virgin Islands  100  100  *  *  LifeBrandz (Thailand)  Co., Ltd.  (c)  Investment holding  Thailand  100  100  321  321  Takumi Holidays  Pte. Ltd.  (a)  Inactive  Singapore  100  100  100  100  Superfood Kitchen Pte.  Ltd. (formerly known  as LB Lab Pte. Ltd.)  (a)  Investment holding  and operating of  restaurants  Singapore  75  100  1,365  (1), (2)  *  LB F&amp;B Pte. Ltd.  (a)  Inactive  Singapore  100  100  *  *  Held through LifeBrandz (Thailand) Co., Ltd.  Mulligan's Co., Ltd.  (c)  Lifestyle and  entertainment  businesses  Thailand  100  100  -  -  Held through LB F&amp;B Pte. Ltd.  Cloud Eight Pte. Ltd.  (a)  Inactive  Singapore  100  100  -  -  LB F&amp;B Sdn. Bhd.  (d), (e)  Inactive  Malaysia  100  100  -  -  Held through Superfood Kitchen Pte. Ltd. (formerly known as LB Lab Pte. Ltd.)  The Green Bar Pte.  Ltd.  (a)  Operating of  restaurant  Singapore  70  -  -  -  1,786  421   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

(a) Audited by Mazars LLP , Singapore.

(b) Not required to be audited under the laws of the country of incorporation.

(c) Audited by Mazars Limited, Thailand.

(d) Reviewed by Mazars LLP , Singapore for consolidation.

(e) Audited by Crowe Malaysia PLT.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 15. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

Interest in a subsidiary with material non-controlling interests ('NCI')

The Group has the following subsidiaries that have NCI that are material to the Group.

| Name of subsidiary  Proportion of  ownership interest  held  by NCI  Profit/(Loss) allocated  to NCI during the  financial year  Accumulated NCI at  the end of financial  year  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  LifeBrandz USA Inc.  (1)  -  -  -  2,201  -  -  Superfood Kitchen  25.0  -  (15)  -  9  -  The Green Bar Pte. Ltd.  47.5  -  (16)  -  (7)  -  (31)  2,201  2  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The subsidiary has been disposed in the financial year ended 31 July 2021.

Summarised financial information (before intercompany eliminations):

| LifeBrandz USA Inc.  Superfood Kitchen  The Green Bar Pte. Ltd.  ('GBPL')  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Assets  Non-current  -  -  32  -  63  -  Current  -  -  233  -  83  -  Total assets  -  -  265  -  146  -  Liabilities  Non-current  -  -  155  -  -  -  Current  -  -  75  -  160  -  Total liabilities  -  -  230  -  160  -  Net assets  -  -  35  -  (14)  -  Revenue  -  -  -  -  132  -  Profit/(Loss) after  income tax and total  comprehensive  income/(loss)  -  4,402  (59)  -  (34)  -  Profit/(Loss) for the  financial year attributable  to non-controlling interest  -  2,146  (15)  -  (16)  -  Other comprehensive  income attributable to  non-controlling interest  -  55  -  -  -  -  Equity attributable to non-  controlling interest  -  -  9  -  (7)  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 15. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Disposal of subsidiaries

On 8 February 2021, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries, LB F&amp;B Pte. Ltd. and Takumi Holidays Pte. Ltd., each entered into two separate conditional share sale and purchase agreements with Capital Square Co., Ltd.  to  dispose  their  entire  interests  in  SYNC  Co.,  Ltd.  ('SYNC'),  LB  KOH  Co.,  Ltd.  ('LB  KOH'),  LifeBrandz USA  Inc.  ('LB  USA')  and  e-Holidays  Co.,  Ltd.  ('e-Holidays'),  (collectively  'Disposed  subsidiaries'),  for  a consideration of $1 each respectively ('Disposals').

The disposals of LB USA has been completed on 5 March 2021, the disposals of e-Holidays and LB KOH have been completed on 8 March 2021, and the disposal of SYNC has been completed on 10 March 2021.

Carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities as at the date of disposal as follows:

| Carrying  amount  $'000  Assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  6  Trade and other receivables  225  Inventories  5  Guarantee deposit  188  Intangible assets  28  Property, plant and equipment  2  Total assets  454  Liabilities:  Borrowings  233  Trade and other payables  476  Income tax payable  1  Total liabilities  710  Non-controlling interests  207  The Group's share of carrying amount of net assets  (49)  Cash consideration  *  Cash and cash equivalents of disposed subsidiaries  6  Net cash outflow on disposal of subsidiaries  (6)  Consideration received  *  The Group's share of carrying amount of net assets derecognised  (49)  Cumulative exchange differences relating to disposed  subsidiaries reclassified from equity to profit or loss  30  Gain on disposal  (19)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

The  gain  on  disposal  is  recognised  in  other  operating  income  in  the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other comprehensive income (Note 5).

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 15. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

## Acquisition of a subsidiary

On 29 April  2022,  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group,  Superfood  Kitchen  acquired  70%  equity  interest  in  GBPL  to capitalise  on  growth  opportunities  and  prospects.  The  consideration  of  $17,000  has  been  paid  by  way  of allotment  of  250,000  ordinary  shares  of  Superfood  Kitchen.  Following  the  completion  of  acquisition,  the shareholding in Superfood Kitchen by the Company has decreased from 100% to 75%.

Fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of GBPL as at the date of acquisition:

| Fair value  recognised  on date of  acquisition  $'000  Assets  Trade and other receivables  21  Right-of-use assets  82  Cash and cash equivalents  46  149  Liabilities  Trade and other payables  58  Lease liabilities  93  151  Net identifiable liabilities at fair value  (2)  Total purchase consideration  17  Goodwill arising from acquisition  19  Effects of the acquisition of the subsidiary on cash flows  $'000  Total consideration for 100% equity interest acquired  17  Consideration payable in shares (as above)  (17)  Consideration paid in cash  -  Less: Cash and cash equivalents of subsidiary acquired  (46)  ## Net cash inflow on acquisition of the subsidiary  (46)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

GBPL contributed a net loss of $34,000 to the Group from the date of acquisition of GBPL. The transaction costs related  to  the  acquisition  of  $70,000  have  been  included  in  'legal  and  professional  expenses'  in  the Group's profit or loss for the current financial year and next financial year.

From the date of acquisition, GBPL has contributed $132,000 and $34,000 to the revenue and loss after income tax  of  the  Group  respectively.  If  the  combination  has  taken  place  at  the  beginning  of  the  financial  year,  the Group's revenue and loss after income tax would have been approximately $302,000 and $59,000 respectively.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 16. Convertible loan receivable

| Company  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  At FVTPL  Convertible loan receivable  144  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 18 April  2022,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  its  subsidiary,  Superfood  Kitchen  by  way of  grant  of  a  convertible  loan  of  amount  up  to  $650,000  and  with  maturity  date  on  five  (5)  years  from  the drawdown date. The subsidiary bears a fixed interest rate for the convertible loan of 5% per annum on each amount outstanding under convertible loan, on each anniversary of the completion date until the loan principal is fully repaid. The Company entitled to convert the convertible loan into converted shares at a conversion price of $0.065 per Superfood Kitchen's share in the event of any payment that is due but not made on or before the interest payment date(s) or the repayment date; or upon the occurrence of an event of default.

The subsidiary, Superfood Kitchen has drawn down the loan totaling amounted to $200,000 on 20 May 2022 and  7  July  2022  respectively.  The  fair  value  of  the  convertible  loan  receivable  was  determined  based  on discounted cashflows for an equivalent financial instrument. Consequently, the fair value loss on the convertible loan receivables amounted to $56,000 was recognised in the Company's statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

The Company has classified the convertible loan receivable as financial assets at FVTPL at initial recognition and at the end of the reporting period. The Company has determined the fair value of the convertible loan receivable  based  on  the  valuation  performed  by  an  external  professional  valuer  using  the  discounted  cash flow  method. The key inputs to the discounted cash flow method mainly include the discount rate, time to maturity, required rate of return and probability of conversion. Management considered the appropriateness of the valuation technique and assumptions applied by the external valuer. The fair value of the convertible loan receivable is categorised at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 27).

## 17. Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Statement of financial position:  Food and beverage inventories  6  2  Statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income:  Continuing operations  Inventories recognised as an expense  60  16   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. Trade and other receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade receivables:  Third parties  2  -  -  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries  -  -  35  828  2  -  35  828  Less: Loss allowance (Note 26)  -  -  -  (828)  2  -  35  -  Other receivables:  Third parties  57  55  50  50  Prepayments  95  46  48  44  Deposits  116  20  5  1  Amounts due from subsidiaries  -  -  6,040  6,466  268  121  6,143  6,561  Less: Loss allowance (amounts due from  subsidiaries) (Note 26)  -  -  (6,040)  (6,136)  268  121  103  425  Total trade and other receivables  270  121  138  425   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30 to 60 days' terms (2021: 30 to 60 days). They are recognised at the transaction price which represent their fair value on initial recognition.

The non-trade amounts due from subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and are repayable on demand.

The details of the impairment of trade and other receivables and credit exposures are disclosed in Note 26.

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's trade and other receivables as at 31 July are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Singapore Dollar  252  101  138  425  Thai Baht  18  20  -  -  270  121  138  425   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 19. Cash and cash equivalents

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Cash on hand  4  2  *  *  Bank balances  2,868  4,452  2,662  4,350  2,872  4,454  2,662  4,350   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Denotes amount less than $1,000

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's cash and cash equivalents as at 31 July are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Singapore Dollar  2,810  4,359  2,662  4,350  Thai Baht  18  10  -  -  Malaysia Ringgit  44  85  -  -  2,872  4,454  2,662  4,350   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Share capital

| Group and Company  2022  2021  No. of  shares  Amount  No. of  shares  Amount  '000  $'000  '000  $'000  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares  At 1 August  2,060,340  69,950  611,670  63,074  Issuance of shares  -  -  112,500  450  Issuance of shares  -  -  306,000  1,530  Issuance of shares - Rights shares  -  -  1,030,170  5,151  Share issuance expense  -  -  -  (255)  At 31 July  2,060,340  69,950  2,060,340  69,950   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 26 November 2020, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with I Concept Global Growth Fund ('I Concept') and Liw Chai Yuk ('LCY, and collectively with I Concept, the 'Subscribers'). The Subscribers have agreed to subscribe for an aggregate of 125,000,000 new ordinary shares in the capital of the Company (the 'Subscription Shares') at an issue price of $0.004 for each Subscription Share amounting to an aggregate cash consideration of $500,000. The subscription was completed on 10 December 2020 with the issue and allotment of 112,500,000 Subscription Shares to the Subscribers, for a total consideration of $450,000.

## 20. Share capital (Continued)

On 8 February 2021, the Company entered into separate subscription agreements with nine individuals who are not related to the Group to raise $1,530,000 by way of issuing 306,000,000 of new ordinary shares in the capital  of  the  Company  (the  'subscription  exercise')  at  an  issue  price  of  $0.005  for  each  subscription  share for the repayment of debts and liabilities and general working capital purposes. The subscription exercise was completed on 9 March 2021.

On 22 June 2021,  the  Company  completed  the  renounceable  non-underwritten  rights  cum  warrants  issue of  1,030,170,246 new ordinary shares ('Rights Shares') at the issue price of $0.005 for each Rights Share, with  515,085,057 free detachable and transferable warrants ('Warrants'). Each Warrant carrying the right to subscribe for one (1) new ordinary share ('New Share') at the exercise price of $0.010 for each New Share, on the basis of one (1) Rights Share for every one (1) existing Share held by entitled shareholders as at the record date, with one (1) free detachable Warrant for every two (2) Rights Shares subscribed, fractional entitlements to be disregarded ('Rights cum Warrants Issue'). Each Warrant may be exercised at any time during the period commencing on and including the date of issue of the Warrants and expiring on the date immediately preceding third  anniversary  of  the  date  of  issue  of  the  Warrants.  The  exercise  price  of  the  Warrants  and  the  number  of Warrants are fixed, subject to the terms and conditions set out in the Deed Poll. A total of 515,085,057 Warrants remains outstanding as of 31 July 2022 and 2021.

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company. All ordinary shares carry one vote per share without restrictions. The ordinary shares have no par value.

## 21. Foreign currency translation reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve represents exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial  statements  of  foreign  operations  whose  functional  currencies  are  different  from  that  of  the  Group's presentation currency.

## 22. Trade and other payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Trade payables:  Third parties  64  10  -  -  Other payables:  Third parties  235  254  194  223  Accrued operating expenses  403  463  288  343  Amounts due to related parties -  interest-free  -  274  -  274  Amount due to a subsidiary  -  -  -  250  638  991  482  1,090  702  1,001  482  1,090   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30 to 60 (2021: 30 to 60) days' terms, except for amount due to a subsidiary which are repayable on demand.

The amounts due to related parties - interest free were unsecured loans and repayable on demand. These had been provided by a shareholder of the Company, the amount has been fully repaid during the financial year.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 22. Trade and other payables (Continued)

The currency profiles of the Group's and Company's trade and other payables as at 31 July are as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Singapore Dollar  622  914  482  1,090  Thai Baht  71  81  -  -  Malaysia Ringgit  9  6  -  -  702  1,001  482  1,090   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23. The Group as a lessee

The Group leases certain premises for three to five years.

## Recognition exemptions

The Group has certain office premises with lease terms of 12 months or less and/or of low value. For such leases, the Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

The carrying amount of right-of-use assets by class of underlying asset classified within property, plant and equipment as follows:

| Premises  $'000  Group  At 1 August 2020, 31 July 2021 and 1 August 2021  -  Acquisition of a subsidiary  82  Depreciation  (34)  At 31 July 2022  48   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  total  cash  outflow  for  leases  during  the  financial  year  ended  31  July  2022  is  $43,000  (2021: $150,000).

## (b) Lease liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Lease liabilities - current  53  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 26.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 23. The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (c) Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Interest expense on lease liabilities  3  5  Expenses relating to short-term lease  29  85   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. Related party transactions

A related party is defined as follows:

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group and Company if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Company;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Company; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or Company or of a parent of the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group and the Company if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the  entity  and  the  Company  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each  parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Company or an entity related to the Company. If the Company is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the Company.
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) a  person  identified  in  (a)(i)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management  personal services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

The effect  of  the  Group's  and  of  the  Company's  transactions  and  arrangements  with  related  parties is  reflected  in  these  financial  statements.  The  balances  are  unsecured,  interest-free  and  repayable  on demand unless otherwise stated.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 24. Related party transactions (Continued)

## Key management personnel

Key management personnel are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling  the  activities  of  the  Group  and  the  Company,  directly  or  indirectly,  including  any  director  (whether executive or otherwise) of that company.

## (a) Compensation of key management personnel

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Salaries and other short-term  employee benefits  472  243  379  204  Employer's contribution to Central  Provident Fund  38  10  26  6  Directors' fees  95  81  95  81  605  334  500  291   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included  in  the  above  is  total  compensation  for  executive  directors  of  the  Company  amounting  to $286,000 (2021: $210,000).

## (b) Sale and purchase of goods and services

In addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following significant  transactions  between  the  Group  or  the  Company  and  related  parties  took  place  at  terms agreed between the parties during the financial year:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Related companies  (a)  Usage of office facilities  -  -  -  18  Former shareholders  Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 10)  -  4  -  -  Subsidiaries  Management fees income  -  -  (153)  (136)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) These are entities with common directors or key management personnel of the Company.

## 25. Segment information

The Group's continuing operations are substantially in operating of restaurants business.

All of its continuing operations are in Singapore, except for two subsidiaries - Mulligan's Co., Ltd. and LB F&amp;B Sdn. Bhd., which are located in Thailand and Malaysia respectively. The Group's discontinued operations under SYNC Co., Ltd., LB KOH Co., Ltd. and e-Holidays Co., Ltd. are located in Japan, and discontinued operations under LifeBrandz USA Inc. is located in San Francisco, United States of America.

For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical location.

Management monitors the operating results of its business units separately for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on operating profit or loss which in certain respects, as explained in the table below, is measured differently from operating profit or loss in the consolidated financial statements.

## (a) Geographical segment

| Singapore  Thailand  Malaysia  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Continuing operations  Revenue:  Sales to external  customers  132  3  88  31  -  -  220  34  Results:  Amortisation and  depreciation  45  8  -  2  -  -  45  10  Other payables written  back  -  2,137  -  -  -  -  -  2,137  Segment (loss)/profit for  the year  (883)  1,046  (146)  (277)  (54)  (77)  (1,083)  692  Assets/(Liabilities):  Property, plant and  equipment  70  5  -  1  -  -  70  6  Segment assets  (1)  3,148  4,465  44  32  45  86  3,237  4,583  Segment liabilities  (2)  (675)  (914)  (71)  (81)  (9)  (6)  (755)  (1,001)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 25. Segment information (Continued)

## (a) Geographical segment (Continued)

| Japan  United States  Consolidated  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Discontinued operations  Revenue:  Sales to external customers  -  240  -  -  -  240  Results:  Amortisation and depreciation  -  -  -  -  -  -  Impairment loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  Segment profit for the year  -  177  -  3,137  -  3,314  Assets/(Liabilities):  Property, plant and equipment  -  -  -  -  -  -  Segment assets  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Segment liabilities  (2)  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Segment assets relate to total assets of the respective segment. Inter-segment assets of $181,000 (2021: $964,000) are deducted from segment assets to arrive at total assets reported in the consolidated statement of financial position.

(2) Segment liabilities  relate  to  total  liabilities  of  the  respective  segment.  Inter-segment  liabilities  of  $6,446,000 (2021: $8,039,000) are deducted from segment liabilities to arrive at total liabilities reported in the consolidated statement of financial position.

## (b) Information on major customers

The  Group  generates  its  revenue  from  transactions  with  numerous  customers  and  no  customer contributes more than 10% of the Group's revenue.

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks

The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial instruments. The key financial risks include credit risk and liquidity risk.  The  board  of  directors  reviews  and agrees policies and procedures for the management of these risks, which are executed by the Chief Financial Officer.  The  audit  committee  provides  independent  oversight  to  the  effectiveness  of  the  risk  management process.

The  Group's  principal  financial  instruments  comprise  cash  and  fixed  deposits.  The  main  purpose  of  these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

It  is,  and  has  been  throughout  the  current  and  previous  financial  years,  the  Group's  policy  that  no  trade  in derivative financial instruments shall be undertaken.

The  following  sections  provide  details  regarding  the  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  the  abovementioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## (a) Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk that the counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Group. The Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties and obtaining sufficient collateral where appropriate, as a means of mitigating the risk of financial loss from defaults.

The Group's credit risk arises mainly from bank balances, trade and other receivables and other debt instruments carried at amortised cost. Bank balances are mainly deposits with banks with high creditratings assigned by international credit rating agencies and the Group does not expect the impairment loss from bank balances to be material, if any.

To assess and manage its credit risk, the Group categorises the aforementioned financial assets and contract assets according to their risk of default. The Group defines default to have taken place when internal  or/and  external  information  indicates  that  the  financial  asset  is  unlikely  to  be  received,  which could include a breach of debt covenant, default of interest due for more than 30 days, but not later than when the financial asset is more than 90 days past due as per SFRS(I) 9's presumption.

In their assessment, the management considers, amongst other factors, the latest relevant credit ratings from  reputable  external  rating  agencies  where  available  and  deemed  appropriate,  historical  credit experiences, latest available financial information and latest applicable credit reputation of the debtor.

The Group's internal credit risk grading categories are as follows:

Note 1. Low credit risk

| Category  Description  Basis of recognising ECL  1  Low credit risk  Note 1  12-months ECL  2  Non-significant increase in credit risk since  initial recognition and financial asset is ≤ 30  days past due  12-months ECL  3  Significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial recognition  Note 2  or financial asset is &gt;  30 days past due  Lifetime ECL  4  Evidence  indicates  that  financial  asset  is  credit-impaired  Note 3  Difference between financial asset's gross  carrying  amount  and  present  value  of  estimated  future  cash  flows  discounted  at  the  financial  asset's  original  effective  interest rate  5  Evidence  indicates  that  the  management  has  no  reasonable  expectations  of  recovering the write off amount  Note 4  Written off   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial asset is determined to have low credit risk if the financial assets have a low risk of default, the counterparty has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the counterparty to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. Generally, this is the case when the Group assesses and determines that the debtor has been, is in and is highly likely to be, in  the  foreseeable  future  and  during  the  (contractual)  term  of  the  financial  asset,  in  a  financial  position that will allow the debtor to settle the financial asset as and when it falls due.

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## (a) Credit risk (Continued)

Note 2. Significant increase in credit risk

In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  of  the  financial  asset  has  increased  significantly  since  initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial asset as of reporting date with the risk of default occurring on the financial asset as of date of initial recognition, and considered reasonable and supportable information, that is available without undue cost or effort, that is indicative of significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition. In assessing the significance of the change in the risk of default, the Group considers both past due (i.e. whether it is more than 30 days past due) and forward looking quantitative and qualitative information. Forward looking information includes the assessment of the latest performance and financial position of the debtor, adjusted for the Group's future outlook of the industry in which the debtor operates based on independently obtained information (e.g. expert reports,  analyst's  reports  etc)  and  the  most  recent  news  or  market  talks  about  the  debtor,  as applicable.  In  its  assessment,  the  Group  will  generally,  for  example,  assess  whether  the  deterioration of  the  financial  performance  and/or  financial  position,  adverse  change  in  the  economic  environment (country and industry in which the debtor operates), deterioration of credit risk of the debtor, etc. is in line with its expectation as of the date of initial recognition of the financial asset. Irrespective of the outcome of  the  above  assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contract payments are &gt;30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

## Note 3. Credit impaired

In  determining  whether financial  assets  are  credit-impaired,  the  Group  assesses  whether  one  or  more events that  have  a  detrimental  impact  on  the  estimated  future  cashflows  of  the  financial  asset  have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired includes the following observable data:

- Significant	financial	difficulty	of	the	debtor;
- Breach	of	contract,	such	as	a	default	or	being	more	than	90	days	past	due;
- It	is	becoming	probable	that	the	debtor	will	enter	bankruptcy	or	other	financial	reorganisation;	or
- The	disappearance	of	an	active	market	for	the	financial	asset	because	of	financial	difficulties.

Note 4. Write off

Generally,  the  Group  writes  off,  partially  or  fully,  the  financial  asset  when  it  assesses  that  there  is  no realistic prospect of recovery of the amount as evidenced by, for example, the debtor's lack of assets or income sources that could generate sufficient cashflows to repay the amounts subjected to the write-off.

The Group performs ongoing credit evaluation of its counterparties' financial condition and generally does not require collateral.

The Group and Company do not have any significant credit exposure to any single counterparty or any groups of counterparties having similar characteristics.

As at the end of the financial year, there was no significant concentration of credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the statements of financial position.

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## (a) Credit risk (Continued)

## Trade receivables (Note 18)

The Group uses the practical expedient under SFRS(I) 9 in the form of allowance matrix to measure the ECL for trade receivables, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

The ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are estimated using an allowance matrix by reference to  the  historical  credit  loss  experience  of  the  customers  for  the  last  3  years  prior  to  the  respective reporting dates for various customer groups that are assessed by geographical locations, product types and  internal  ratings,  adjusted  for  forward  looking  factors  specific  to  the  debtors  and  the  economic environment which could affect the ability of the debtors to settle the financial assets. In considering the impact of the economic environment on the ECL rates, the Group assesses, for example, the gross domestic  production  growth  rates  of  the  countries  (e.g.  Singapore,  Malaysia  and  Thailand)  and  the growth rates of the major industries which its customers operate in.

Trade receivables are written off when there is evidence to indicate that the customer is in severe financial difficulty  such  as  being  under  liquidation  or  bankruptcy  and  there  are  no  reasonable  expectations  for recovering the outstanding balances.

The loss allowance for trade receivables is determined as follows:

| Group  Current  Past due  more than  1 to 30  days  Past due  more than  31 to 60  days  Past due  more than  61 to 90  days  Past due  more than  90 days  Total  31 July 2022  Expected credit loss rates  0%  -  -  -  -  Trade receivables (gross)  ($'000)  2  -  -  -  -  2  Loss allowance ($'000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  31 July 2021  Expected credit loss rates  -  -  -  -  -  Trade receivables (gross)  ($'000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Loss allowance ($'000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Company  31 July 2022  Expected credit loss rates  0%  -  -  -  -  Trade receivables (gross)  ($'000)  35  -  -  -  -  35  Loss allowance ($'000)  -  -  -  -  -  -  31 July 2021  Expected credit loss rates  -  -  -  -  100%  Trade receivables (gross)  ($'000)  -  -  -  -  828  828  Loss allowance ($'000)  -  -  -  -  828  828   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## (a) Credit risk (Continued)

## Other receivables (Note 18)

As of 31 July 2022, the Company recorded other receivables from subsidiaries of $6,040,000 (2021: $6,466,000) consequent to extension of loans to the subsidiaries. In the view of the significant increase in credit risk resulting from COVID-19 pandemic, the Company assessed the impairment loss allowance of  these  amounts on a lifetime ECL basis. In its assessment of the credit risk of the subsidiaries, the Company considered amongst other factors, the  financial  position  of  the  subsidiaries  as  of  31  July 2022, the past financial performance and cashflow trends, adjusted for the outlook of the industry and economy in which the subsidiaries operate in. The loss allowance for other receivables from subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 July 2022 is $6,040,000 (2021: $6,136,000).

The movement in the loss allowance during the financial year and the Group's and Company's exposure to credit risk in respect of credit-impaired receivables are as follows:

| Group  Company  Internal credit  risk grading  Trade  Receivable  Note (i)  Trade  Receivable  Category 4  Other  Receivable  Category 1  Trade  Receivable  Note (i)  Trade  Receivable  Category 4  Other  Receivable  Category 1  Other  Receivable  Category 4  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Loss allowance  Balance at 1  August 2020  -  150  -  -  691  -  4,907  Impairment loss  recognised  -  -  -  -  137  -  1,229  Written-off  -  (150)  -  -  -  -  -  Balance at 31  July 2021  -  -  -  -  828  -  6,136  Written-off  -  -  -  -  (828)  -  (96)  Balance at 31  July 2022  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,040  Gross carrying  amount  At 31 July 2021  -  -  75  -  828  381  6,136  At 31 July 2022  2  -  173  35  -  55  6,040  Net carrying  amount  At 31 July 2021  -  -  75  -  -  381  -  At 31 July 2022  2  -  173  35  -  55  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note (i)     For trade receivables, the Group uses the practical expedient under SFRS(I) 9 in the form of an allowance matrix to measure the ECL, where the loss allowance is equal to lifetime ECL.

Apart from amounts due from subsidiaries, the Company assessed the impairment loss allowance of these amounts on a 12-month ECL basis consequent to their assessment and conclusion that these receivables are of low credit risk. In its assessment of the credit risk of the other receivables. The Group considered  amongst  other  factors,  included  but  not  limited  to  using  12-month  ECL,  the  Company determined that the ECL is insignificant.

## 26. Financial instruments and financial risks (Continued)

## (b) Market risks

The Group does not have significant foreign currency transaction and interest-bearing financial assets and liabilities. Thus, the Group is not expose to market risks.

## (c) Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting  financial  obligations  due to  shortage  of  funds.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  liquidity  risk  arises  primarily  from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Group's and the Company's objective is to maintain sufficient level of cash and short-term deposits to meet its working capital requirements.

The  Group  monitors  and  maintains  a  level  of  cash  and  cash  equivalents  deemed  adequate  by  the management to finance the operations of the Group and to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

Short-term  funding  may  be  obtained  from  short-term  loans  where  necessary  without  incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Group's reputation.

In both financial years, all financial liabilities of the Group and the Company are payable on demand or within one year.

## Financial instruments by category

The carrying amount of the different categories of financial instruments is as disclosed on the face of the statements of financial position and as follows:

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Financial assets at amortised  cost  Trade and other receivables  270  121  138  425  Less: Prepayments (Note 18)  (95)  (46)  (48)  (44)  175  75  90  381  Cash and cash equivalents  2,872  4,454  2,662  4,350  Total  3,047  4,529  2,752  4,731  Financial liabilities at amortised  cost  Trade and other payables  702  1,001  482  1,090  Lease liabilities  53  -  -  -  Total  755  1,001  482  1,090   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## noteS to The Financial Statements

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

## 27. Fair value of assets and liabilities

The fair values of applicable assets and liabilities, are determined and categorised using a fair value hierarchy as follows:

- (a) Level 1 - the fair values of assets and liabilities with standard terms and conditions and which trade in active  markets that the Group can access at the measurement date are determined with reference to quoted market prices (unadjusted).
- (b) Level  2  -  in  the  absence  of  quoted  market  prices,  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  are determined using the other observable, either directly or indirectly,  inputs  such  as  quoted  prices  for similar assets/liabilities in active markets or included within Level 1, quoted prices for identical or similar assets/liabilities in non-active markets.
- (c) Level 3 - in the absence of quoted market prices included within Level 1 and observable inputs included within Level 2, the fair values of the remaining assets and liabilities are determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models.

The following table presents the level of fair value hierarchy for each class of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on the statements of financial position at the end of the reporting period:

| Company  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  2022  Recurring fair value measurements  Financial assets  Financial assets at FVTPL - Convertible loan  receivable  -  -  144  144   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Except as disclosed in respective notes, the carrying amount of trade and other receivables and payables, cash and cash equivalents, approximate their respective fair values due to the relative short-term maturity of these financial instruments.

## Level 3

## Convertible loan receivable classified as financial assets at FVTPL

The convertible loan receivable was valued and estimated at the present value of the expected future cash flows derived from an equivalent financial instrument.

Summary of the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the level 3 fair value measurements.

| Description  Fair value at  31 July 2022  Valuation  technique(s)  Significant  unobservable  inputs  Range of  unobservable  input  Relationship of  unobservable  inputs to fair value  $'000  Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss:  Convertible loan  receivable  144  Discounted Cash  Flow  Discount rate  11.27%  An increase will  result in a decrease  in fair value   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Capital management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximise shareholders' value. In order to maintain or achieve an optimal capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares,  buy  back  issued  shares,  obtain  new  borrowings  or  sell  assets  to  reduce borrowings. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes during the financial year ended 31 July 2022.

Summary of the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in the level 3 fair value measurements.

Management monitors capital based on a gearing ratio. The gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings less cash and bank balances. Total capital is calculated as total equity as shown in the statement of financial position, plus net debt.

| Group  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  Trade and other payables (Note 22)  702  1,001  Lease liabilities  53  -  Less: Cash and cash equivalents (Note 19)  (2,872)  (4,454)  Net debt  (2,117)  (3,453)  Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company  2,480  3,582  Capital and net debt  363  129  Gearing ratio  N.M  N.M   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

N.M.- Not meaningful

The Group and the Company are not subjected to any externally imposed capital requirements during the financial years ended 31 July 2022 and 2021.

## 29. Contingent liabilities

As at the end of the financial year, the Company had given undertakings to certain subsidiaries for providing them with continued financial support. The financial support enables these subsidiaries to operate as going concerns and to meet their obligations as and when they fall due for at least 12 months from the financial year end.

## 30. Development of COVID-19 outbreak and its corresponding impact on the Group

COVID-19 outbreak has brought about an unprecedented challenge for many entities, with increased uncertainty in the global economy. As the situation is still evolving, the full effect of the outbreak is still uncertain and the Group is therefore unable to provide a quantitative estimate of the potential impact of this outbreak on the Group. The Group continues to monitor and evaluate any possible impact on the Group's business and will consider implementation of various measures to mitigate the effects arising from the COVID-19 situation. Based on management's latest assessment, there is no indicator that the going concern assumption used by the Group in preparing the financial statement is inappropriate.

for the financial year ended 31 July 2022

<!-- image -->

as at 14 october 2022

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 14 OCTOBER 2022

Issued and fully paid-up capital

- S$72,127,500.30

Number of issued shares

- 2,060,340,492

Class of Shares

- Ordinary shares of equal voting right

Number of treasury shares

- Nil

Number or subsidiary holdings

- Nil

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  -  99  419  11.91  16,563  0.00  100  -  1,000  980  27.86  448,761  0.02  1,001  -  10,000  989  28.11  3,865,350  0.19  10,001  -  1,000,000  926  26.32  198,564,861  9.64  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  204  5.80  1,857,444,957  90.15  TOTAL  3,518  100.00  2,060,340,492  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF SHARES  %  1  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  407,187,108  19.76  2  UOB KAY HIAN PRIVATE LIMITED  143,977,497  6.99  3  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  95,944,369  4.66  4  LEE EE @ LEE ENG  79,990,700  3.88  5  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE. LTD.  78,925,200  3.83  6  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  76,119,274  3.69  7  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  75,719,588  3.68  8  FRANZ ELIOE NARCIS  57,000,000  2.77  9  LOW POH KUAN  37,906,500  1.84  10  LONG SA KOW  35,439,600  1.72  11  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE.) LIMITED  28,587,862  1.39  12  ZHOU KEKE  24,014,001  1.17  13  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  22,310,448  1.08  14  KHOO MENG KOON EDWIN  20,000,008  0.97  15  WONG HAN YEW  20,000,001  0.97  16  TAN ENG CHUA EDWIN  19,300,100  0.94  17  TAN LYE SENG  15,995,300  0.78  18  GOH GUAN SIONG (WU YUANXIANG)  15,247,200  0.74  19  IRENE NG AI CHEN  14,502,000  0.70  20  HO SHIEN FOON  14,161,501  0.69  TOTAL  1,282,328,257  62.25   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 14 OCTOBER 2022 (As recorded in the Register of Substantial Shareholders)

| Direct Interests  Deemed Interests  No.  Name  No. of shares  held  %  No. of  shares held  %  1.  I Concept Global Growth Fund (a)(c)  367,310,614  17.83  -  -  2.  Michael Marcus Liew (a)(b)  -  -  367,310,614  17.83  3.  Capital Square Co., Ltd. (d)  -  -  105,680,730  5.13  4.  Naoki Watanabe (d)  -  -  105,680,730  5.13   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (a) I  Concept Global Growth Fund (' I-Concept ') is made up of two non-participating voting shares of par value US$1.00 in the capital  of  I-Concept  (' Management Shares ')  and  4,999,800  participating  non-voting  shares  of  par  value  US$0.01  in  the capital of I Concept (' Participating Shares '). The two Management Shares are held by Mr. Michael Marcus Liew. Accordingly, Mr. Michael Marcus Liew is deemed to be interest in the 367,310,614 shares held through I-Concept.
- (b) Following confirmation from company secretary of I Concept on 19 October 2022 that the two Management Shares are successfully  transferred  to  a  Mr.  Pong  Sin  Tee  Eugene,  I  Concept  is  no  longer  held  by  Mr.  Michael  Marcus  Liew  and accordingly Mr. Pong Sin Tee Eugene is a substantial shareholder of the Company.
- (c) I-Concept holds its shares through DBS Nominees (Private) Limited.
- (d) Capital  Square Co., Ltd. (' Capital Square ')  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  shares  held  through  UOB  Kay  Hian  Private Limited. Mr. Naoki Watanabe holds 100% shareholdings in Capital Square and accordingly, he is deemed interested in the shares held by Capital Square through UOB Kay Hian Private Limited.

## PERCENTAGE OF SHAREHOLDING IN PUBLIC'S HANDS

77.03% of the Company's issued paid up capital is held in the hands of the public. Accordingly, the Company has complied with Rule 723 of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST.

<!-- image -->

## StatiStiCS of Warrantholdings

as at 14 october 2022

## DISTRIBUTION OF WARRANTHOLDERS

| SIZE OF WARRANTHOLDINGS  NO. OF  WARRANTHOLDERS  %  NO. OF  WARRANTS  %  1  -  99  4  0.86  60  0.00  100  -  1,000  22  4.74  13,610  0.00  1,001  -  10,000  33  7.11  189,480  0.04  10,001  -  1,000,000  352  75.86  87,394,193  16.97  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  53  11.43  427,487,714  82.99  TOTAL  464  100.00  515,085,057  100.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST WARRANTHOLDERS

| NO.  NAME  NO. OF  WARRANTS  %  1  DBS NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  186,002,364  36.11  2  LEE EE @ LEE ENG  26,429,200  5.13  3  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  24,763,500  4.81  4  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  20,701,750  4.02  5  FRANZ ELIOE NARCIS  20,000,000  3.88  6  WONG HAN YEW  10,000,000  1.94  7  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LIMITED  8,158,950  1.58  8  LIM SING TAT  8,000,000  1.55  9  GOH GUAN SIONG (WU YUANXIANG)  7,500,000  1.46  10  WONG WALTER  6,099,750  1.18  11  HO POH LOON  5,800,000  1.13  12  TAN SOK HWA  5,050,500  0.98  13  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE. LTD.  5,049,750  0.98  14  NEO CHIN LEONG  5,005,500  0.97  15  CHUA LIAN CHYE  5,000,000  0.97  16  KHOO MENG KOON EDWIN  5,000,000  0.97  17  ROMIEN CHANDRASEGARAN  5,000,000  0.97  18  ZHOU KEKE  4,753,500  0.92  19  TAN KIAN LYE  4,000,000  0.78  20  MAYBANK SECURITIES PTE. LTD.  3,773,350  0.73  TOTAL  366,088,114  71.06   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## notiCe of

## Annual General Meeting

NOTICE IS  HEREBY  GIVEN that  the  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  of  LifeBrandz  Ltd.  (the  ' Company '  and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') will be convened at Raffles Marina, 10 Tuas West Drive, Singapore 638404 on Friday, 25 November 2022 at 10:00 a.m. for the following purposes:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial Statements of the Company and the Group for the financial year ended 31 July 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon. (Resolution 1)
2. To approve Directors' fees of S$90,000 for the financial year ended 31 July 2022. (2021: S$80,207)
3. (Resolution 2)
3. To  re-elect  the  following  Directors  who  are  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  107  of  the  Constitution  of  the Company:

## Regulation 107

Ms. Wang Xiaolan Ms. Ang Puak Huen

[See Explanatory Note (i)]

4. To re-appoint Messrs Mazars LLP , as auditor of the Company and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix its remuneration. (Resolution 5)
5. To transact any other ordinary business which may be properly transacted at an AGM.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution (with or without amendments):

6. Authority to allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (' Companies Act ') and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') (' Catalist Rules '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- (a) (i) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company (' Shares ') whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make or grant offers, agreements or options (collectively, ' Instruments ')  that  might  or  would require  Shares  to  be  issued,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  creation  and  issue  of  (as  well  as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into Shares,

at  any  time  and  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  and  for  such  purposes  and  to  such  persons  as  the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

- (b) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

(Resolution 3)

(Resolution 4)

## notiCe of Annual General Meeting

provided that:

- (1) the aggregate number of Shares (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed 100% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the aggregate number of Shares (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued other than on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject  to  such  calculation  as  may  be  prescribed  by  the  SGX-ST)  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of issued Shares shall be based on the number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of convertible securities;
4. (b) new Shares arising from exercising share options or vesting of share awards, provided that such share awards or share options (as the case may be) were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares.

Adjustments in accordance with sub-paragraph (2)(a) or sub-paragraph (2)(b) above are only to be made in respect of new Shares arising from convertible securities, share options or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution;

- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST), all applicable legal requirements under the Companies Act and the Constitution of the Company for the time being in force; and
- (4) unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a  general  meeting,  such  authority  conferred  by  this Resolution shall continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

(Resolution 6)

## 7. Authority to allot and issue Shares under the LifeBrandz Employee Share Option Scheme 2021

That  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act,  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  authorised  and empowered to offer and grant options under the LifeBrandz Employee Share Option Scheme 2021 (' ESOS 2021 ')  and  to  allot  and  issue  from  time  to  time  such  number  of  Shares  as  may  be  required  to  be  issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted by the Company under the ESOS 2021, whether granted during the subsistence of this authority or otherwise, provided always that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the ESOS 2021, the PSP 2021 (as defined below) and such other share-based incentive scheme collectively shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time and that such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Notes (iii)]

(Resolution 7)

## notiCe of Annual General Meeting

## 8. Authority to allot and issue Shares under the LifeBrandz Performance Share Plan 2021

That  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act,  the  Directors  of  the  Company  be  authorised  and empowered to offer and grant awards pursuant to the LifeBrandz Performance Share Plan 2021 (' PSP 2021 ') and to allot and issue from time to time such number of Shares as may be required to be issued pursuant to the vesting of awards under the PSP 2021, provided always that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the ESOS 2021, the PSP 2021 and such other share-based incentive scheme collectively shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time and that such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Notes (iv)]

By Order of the Board

Shirley Tan Sey Liy Company Secretary

10 November 2022 Singapore

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Ms. Wang Xiaolan will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the Independent Director, the Chairman of the Nominating Committee, a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. There are no relationships (including family relationships) between Ms. Wang Xiaolan and the other Directors, the Company, its related corporations, its officers or its substantial shareholders, which may affect her independence. The Board considers Ms. Wang Xiaolan to be independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

Ms. Ang Puak Huen will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer of the Company.

Further detailed information on Ms. Wang Xiaolan and Ms. Ang Puak Huen can be found in the sections titled 'Board of Directors',  'Corporate  Governance Report', 'Directors' Statement' and 'Additional Information on Directors Seeking Reelection' of the Annual Report 2022.

- (ii) Resolution 6 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company from the date of this AGM until the date of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue Shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into Shares and to issue Shares pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, 100% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which up to 50% may be issued other than on a pro rata basis to shareholders of the Company.

For determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued, the percentage of issued Shares in the capital of the Company will be calculated based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Resolution is passed after adjusting for new Shares arising from the conversion or  exercise  of  the  Instruments  or  any  convertible  securities,  the  exercise  of  share  options  or  the  vesting  of  share  awards outstanding or subsisting at the time when this Resolution is passed and any subsequent consolidation or subdivision of Shares.

- (iii) Resolution 7 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company from the date of this AGM until the date of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted or to be granted under the ESOS 2021 and such other share-based incentive scheme or share plan up to a number not exceeding in aggregate, 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time.

(Resolution 8)

## notiCe of Annual General Meeting

- (iv) Resolution 8 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of this AGM until the date of the next AGM of the Company, or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue Shares pursuant to the vesting  of  awards  granted  or  to  be  granted  under  the  PSP  2021  and  such  other  share-based  incentive  scheme  or  share plan, up to a number not exceeding in aggregate, 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) from time to time.

## Notes:

- (a) Pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 (as amended from time to time), there will be no despatch of printed copies and this Notice of AGM, Annual Report and proxy form are made available to members via SGXNet at the following URL: https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the following URL: https://www.lifebrandz.com/.
- (b) Pursuant to Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act, a member who is a Relevant Intermediary as defined under Section 181(6) of the Companies Act is entitled to appoint more than 2 proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than one proxy, the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument of proxy.
- (c) Persons who hold Shares through Relevant Intermediaries, including The Central Provident Fund (' CPF ') Investment Scheme (' CPFIS ')  investors  (' CPFIS Investors ')  and  Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS ')  investors  (' SRS Investors '),  may attend and cast his vote(s) at the AGM in person. CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors, who wish to exercise their votes should approach their respective Relevant Intermediaries (which would include CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators) through which they hold such Shares in order to submit their voting instructions at least 7 working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5:00 p.m. on Tuesday, 15 November 2022) in order to allow sufficient time for their respective Relevant Intermediaries to in turn submit a Proxy Form to appoint the proxy(ies) to vote on their behalf by the cut-off date.
- (d) Members, including CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies can attend the AGM in person. To do so, they will need to register in person at the registration counter(s) outside the AGM venue on the date of the AGM. Please bring along your NRIC/passport so as to enable the Company to verify your identity. Shareholders are requested to arrive early to facilitate the registration process and are advised not to attend the AGM if they are feeling unwell.
- (e) Substantial and relevant questions related to the agenda of the AGM may be submitted in advance in the following manner:
- (a) via email to invest@lifebrandz.com; or
- (b) via post to the Company's registered address at 30 Cecil Street, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712,

in either case, by 5:00 p.m. on 17 November 2022 for the purposes of the AGM.

When submitting the questions, please provide the Company with the following details, for verification purpose:

- (i) full name;
- (ii) NRIC/passport/company registration number;
- (iii) current address;
- (iv) contact number; and
- (v) number of Shares held and the manner in which you hold Shares in the Company (e.g. via CDP , CPF or SRS).
- (f) Shareholders are encouraged to submit their questions on or before 17 November 2022, as this will allow the Company sufficient time to address and respond to these questions on or before 21 November 2022, 10.00 a.m. (48 hours prior to the closing date and time for the lodgement of the proxy forms). The responses will be published on (i) the SGX-ST's website; and (ii) the Company's corporate website. Where substantial and relevant questions submitted by shareholders are unable to be addressed prior to the AGM, including any questions received by the Company after 5:00 p.m. on 17 November 2022, the Company will address them during the AGM.
- (g) The Directors will endeavour to address as many substantial and relevant questions as possible during the AGM. However, shareholders should note that there may not be sufficient time available at the AGM to address all questions raised. Please note that individual responses will not be sent to shareholders. The minutes of the AGM will be published on the SGXNet within one month after the date of the AGM.

## notiCe of Annual General Meeting

- (h) Persons who hold Shares of the Company through Relevant Intermediaries, including CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors, can also submit their questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM based on the abovementioned instructions.
- (i) Except for a member who is a Relevant Intermediary, a member of the Company entitled to attend, speak and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint not more than 2 proxies to attend, speak and vote in his stead.
- (j) A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
- (k) A corporation which is a member of the Company may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit  to  act  as  its  representative  at  the  AGM,  in  accordance  with  its  Constitution  and  Section  179  of  the Companies Act.
- (l) The instrument appointing the proxy(ies) must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing the proxy(ies) is executed by a corporation, it must be executed under seal or the hand of its duly authorised officer or attorney. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
- (m) The instrument appointing the proxy(ies), together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed, or notarially certified copy thereof, must be deposited in the following manner:
- (a) via email to invest@lifebrandz.com; or
- (b) via post to the Company's registered address at 30 Cecil Street, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712,

in  either  case not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, i.e. by 10:00 a.m. on Wednesday, 23 November 2022. The completion and return of the proxy form by a Shareholder will not prevent him from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM in place of his proxy should he subsequently wish to do so.

- (n) The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the proxy(ies) if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the proxy(ies) (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy).
- (o) A Depositor's name must appear on the Depository Register maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM in order for the Depositor to be entitled to attend, speak and vote at the AGM.

## Personal Data Privacy:

By (a)  submitting  a  form  appointing  the  proxy(ies)  to  attend,  speak  and  vote  at  the  AGM  and/or  any  adjournment  thereof,  or  (b) submitting any question prior to the AGM in accordance with this notice, a member of the Company consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the following purposes:

- (i) processing and administration by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the appointment the proxy(ies) for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, proxy lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof);
- (ii) processing of the registration for purpose of granting access to members (or their corporate representatives in the case of members which are legal entities) to observe the proceedings of the AGM and providing them with any technical assistance where necessary;
- (iii) addressing relevant and substantial questions from members received before the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant members in relation to such questions; and
- (iv) enabling the Company (or its agents or service providers) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, take-over rules, regulations and/or guidelines by the relevant authorities.

## notiCe of Annual General Meeting

The  member's  personal  data  and  its  proxy(ies)'s  and/or  representative's  personal  data  may  be  disclosed  or  transferred  by  the Company to its subsidiaries, its share registrar and/or other agents or bodies for any of the abovementioned purposes, and retained for such period as may be necessary for the Company's verification and record purposes.

This Notice has been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, SAC Capital Private Limited (the ' Sponsor ').  This  Notice  has  not  been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for  the  contents  of  this  Notice,  including  the  correctness  of  any  of  the  statements  or  opinions  made  or  reports  contained  in  this Notice.

The  contact  person  for  the  Sponsor  is  Ms.  Lee  Khai  Yinn  (Tel:  (65)  6232  3210)  at  1  Robinson  Road,  #21-00  AIA  Tower, Singapore 048542.

<!-- image -->

&amp;

## LIFEBRANDZ LTD.

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No. 200311348E)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

(Please see notes overleaf before completing this Form)

This form of proxy has been made available on SGXNet and may be accessed at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.  A printed copy of this form will NOT be despatched to members.

## IMPORTANT:

1. For CPF Investors (as defined herein) and/or SRS Investors (as defined herein) to buy shares in the capital of LifeBrandz Ltd., this Annual Report is forwarded to them at the request of their CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators and is sent solely FOR INFORMATION ONLY.
2. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by CPF Investors and SRS Investors and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.
3. CPF  Investors  and  SRS  Investors  who  wish  to  attend  the Annual  General  Meeting  as  OBSERVERS  have  to  submit their  requests  through  their  respective    CPF  Agent  Banks and/or SRS Operators so that their CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators may register, in the required format, with the company, LifeBrandz Ltd.

*I/We, (Name), *NRIC/Passport  Company  Registration  Number of (Address) being a member / members of LIFEBRANDZ LTD. (the ' Company '), hereby appoint:

Name

Address and/or (delete as appropriate)

Name

Address or failing *him/her, the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ')  of  the Company as *my/our *proxy/proxies to vote for *me/us on *my/our behalf at the AGM to be held at Raffles Marina, 10 Tuas West Drive, Singapore 638404 on Friday, 25 November 2022, at 10:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof. *I/We direct *my/our *proxy/proxies to vote for or against the resolutions proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof, the *proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at *his/her discretion.

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions  No. of votes  'For'**  No. of votes  'Against'**  No. of votes  'Abstain'**  1  To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial  Statements of the Company and the Group for the financial year ended 31  July 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon.  2  To approve Directors' fees of S$90,000 for the financial year ended 31  July 2022. (2021: S$80,207).  3  To re-elect Ms. Wang Xiaolan who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 107  of the Company's Constitution.  4  To re-elect Ms. Ang Puak Huen who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 107  of the Company's Constitution.  5  To  re-appoint  Messrs  Mazars  LLP ,  as  auditor  of  the  Company  and  to  authorise the Directors of the Company to fix its remuneration.  Special Business  6  To  authorise  Directors  to  allot  and  issue  shares  in  the  capital  of  the  Company.  7  To authorise Directors to allot and issue new shares under the LifeBrandz  Employee Share Option Scheme 2021  8  To  authorise  Directors  to  allot  and  issue  shares  under  the  LifeBrandz  Performance Share Plan 2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Please delete where inapplicable.

**If  you  wish  to  exercise  all  your  votes  'For'  or  'Against'  or  'Abstain',  please  tick  (√)  within  the  box  provided.  Alternatively,  please  indicate  the number of votes as appropriate. If you mark the abstain box for a particular resolution, you are directing your proxy not to vote on that resolution on a poll and your votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.

dated this day of 2022

Signature(s) of Member(s) / Common Seal

Total number of Shares in:

(a)  CDP Register

(b)  Register of Members

No. of Shares

NRIC/Passport Number

NRIC/Passport Number

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

## Notes:

1. Except  for  a  member  who  is  a  Relevant  Intermediary  as  defined  under  Section  181(6)  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore (' Companies Act '),  a  member of the Company entitled to attend, speak and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint not more than 2 proxies to attend, speak and vote in his stead. Such proxy need not be a member of the Company.
2. Pursuant to Section 181(1C) of the Companies Act, a member who is a Relevant Intermediary is entitled to appoint more than 2 proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where such member appoints more than 1 proxy, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the proxy form.
3. Investors  who  hold  shares  through  Relevant  Intermediaries,  including  The  Central  Provident  Fund  (' CPF ')  Investment  Scheme (' CPFIS ')  investors  (' CPFIS Investors ')  and  Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS ')  investors  (' SRS Investors '),  may  attend and cast his vote(s) at the AGM in person. CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors who wish to exercise their votes should approach their respective Relevant Intermediaries, including CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators, to submit their voting instructions at least 7 working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5:00 p.m. on 15 November 2022) in order to allow sufficient time for their respective Relevant Intermediaries to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint proxy(ies) to vote on their behalf by the cut-off date.
4. Members, including CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors, and (where applicable) duly appointed proxies can attend the AGM in person. To do so, they will need to register in person at the registration counter(s) outside the AGM venue on the date of the AGM. Please bring along your NRIC/passport so as to enable the Company to verify your identity. Shareholders are requested to arrive early to facilitate the registration process and are advised not to attend the AGM if they are feeling unwell.
5. Where a member of the Company appoints 2 proxies, he shall specify the proportion of his shareholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each such proxy. If no such proportion or number is specified, the first named proxy may be treated as representing 100% of the shareholding and any second proxy as an alternate to the first named.
6. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation, it must be executed under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or duly authorised officer. Where the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
7. A corporation which is a member of the Company may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with its Constitution and Section 179 of the Companies Act.
8. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, together with the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed, or notarially certified copy thereof, must be deposited in  the  following  manner:
9. (a) via email to invest@lifebrandz.com; or
10. (b) via post to the Company's registered address at 30 Cecil Street, #19-08 Prudential Tower, Singapore 049712,

in either case not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, i.e. by 10:00 a.m. on Wednesday, 23 November 2022. The completion and return of the proxy form by a Shareholder will not prevent him from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM in place of his proxy should he subsequently wish to do so.

9. A member should insert the total number of shares held. If the member has shares entered against his name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), he should insert that number of shares. If the member has shares registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he should insert the number of shares. If the member has shares entered against his name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his name in the Register of Members of the Company, he should insert the aggregate number of shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the shares held by the member of the Company.
10. A Depositor shall not be regarded as a member of the Company entitled to attend the AGM and to speak and vote thereat unless his name appears on the Depository Register 72 hours before the time set for the AGM.
11. A CPFIS Investor or SRS Investor may attend and cast his vote(s) at the AGM in person. CPFIS Investors and SRS Investors who are unable to attend the AGM but would like to vote, may inform their CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to act as their proxy, in which case, the CPFIS Investors and the SRS Investors shall be precluded from attending the AGM. Such CPFIS Investor and SRS Investors shall submit their voting instructions to their CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators at least 7 working days before the AGM (i.e. by 5:00 p.m. on 15 November 2022) in order to allow sufficient time for their respective Relevant Intermediaries to in turn submit a proxy form to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf by the cut-off date.

## General:

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Personal data privacy:

By submitting an instrument appointing a proxy or proxies, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 10 November 2022.

<!-- image -->

30 Cecil Street #19-08 Prudential Tower Singapore 049712

www.lifebrandz.com