<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| ## Content  Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  4  Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management  8  Corporate Governance Report  12  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  22  Directors' Report  38  Independent Auditor's Report  47  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  53  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  54  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  55  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  56  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  57  Financial Summary  102   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lee Kim Ming  (Chairman) Mr. Chan Siu Hung  (Chief Executive Officer)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Chong Kam Fung Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit Committee

Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick  (Chairman)

Mr. Chong Kam Fung Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

## Remuneration Committee

Mr. Chong Kam Fung  (Chairman) Mr. Lee Kim Ming Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

## Nomination Committee

Mr. Lee Kim Ming  (Chairman) Mr. Chong Kam Fung Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Ng Hoi Ying

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Lee Kim Ming

Ms. Ng Hoi Ying

## AUDITOR

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited Certified Public Accountant 31/F, Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park PO Box 1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Units 1702-03, Stelux House 698 Prince Edward Road East San Po Kong Kowloon Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAWS

CFN Lawyers in association with Broad and Bright

Room Nos. 4101-04, 41/F Sun Hung Kai Centre 30 Harbour Road Wan Chai, Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited Windward 3, Regatta Office Park PO Box 1350 Grand Cayman KY1-1108 Cayman Islands

## BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG

Tricor Investor Services Limited

Level 54 Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKS

Dah Sing Bank, Limited Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.lingyui.com.hk

## STOCK CODE

784

Dear Shareholders,

It is my great honor to present the annual report for the year ended 31 March 2022 of Ling Yui Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively the ' Group '). On behalf of the board (the ' Board ') of directors of the Company (the ' Directors '), I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to all shareholders and stakeholders who support the Group's direction and planning especially in this tough year under the COVID-19 pandemic. We shall continue to ride on the right cogitation, keep abreast of the momentum in town and uplift our efficiency in the forefront to maximise the return to our shareholders.

## OVERVIEW

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recorded a total revenue of approximately HK$344.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 42.9% as compared to approximately HK$241.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. Such increase was mainly due to recovery of economic environment for construction industry, construction works was restarted and resumed to normal, such as those projects in Kai Tak. Also some of the contracts that we have been awarded last year have been performed smoothly. Therefore, the revenue of the Group increased significantly.

## PROSPECT

In the past year, it was an unprecedentedly challenging year during which the COVID-19 pandemic across the world has dampened the economic situation. The Board considers pricing competition to be unavoidable alongside with the slow approval progress of infrastructure projects by the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and the outbreak of the COVID-19 which would indirectly squeeze the tender prices in the private foundation sector in which the Group mainly engages its business. With the leadership of our professional team and the dedication of our united employees, we believe the Group can overcome the difficulties and continue to thrive.

The widening of client base in the public foundation sector tends to be a potential business opportunity in the next financial year. Despite the woes that have been spurred by the prevailing keen competition, the Group has established a project team to target prominent clients who generally have fruitful construction projects in hand. With the Group's well-performed foundation business experience, the Group remains optimistic on attaining satisfactory achievement in this business sector.

The Board believes that the listing of the shares of the Company (the ' Listing ') on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') has enhanced the Group's image in relevant business sectors. Coupled with the Group's positive and energetic business strategy in the upcoming year, it is expected that greater value could be generated and contributed to its shareholders and investors.

I  would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt appreciation to my fellow Board members, management team, staff members, suppliers, subcontractors, business partners and, most importantly, our shareholders and customers for their continuous support to the Group.

## Lee Kim Ming

Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 27 June 2022

## Chairman's Statement

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group is a Hong Kong-based main contractor principally provides foundation works including excavation and lateral support works, pile cap works and pile construction, site formation works and other ancillary services such as road and drainage works for foundation projects in the private sector.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recorded revenue of approximately HK$344.3 million as compared to revenue of HK$241.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The Directors are of the view that the increase in revenue was due to recovery of economic downturn in Hong Kong brought upon by the COVID-19 pandemic and the Hong Kong SAR Government (the ' Hong Kong Government ') vigorously promotes infrastructure development.

## OUTLOOK

The Directors are of the view that the general outlook of the industry and the business environment in which the Group operates will remain challenging. The outbreak of the COVID-19 throughout the year has created economic uncertainty to Hong Kong and imposed adverse impacts on the construction industry, including supply chain disruptions, workforce shortages due to illness and preventive or compulsory quarantines, and work stoppages due to anti-epidemic measures imposed by the Hong Kong Government. Looking ahead, the Group will adhere to prudent financial management in project selection and cost control. The Group will continue to obtain additional qualifications and strengthen its financial resources to position itself to tender for suitable projects in the private sector as a main contractor, and invest in manpower and information system to enhance its operational capacity and efficiency.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Directors believe that there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in the operations, some of which are beyond the Group's control. The Directors believe the more significant risks relating to the business are as follows:

- -A significant portion of the Group's revenue was generated from contracts which were not recurrent in nature and were awarded by a few customers, and any decrease in the number of projects with the Group's major customers would adversely affect the Group's operations and financial results;
- -As the Group from time to time engages subcontractors to perform certain works, the Group may bear responsibilities for any non-performance, delayed performance, sub-standard performance or non-compliance of the Group's subcontractors; and
- -The Group determines the price of our quotation based on the estimated time and costs to be involved in a project and the actual time and costs incurred may deviate from our estimate due to unexpected circumstances.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Directors are aware, the Group has complied in material respects with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group. During the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Board has overall responsibility for the Group's environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') strategy and reporting. The Board is responsible for the Group's ESG risk management and internal control systems to ensure that the ESG strategies and reporting requirements are met.

The details of ESG performance of the Group are set out in the ESG report on pages 22 to 37 of this annual report.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS, SUBCONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group maintains good relationship with its employees and certain policies have been implemented to ensure that its employees are provided with competitive remuneration, good welfare benefits and continuous professional training. The Group also maintains good relationships with its customers, suppliers and subcontractors, without whom success in the Group's production and operation would be at risk.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

The Group's revenue increased by approximately 42.9% from approximately HK$241.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 to approximately HK$344.3 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. Such increase was mainly due to recovery of economic environment for construction industry, construction works was restarted and resumed to normal, such as those projects in Kai Tak. Also some of the contracts that we have been awarded last year have been performed smoothly. Therefore, the revenue of the Group increased significantly.

## Direct Costs

The Group's direct costs for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$319.5 million, representing an increase of approximately 44.0% from approximately HK$222.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. Such increase was in line with the increase in revenue for the same period.

## Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The Group's gross profit for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately HK$24.8 million, as compared with approximately HK$19.0 million for the year ended 31 March 2021. The Group's gross profit margin for the year ended 31 March 2022 was approximately 7.2% representing a decrease of approximately 0.7 percentage points as compared to approximately 7.9% for the year ended 31 March 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to (i) the construction contract awarded during COVID-19 has lower profit margin, and maintain our sustainability and cover overhead cost, we are willing to tender the project with lower price; and (ii) there was a loss incurred in Ko Chiu Road Project  as we incurred additional staff cost to complete the complex works.

## Other income

Other income mainly comprised of government grants, bank interest income, income from sale of waste material, machine rental income and other sundry income. Other income decreased from approximately HK$9.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2021 to approximately HK$2.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2022. Such decrease was primarily resulted from non-recurring payment of the Hong Kong Government grants received by the Group under the 'Anti-epidemic Fund' and the 'Employment Support Scheme' due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 of approximately HK$4.8 million in last year.

## Administrative Expenses

The Group's administrative expenses for the year ended 31 March 2022 were approximately HK$21.4 million, representing a decrease of approximately 13.0% from approximately HK$24.6 million for the year ended 31 March 2021, primarily as a result of decrease in staff cost because no bonus was paid to the staff as resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic.

## Profit (Loss) and Total Comprehensive Income (Expense) attributable to Owners of the Company for the year

As a result of the foregoing, for the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately HK$2.2 million as compared to a net loss of approximately HK$0.6 million for the same period in 2021.

## CAPITAL STRUCTURE, LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

There has been no change in the capital structure of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022. The capital of the Group only comprises of ordinary shares.

The Group finances its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through cash generated from operations, bank borrowings and equity contribution from shareholders.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$10.1 million (2021: approximately HK$10.7 million).

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's total equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately HK$106.8 million (2021: approximately HK$104.6 million). As of the same date, the Group's total debt, amounted to approximately HK$114.2 million (2021: approximately HK$103.2 million).

## BORROWINGS AND GEARING RATIO

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had borrowings of approximately HK$24.4 million which was denominated in Hong Kong dollars (2021: approximately HK$40.4 million). The Group's bank borrowings were primarily used in financing the working capital requirement of its operations.

As at 31 March 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group, calculated as the total debt divided by the total equity, was approximately 106.9% (2021: approximately 98.7%).

## SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES AND PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no significant investment, material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies by the Company during the year ended 31 March 2022. There is no other plan or material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2022.

## CHARGE ON GROUP'S ASSETS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group pledged its machineries and construction equipment with an aggregate net book value of approximately HK$14.3 million (31 March 2021: approximately HK$29.0 million) and motor vehicles with an aggregate net book value of approximately HK$0.6 million (31 March 2021: approximately HK$0.7 million) to the banks and a financial institution to secure the short-term bank loans and other general banking facilities granted to the Group.

As at 31 March 2022, payment for life insurance policy of approximately HK$3.9 million was pledged to a bank to secure the banking facilities granted to the Group (2021: approximately HK$3.9 million).

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

All of the revenue-generating operations and borrowings of the Group were denominated in Hong Kong dollars which is the presentation currency of the Group. As such, the Directors are of the view that the Group did not have significant exposure to foreign exchange risk. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging policy.

## TREASURY POLICIES

The Directors will continue to follow a prudent policy in managing the Group's cash balances and maintain a strong and healthy liquidity to ensure that the Group is well placed to take advantage of future growth opportunities.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's material contingent liabilities was set out in note 27 of the consolidated financial statements.

## COMMITMENTS

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had no material capital commitments in respect of acquisition of property and equipment (2021: Nil).

The Group is the lessee in respect of office premises, quarters and warehouses under operating leases. The Group had no operating lease commitments due to the adoption of HKFRS 16 Leases.

## SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group principally operates in one business segment, namely the provision of foundation engineering services.

## INFORMATION ON EMPLOYEES

As at 31 March 2022, the Group had 172 full-time employees working in Hong Kong (2021: 119). Employees are remunerated based on their qualifications, position and performance. The remuneration offered to employees generally includes salaries, allowances and discretionary bonus. Various types of trainings were provided to the employees. The total staff cost (including Director's emoluments and mandatory provident funds contributions) for the year ended 31 March 2022 amounted to approximately HK$66.2 million (2021: approximately HK63.2 million).

## DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Board is not aware of any significant events since 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Lee Kim Ming ('Mr. Lee') , aged 67, the founder of the Group, was appointed to the Board on 24 January 2017 and designated as an executive Director on 25 May 2017. Mr. Lee is the Company's chairman (the ' Chairman ') and the controlling shareholder. He is also the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company (the ' Nomination Committee ') and a member of the remuneration committee of the Company (the ' Remuneration Committee ').  Mr. Lee is responsible for the overall strategic management and development of the Group's business operations.

Mr. Lee has over 44 years of experience in the ELS and foundation-related industry. Mr. Lee began his career as a trainee machinery controller at Kai Ming Engineering Company from 1974 to 1975 and later joined Yat Lee Engineering Company as a machinery controller in 1976. Prior to establishing the Group, in 1977, Mr. Lee started the business of foundation works as a sole proprietorship under the business name of Ming Lee Engineering Company where he continued to gather and extend his knowledge and expertise in foundation industry by participating in different construction projects as a subcontractor focusing on ELS works. Mr. Lee later founded the Group by establishing Ming Lee Engineering Company Limited (' Ming Lee Engineering ') and Ming Lee Foundation Company Limited (' Ming Lee Foundation ') in 2000 and 2007 respectively. Mr. Lee has been a director of Ming Lee Engineering since November 2000 and a director of Ming Lee Foundation since August 2007. Mr. Lee is a director of all subsidiaries of the Group.

Mr. Chan Siu Hung ('Mr. Chan') ,  aged 48, was appointed as an executive Director on 25 May 2017. Mr. Chan is also the chief executive officer of the Company (the ' Chief Executive Officer ').  Mr. Chan is responsible for the day-to-day management and operation of the Group and is responsible for overseeing and monitoring the projects and operations.

Mr. Chan received his Bachelor of Engineering degree in Civil &amp; Infrastructure from Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in 2015 and is currently the Honorary President of the Hong Kong Society of Registered Safety Auditors and Review Officers. Mr. Chan has over 24 years of extensive experience in the foundation industry. Mr. Chan joined Freyssinet Hong Kong Limited in 1994 as a technician apprentice of the geotechnical division and held last position as an assistant engineer II in 1997. He later served Ping On Foundation (Construction) Limited as a site agent from 2009 to 2012. Prior to joining the Group in 2014, Mr. Chan was a project manager of W.M. Construction Limited from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Chan joined the Group in 2014 and has been a director of Ming Lee Foundation since August 2015 and Ming Lee Engineering since January 2018, respectively.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Chong Kam Fung ('Mr. Chong') ,  aged 42, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 4 December 2017. He is also a member of each of the audit committee of the Company (the ' Audit Committee '),  the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Mr. Chong is responsible for providing independent judgement and advising on the issues of strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct of the Group.

Mr. Chong obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in December 2006. Mr. Chong has been a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since April 2008 and October 2012, respectively.

From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Chong worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers in Hong Kong with his last position held as senior manager. Mr. Chong has been the company secretary of Ahsay Backup Software Development Company Limited (stock code: 8290) since March 2015. From 2016 to 2018, Mr. Chong was a non-executive director of Hao Bai International (Cayman) Limited (stock code: 8431). In addition, Mr. Chong was an independent non-executive director of Basetrophy Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 8460) from 2017 to 2021.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (Continued)

Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick ('Mr. Ho') ,  aged 58, was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 4 December 2017. Mr. Ho is responsible for providing independent judgement on the issues of strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct of the Company. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Mr. Ho obtained a professional diploma in accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic in November 1987 and a master degree in finance from the City University of Hong Kong in December 1996. Mr. Ho is an associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since February 1991 and October 1995, respectively.

Mr. Ho worked in PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1987 to 1991 and Gold Peak Industries (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 40) from 1992 to 2000 with his last position as financial controller and Chen Hsong Holdings Limited (stock code: 57) from 2002 to 2005 as financial controller. Mr. Ho was an independent non-executive director of Tesson Holdings Limited (stock code: 1201) from 2014 to 2016 and Amber Hill Financial Holdings Limited (formerly named Asia Investment Finance Group Limited) (stock code: 33) from 2015 to 2018 respectively. Mr. Ho has been appointed as an independent non-executive director of A &amp; S Group (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 1737) and Realord Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1196) since March 2018 and March 2022, respectively.

Mr. Shi Wai Lim William ('Mr. Shi') , aged 44, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 4 December 2017. Mr. Shi is responsible for providing independent judgement on the issues of strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct of the Company. He is a member of each of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee.

Over the years, Mr. Shi has also obtained various professional qualifications and memberships including the following:

| Professional qualification  Year of admission  Registered Safety Auditor of Labour Department  2001  Registered Safety Officer of Labour Department  2002  Member of Association of Building Engineers of the United Kingdom  2007  Member of The Society of Professional Engineers of the United Kingdom  2007  Associate Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors of the United Kingdom  2010  Accredited Safety Auditor for the independent Safety Audit Scheme  2013  Committee Member of DW Certification Limited (an accredited certification body under  The Hong Kong Certification Body Accreditation Scheme)  2013  Chartered Building Engineer  2014  Fellow member of the Chartered Association of Building Engineers of the United Kingdom  2014   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management (Continued)

Mr. Shi has more than 24 years of experience in the construction industry. He is currently a director of Unibright Construction Company Limited, a company primarily engaged in the provision of construction consultancy services. Mr. Shi was an executive director of GoldFinance Holdings Limited (stock code: 1462, which was delisted from the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with effect from 16 March 2021) from November 2020 to March 2021.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Ling Chi Fai ('Mr. Ling') , aged 59, is currently the general manager of the Group. Mr. Ling was previously a project manager of the Group. Mr. Ling is primarily responsible for daily monitoring and supervision of the operations of construction sites. He is also in charge of the tendering procedure of the Group.

Mr. Ling has approximately 42 years of experience in the construction industry. He began his career as a construction manager in 1980 and worked at Hang Fai Engineering Company from 1980 to 1997. In 1997, Mr. Ling joined Ming Lee Engineering Company as a project manager where he was responsible for the arrangement of construction site. Mr. Ling joined the Group in 2000 and has accumulated extensive experience in the operations of the foundation industry from working on various projects involving sheet piling, site formation, and ELS works.

Mr. Tsang Kwok Ping ('Mr. Tsang') ,  aged 50, is currently a construction manager of the Group. Mr. Tsang was previously a site foreman of the Group and was subsequently promoted to the position of site agent in 2015 and to his current position as construction manager in 2017. Mr. Tsang is primarily responsible for daily monitoring and supervision of the operations of construction sites.

Mr. Tsang has approximately 32 years of experience in the construction industry. He began his career as a machinery operator in 1989 and worked at Hang Fai Engineering Company from 1989 to 1997. In 1997, Mr. Tsang joined Ming Lee Engineering Company as a machinery operator where he was responsible for the arrangement of machinery and operators. Mr. Tsang joined the Group in 2000 and has accumulated extensive experience in the operations of the foundation industry from working on various projects involving sheet piling, site formation and ELS works.

Mr. Wong Kam Ki ('Mr. Wong') , aged 50, is a construction manager of the Group. Mr. Wong joined the Group as a site foreman in 2013 and was promoted to site agent of the Group in 2014 and to construction manager of the Group in 2017. Mr. Wong is primarily responsible for daily monitoring and supervision of the operations of construction sites.

Mr. Wong joined the Chevalier Group from 1990 as assistant leveller and was the assistant surveyor of the Chevalier Group when he left in 2001. Mr. Wong was then employed as assistant foremen from 2002 to 2007 at Chun Wo Construction &amp; Engineering Co., Ltd. In September 2007, Mr. Wong joined China Metallurgical Group Corporation as foreman. Immediately prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wong held the position of general foreman at Lermond Engineering Limited from 2008 to 2013. As general foreman, Mr. Wong was responsible for arranging, coordination and supervision of different site construction activities to ensure the works meet required standards and are being carried out in compliance with the relevant safety and environmental requirements. Mr. Wong obtained the course for qualifying site supervisors as technically competent persons equivalent certificate (1) in 2002, where he completed various modules on site safety supervision, construction safety and construction supervision offered by the Construction Industry Training Authority. Furthermore, Mr. Wong satisfactorily completed the Construction Safety Supervisor Course offered by the Construction Industry Training Authority in 2003.

Mr. Wong Chi Wai ('Mr. Karl Wong') ,  aged 36, is the chief financial officer of the Group. Mr. Karl Wong joined the Group as an accountant in 2016 and designated as financial controller on 22 August 2016 and promoted to chief financial officer on 1 January 2018. Mr. Karl Wong is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group's financial operations, compliance matters and strategic management.

In February 2010, Mr. Karl Wong graduated from Curtin University of Technology with a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Accounting. Mr. Karl Wong has around 10 years of experience in accounting, auditing and financial management.

Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Karl Wong had worked for HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited from 2011 to 2015 and his last position was senior accountant when he was promoted in 2013. He had also worked for Coface Greater China Services Limited as a management accountant from 2015 to 2016, where Mr. Karl Wong prepared and reviewed the financial and management reports for the Asia Pacific region.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Ng Hoi Ying ('Ms. Ng') ,  aged 35, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company (the ' Company Secretary ') on 1 March 2019. She obtained a degree of Bachelor of Business Administration in Accountancy from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2008. She is currently a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Ms. Ng has over 13 years of experience in auditing, accounting and financial reporting. She worked as a senior auditor of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Subsequently Ms. Ng worked as senior accountant in Asia Maritime Pacific (Hong Kong) Limited, a private company engaged in fleet operation of both owned and chartered-in Handy-size and mini-MPP vessels, which operate internationally in China, West Africa, Australia, South America and intra-Asia. She was the finance manager of Ngai Shun Construction &amp; Drilling Company Limited which is a piling contractor for both private and public works in Hong Kong. Its holding company (Boill Healthcare Holdings Limited, formerly known as Ngai Shun Holdings Limited) has been listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 1246) in October 2013. Ms. Ng is currently a company secretarial manager at Blooming (HK) Business Limited, a company primarily engaged in corporate advisory and company secretarial services and company secretary of seven companies listed on the Stock Exchange.

## Corporate Governance Report

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The Company and the Board are devoted to achieve and maintain high standards of corporate governance, as the Board believes that good and effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to obtain and maintain the trust of the shareholders of the Company and other stakeholders, and are essential for encouraging accountability and transparency so as to safeguard interest and sustain the success of the Group and to create long-term value for the shareholders of the Company.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the ' CG Code ') contained in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the ' Listing Rules '). The Company has fully complied with the CG Code during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the ' Model Code ') set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific enquiry, all Directors have fully complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code and there was no event of non-compliance during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES

The Board takes the responsibility to oversee all major matters of the Company, including but not limited to formulating and approving the overall strategies and business performance of the Company, monitoring the financial performance and internal control as well as overseeing the risk management system of the Company and monitoring the performance of senior executives. The Board is also responsible for performing the corporate governance duties including the development and reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance.

Liability insurance for Directors and senior management officers of the Company was maintained by the Company with coverage for any legal liabilities which may arise in the course of performing their duties.

## DELEGATION BY THE BOARD

Daily operation and managing of the business of the Group, inter alia, the implementation of strategies are delegated to the executive Directors along with other senior executives to which they report periodically to the Board their work and business decisions.

## Board Composition

The composition of the Board as at the date of this annual report is set out as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lee Kim Ming  (Chairman) Mr. Chan Siu Hung  (Chief Executive Officer)

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Chong Kam Fung Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management' on pages 8 to 11 of this annual report.

## DELEGATION BY THE BOARD (Continued)

## Board Composition (Continued)

The proportion of independent non-executive Directors is higher than what is required by Rule 3.10(1) and (2), and 3.10A of the Listing Rules whereby independent non-executive Directors of a listed issuer represent at least one-third of the Board. The three independent non-executive Directors represent more than one-third of the Board and at least one of whom has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related financial management expertise. With the various experience of both the executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors and the nature of the Group's business, the Board considered that the Directors have a balance of skills and experience for the business of the Group.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role in the Board as they bring an impartial view on the Company's strategies, performance and control, as well as ensuring that the interests of all shareholders are taken into account. All independent non-executive Directors possess appropriate academic, professional qualifications or related financial management experience. None of the independent non-executive Directors held any other offices in the Company or any of its subsidiaries or is interested in any shares of the Company.

The Company has received from each independent non-executive Director an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company considers such Directors to be independent in accordance with the criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service contract with the Company and the Company signed letters of appointment with each of the independent non-executive Directors. The service contracts with each of the executive Directors and the letter of appointment with each of the independent non-executive Directors have been renewed and for a term of three years commencing from 27 December 2020. The service contracts and letters of appointment are subject to termination in accordance with their respective terms. The service contracts may be renewed in accordance with the articles of association and the applicable Listing Rules.

According to article 108 of the Company's articles of association, one-third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation at every annual general meeting of the Company, provided that every Director shall retire from office by rotation and are subject to re-election at annual general meeting at least once every three years. Articles 111 and 112 of the Company's articles of association provide that any Directors who are appointed to fill casual vacancies shall hold office only until the next following general meeting after their appointment, and are subject to re-election by shareholders of the Company.

Mr. Lee and Mr. Chong will retire from office as Directors at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 26 August 2022. Mr. Lee and Mr. Chong, both being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election.

At the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, separate ordinary resolutions will be put forward to the shareholders of the Company in relation to the proposed re-election of Mr. Lee as an executive Director and Mr. Chong as an independent nonexecutive Director.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separated and not be performed by the same individual to avoid power being concentrated in any one individual. Mr. Lee was the Chairman and Mr. Chan was the Chief Executive Officer throughout the year.

## DIRECTORS' TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

In compliance with the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors shall participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors attended a formal directors training session conducted by CFN Lawyers during the year ended 31 March 2022. The training covered topics including the Listing Rules, the CG Code and the disclosure of inside information. The Group has also been provided reading materials including the CG Code, the Inside Information Provision (as defined under the Listing Rules) under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) to all Directors to develop and refresh the Director's knowledge and skills.

The Group continuously provides updates to the Directors on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements, so as to ensure that each of the Directors is aware of his responsibilities and obligations as well as to maintain good corporate governance practices.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three Board committees, namely, the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Audit Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company's affairs. All Board committees have been established with defined written terms of reference, which are posted on the Stock Exchange's website at www.hkexnews.hk and the Company's website at www.lingyui.com.hk. All the Board committees should report to the Board on their decisions or recommendations made.

The practices, procedures and arrangements in conducting meetings of Board committees follow in line with, so far as practicable, those of the Board meetings set out above.

All Board committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstance, at the Company's expense.

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties set out in the CG Code which included developing and reviewing the Company's policies and practices on corporate governance, training and continuous professional development of Directors, and reviewing the Company's compliance with the code provision in the CG Code and disclosures in this annual report.

## Remuneration Committee

The chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Chong, an independent non-executive Director, and other members include Mr. Lee, the Chairman and an executive Director, Mr. Ho and Mr. Shi, each an independent non-executive Director. The written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange's website and the Company's website.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (Continued)

## Remuneration Committee (Continued)

The Remuneration Committee has been charged with the responsibility of making recommendations to the Board on the appropriated policy and structures for all aspects of Directors' and senior management's remuneration. The Remuneration Committee considers factors such as salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors, employment conditions elsewhere in the Group and desirability of performance-based remuneration. The Remuneration Committee held one meeting to review the remuneration packages and emoluments of Directors and senior management and considered that they are fair and reasonable during the year ended 31 March 2022. No Director nor any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

## Nomination Committee

The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Lee, the Chairman and an executive Director, and other members include Mr. Chong, Mr. Ho and Mr. Shi, each an independent non-executive Director. The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange's website and on the Company's website.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review and assess the composition of the Board and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and makes recommendations to the Board on appointment of new Directors. In recommending candidates for appointment to the Board, the Nomination Committee considers candidates on merit against objective criteria and with due regards to the benefits of diversity on the Board.

Pursuant to the board diversity policy (the ' Board Diversity Policy ') of the Company, a number of perspectives are taken into account when designing the composition of the Board including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, industry experience, technical and professional skills and/or qualifications, knowledge, length of services and time to be devoted as a director. The Company will also take into account factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate decision is based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Nomination Committee held one meeting to review and recommend the re-election of Directors.

## Audit Committee

The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Ho, an independent non-executive Director, and other members include Mr. Chong and Mr. Shi, each an independent non-executive Director. The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are posted on the Stock Exchange's website and on the Company's website.

The Company has complied with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules in that at least one of the members of the Audit Committee (which must comprise a minimum of three members and must be chaired by an independent non-executive Director) is an independent non-executive Director who possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting related financial management expertise.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to review the financial information and reporting process, internal control procedures and risk management system, audit plan and relationship with external auditors and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Audit Committee held four meetings to review and comment on change of auditors of the Company, the Company's 2021 annual results, interim results and audit plans for annual audit 2022 as well as the Company's internal control procedures and risk management system.

The Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2022 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 comply with applicable accounting standards, Listing Rules and that adequate disclosures have been made.

## ATTENDANCE RECORDS OF MEETINGS

The Board meets regularly for considering, reviewing and/or approving matters relating to, among others, the financial and operating performance, as well as, the overall strategies and policies of the Company. Additional meetings are held when significant events or important issues are required to be discussed and resolved. During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Chairman held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.

Details of all Directors' attendance at the Board meeting, Board committees' meeting for the year ended to 31 March 2022 are as follows:

| Board  Meeting  Audit  Committee  Meeting  Remuneration  Committee  Meeting  Nomination  Committee  Meeting  2021  Annual  General  Meeting  Number of Meetings Attended/Held  Executive Directors  Mr. Lee  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Chan  4/4  1/1  Independent non-executive Directors  Mr. Chong  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Ho  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Shi  4/4  4/4  1/1  1/1  1/1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary assists the Board by ensuring the Board policy and procedures are followed. The Company Secretary is also responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters.

The Company has engaged an external service provider, which assigned Ms. Ng as the Company Secretary. Ms. Ng possesses the necessary qualification and experience, and is capable of performing the functions of the Company Secretary. Mr. Lee, the Chairman and executive Director, is the primary contact person who Ms. Ng contacts.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, Ms. Ng undertook no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training to update her skill and knowledge. The biographical details of Ms. Ng is set out in the section headed 'Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management' of this annual report.

## BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY

The Board adopted the Board Diversity Policy on 21 December 2018. The Company aims to set out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board and to recognise and embrace the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance the quality of its performance. A summary of the Board Diversity Policy, together with the measurable objectives set for implementing the Board Diversity Policy, and the progress made towards achieving those objectives are disclosed below.

## Summary of the Board Diversity Policy

With a view to achieving a sustainable and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In designing the Board's composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board.

## Measurable Objectives

Selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. The Board's composition (including gender, ethnicity, age, length of service) will be disclosed in the corporate governance report (the ' Corporate Governance Report ') annually.

## Monitoring and Reporting

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the Corporate Governance Report, on the Board's composition under diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy.

## Review of the Board Diversity Policy

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

## Disclosure of the Board Diversity Policy

A summary of the Board Diversity Policy together with the measurable objectives set for implementing the Board Diversity Policy, and the progress made towards achieving those objectives will be disclosed in the annual Corporate Governance Report.

## NOMINATION POLICY

The Board adopted a nomination policy (the ' Nomination Policy ') on 21 December 2018. A summary of the Nomination Policy, together with the selection criteria set for implementing the Nomination Policy, and the nomination procedure made towards achieving those objectives are disclosed as below.

## Objectives of the Nomination Policy

The Nomination Policy sets out the approach to assist the Nomination Committee in making recommendations to the Board on the appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors. It aims to provide the key selection criteria and principles to the Nomination Committee in making any such recommendations.

## NOMINATION POLICY (Continued)

## Selection Criteria

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

- (a) reputation for integrity;
- (b) accomplishment, experience and reputation in the construction industry and other relevant sectors;
- (c) commitment in respect of sufficient time, interest and attention to the Company's business;
- (d) diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural/educational and professional background, skills, knowledge and experience;
- (e) the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company's success;
- (f) compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent non-executive Director; and
- (g) any other relevant factors as may be determined by the Committee or the Board from time to time.

The appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board shall be made in accordance with the Company's memorandum and articles of association and other applicable rules and regulations.

## Nomination Procedures

The Nomination Committee will recommend to the Board for the appointment of a Director in accordance with the following procedures:

1. The secretary of the Nomination Committee shall convene a meeting, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members (if any), for consideration by the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee may also nominate candidates for its consideration.
2. In the context of appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board, the Nomination Committee shall undertake adequate due diligence in respect of such individual and make recommendations for the Board's consideration and approval.
3. In  the  context of re-appointment of any existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation, for the proposed candidates to stand for re-election at a general meeting.
4. The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at a general meeting.

## NOMINATION POLICY (Continued)

## Review of Nomination Policy

The Nomination Policy has been approved by the Board. Any subsequent amendment of the Nomination Policy shall be reviewed by the Nomination Committee and approved by the Board.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited is appointed as the external auditor of the Company. The fee paid and payable in respect of audit services and non-audit services amounted to approximately HK$880,000 (2021: approximately HK$880,000) and approximately HK$20,000 (2021: approximately HK$20,000) respectively for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHT

As one of the measures to safeguard shareholders' interest and rights is to separate resolutions are proposed at shareholders' meetings on each substantial issue, including the election of individual Directors, for shareholders' consideration and voting. All resolutions put forward at shareholders' meeting will be voted by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the poll voting results will be posted on the Stock Exchange's website and the Company's website after the relevant shareholders' meeting.

Extraordinary general meeting may be convened by the Board on requisition of shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company or by such shareholders who made the requisition (the ' Requisitionists ') (as the case may be) pursuant to article 64 of the articles of association of the Company. Such requisition must state the object of business to be transacted at the meeting and must be signed by the Requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of the Company or the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong. Shareholders should follow the requirements and procedures as set out in such article for convening an extraordinary general meeting. Shareholders may put forward proposals with general meeting of the Company by sending the same to the Company at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong.

Shareholders may send written enquiries or requests in respect of their rights to the Company's principal business address in Hong Kong.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Group maintains an effective internal control and risk management system. It consists, in part, of organisational arrangements with defined lines of responsibility and delegation of authority, and comprehensive systems and control procedures in order to safeguard the investment of the Company's shareholders and the Group's assets at all times.

The Directors acknowledge that they have overall responsibility for overseeing the Company's internal control, financial control and risk management system and shall monitor its effectiveness on an ongoing basis. A review of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems has been conducted by the Board at least annually.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL (Continued)

Aimed at providing reasonable assurance against material errors, losses or fraud, the Company has established a risk management procedures which comprised the following steps:

- Identify risks: Identify major and significant risks that could affect the achievement of goals of the Group;
- Risk assessment: Assess and evaluate the identified risk according to its likely impact and the likelihood of occurrence;
- Risk mitigation: Develop effective control activities to mitigate the risks.

Risk identification and assessment is performed or updated annually, and the results of risk assessment, evaluation and mitigation of each functions or operation are documented in the Risk Registry to communicate to the Board and management for reviews.

The Group's risk management and internal control systems are, however, designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

A review on the internal control systems of the Company, including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions has been carried out by an independent consultancy company with staff in possession of relevant expertise to conduct an independent review.

The Audit Committee reviewed the internal control review report issued by the independent consultancy company and the Company's risk management and internal control systems in respect of the year ended 31 March 2022 and considered that they are effective and adequate. The Board assessed the effectiveness of internal control systems by considering the internal control review report and reviews performed by the Audit Committee and concurred the same.

Under code provision D.2.5 of the CG Code, the Group should have an internal audit function. The Company has no internal audit function because the Company has maintained an internal control system and its implementation has been considered effective by the Audit Committee and the Board. In addition, the Audit Committee has communicated with external auditors of the Company to understand if there is any material control deficiency. Nevertheless, the Company will review the need for one on an annual basis.

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group has in place a policy on disclosure of inside information which sets out the procedures and internal controls for handling and dissemination of inside information.

The policy provides guidelines to the Directors, officers and all relevant employees of the Group to ensure proper safeguards exist to prevent the Company from breaching the statutory disclosure requirements. It also includes appropriate internal control and reporting systems to identify and assess potential inside information.

Key procedures in place include:

- defines the requirements of periodic financial and operational reporting to the Board and Company Secretary to enable them to assess inside information and make timely disclosures, if necessary;
- controls the access to inside information by employees on a need-to-know basis, and safeguarding the confidentiality of the inside information before it is properly disclosed to public; and

## DISCLOSURE OF INSIDE INFORMATION (Continued)

- procedures of communicating with the Group's stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, analysts, etc. in ways which are in compliance with the Listing Rules.

The Group has also established and implemented procedures to handle enquiries from external parties related to the market rumours and other Group's affairs.

To avoid uneven dissemination of inside information, the dissemination of inside information of the Company shall be conducted by publishing the relevant information on the Stock Exchange's website and the Company's website.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company has adopted shareholders communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders and potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company.

The Company has established several channels to communicate with the shareholders as follows:

- (i) corporate communications such as annual reports, interim reports and circulars are issued printed form and are available on the Stock Exchange's website 'www.hkexnews.hk' and the Company's website at 'www.lingyui.com.hk';
- (ii) periodic announcements are made through the Stock Exchange and published on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company;
- (iii) corporate information is made available on the Company's website;
- (iv) annual and extraordinary general meetings provide a forum for the shareholders to make comments and exchange views with the Directors and senior management; and
- (v) the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong serves the shareholders in respect of share registration, dividend payment and related matters.

The Company keeps on promoting investor relations and enhancing communication with the existing shareholders and potential investors. It welcomes suggestions from investors, stakeholders and the public. Enquires to the Board or the Company may be sent by post to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, there was no change to the Company's memorandum and articles of association.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ABOUT THE REPORT

This report is the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' (collectively the ' ESG Report ') published by the Group, which discloses the Group's measures and performance on sustainable development topics in a transparent and open manner, in order to increase stakeholders' confidence and understanding on the Group.

## Reporting Standards

The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide' (the ' ESG Guide ') of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') set out in Appendix 27 of the Listing Rules. The ESG Report provides a simplified overview on the environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') performance of the Group. The information in the ESG Report is derived from the Group's official documents and statistics, as well as the integration and summary of monitoring, management and operational information provided by subsidiaries of the Group.

## Reporting Year

All the information in the ESG Report reflects the performance of the Group in environmental management and social responsibility from 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022 (the ' Reporting Period '). This ESG Report is released annually by the Group for public review so as to improve the transparency and responsibility of information disclosure.

## Reporting Scope

The Group is a Hong Kong-based contractor principally engaged in provision of foundation engineering services.

After the comprehensive completion of data collection system and the Group's deepening in its environmental, social and governance work, the Group has identified certain environmental, social and governance issues (' ESG issues ') relevant to the Group, which have been assessed by considering their materiality and importance to the Group's principal activities, stakeholders as well as the Group. Those identified ESG issues and Key Performance Indicators (' KPIs ') have been disclosed in the ESG Report.

## ESG Governance

The Group has developed its internal strategies and policies with aims to create sustainable values to its stakeholders, thereby to large extent minimising the Group's adverse impact on the environment. In order to carry out the Group's sustainability strategy from top to bottom, the Board has ultimate responsibilities for ensuring the effectiveness of the Group's ESG policies. The Group has established dedicated teams to manage ESG issues within each business division of the Group and kept monitoring and overseeing the progress against corporate goals and targets for addressing climate change. Dedicated teams with designated staff for management of ESG issues has been assigned to enforce and supervise the implementation of the relevant ESG policies cascading through the Group. With the forward-looking guidance and well-designed plans of action to address underlying ESG matters, the management and responsible teams keep reviewing and adjusting the Group's sustainability policies to satisfy the ever-changing needs of its stakeholders on a regular basis. For instance, through the assignment of the responsibility of progress tracking to different management-level positions, the Group is committed to achieving an excellent performance in ESG management while also remaining competitive compared with its peers. Details of the Group's management approaches in both the environmental and social aspects are elaborated in different sections of this ESG report.

## Stakeholder Engagement

The Stock Exchange has set forth four principles for reporting in the ESG Guide: Materiality, Quantitative, Balance and Consistency, which should form the basis for preparing the ESG Report. As the Stock Exchange emphasises, stakeholder engagement is the method by which materiality is assessed. Through stakeholder engagement, companies can understand wide-ranging views and identify material environmental and social issues.

The Group believes that effective feedback from stakeholders not only contributes to comprehensive and impartial evaluation of the Group's environmental, social and governance performance (' ESG performance '), but also enables the Group to improve the ESG performance based on their feedback. Therefore, the Group has engaged in open and regular communication with the stakeholder groups including shareholders and investors, employees, clients, suppliers, sub-contractors and government. Over the years, the Group has continued to fine-tune the sustainability focus, addressing pressing issues. The table below shows how the Group communicate with key stakeholder groups and their respective concerns.

## Stakeholders and engagement methods

| Stakeholders  Interests and concerns  Engagement channels  Shareholders and investors  •  Return on investment and dividends  •  Corporate strategy and governance  •  Risk mitigation and management  •  Annual General Meeting  •  Interim and annual reports, corporate  websites  •  Announcements, notices of meetings,  circulars  Clients  •  Robust project management  •  Full compliance with laws and  regulations  •  Sustainability performance of  operations  •  Interim and annual reports, corporate  websites  •  Regular meetings and communication  Employees  •  Compensation and benefits  •  Occupational health and safety  •  Career development opportunities  •  Corporate culture and well-being  •  Provide leisure activities and increase  cohesion  •  In-house training programmes  •  Performance reviews and appraisals  •  Promote career development and  enhance competence at all levels  Suppliers  •  Long-term partnership  •  Ethical business practices  •  Supplier assessment criteria  •  Procurement processes  •  Audits and assessments  Sub-contractors  •  Effective project management  •  Occupational health and safety  •  Ethical business practices  •  Sub-contractors assessment criteria  •  Annual health, safety and environment  seminars  •  Training sessions  •  Regular progress meetings  •  Audits and assessments  Government  •  Laws and regulation compliance  •  Review latest laws and regulations  regularly   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

•

Inspection

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)

The business of the Group affects different stakeholders, and stakeholders have different expectations on the Group. The Group will maintain communication with stakeholders continuously, collect opinions of stakeholders through different forms and more extensively, and make substantive analysis more comprehensively. At the same time, the Group will enhance the reporting principles of quantification, balance and consistency, in order to define the content of the ESG Report and presentation of the information that is more in line with the expectations of stakeholders.

## Climate Change

Climate change is one of the most complicated challenges faced by mankind's in the new century. Global warming gives rise to more frequent extreme weather conditions including changes in precipitation mode, droughts, floods and bushfires. Rise in sea level will make tens of thousands of people in densely populated coastal areas and island countries homeless. Faced with all sorts of problems, individuals, corporations and governments must take immediate actions to tackle climate change.

Over-emission of greenhouse gases is the main factor in causing global climate change. To achieving a low carbon economy, the Group is committed to reducing its greenhouse gas emissions through the approaches of mitigation and adaptation. For example, the Group has strived to mitigate the risks brought by climate change through the adoption of various environmental policies and measures; and promoting energy saving measures and habits in office.

The Group are focused on reducing emissions in its operations, engaging suppliers to reduce emissions in supply chains, strengthening the resilience of its business and using its voice to advocate for collective action.

The Group has identified the following significant climate related issues which have impacted and/or may impact on our operations:

| Risk  Response  Physical Risk  Acute risk:  Extreme weather such as typhoons and  torrential rains  Weather-related events such as storms,  floods,  fires  or  heatwaves  that  cause  damage to construction site facilities and  operations.  Formulate emergency response plans for  natural disasters;  I dentify  possible  asset  damage  and  purchase necessary insurance.  Transition risks  Policy risks  The energy price may increase due to  energy efficiency requirements.  Use of more energy efficient modes of  machinery and construction processes.  Legal risk  The government may introduce stricter  policies  and  regulations  to  mitigate  climate change, which would increase  our compliance workload or subject us to  litigation or claims.  Closely monitor changes in environmental  laws, regulations and policies, and respond  to them in a timely manner.  Market risk  Failure  to  effectively  meet  consumer  demand for green low-carbon products.  Promote resources saving.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION

## Emissions

## Emissions from the course of operation

Major emissions from construction sites are air pollutants, noise, waste and effluents. The Group manages these emissions and is committed to seeking practical means to reduce their impact to the environment.

To reduce the noise nuisance in the surrounding environment, the Group has implemented equipment which can be effectively silenced, such as low-noise transformers, air receivers and hand-held breakers. Where necessary, the Group applies construction noise permit for every site that passes different testing from Environmental Protection Department (i.e. acceptable noise levels, sound power levels for percussive piling and summation of noise levels). The Group recognises that noise challenges are unique to each project and there is always room to further reduce noise in communities surrounding our sites.

To deal with the effluents from construction sites, the Group has developed a set of procedures which meet the requirements under Water Pollution Control Ordinance and its subsidiary regulations in order to obtain a license granted under the Water Pollution Control Ordinance for each site if necessary. The Group will ensure that discharges arising from the execution of the contract will be minimised and treated to meet the license requirement. The Group aims to minimise various discharges from excavation work and/or bore piling activities to limit the impact to the environment, which includes siltation in drainage pipes which may lead to blockage and eventually flooding risks, visual nuisance and hazard to the aquatic life and increase in turbidity of the receiving water which may adversely affect the ecosystem.

The Group has established procedures to deal with any non-conformity. The principal corrective actions to rectify non-conformance includes (i) relevant personnel shall be notified immediately when any environmental incidents or complaints arise; (ii) the cause of such incidents or complaints shall be investigated and mitigation resources shall be proposed; and (iii) reporting to the management on problems found, causes identified, improvement actions implemented, intended and the actual effects and any necessary follow up actions being untaken.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations.

## Emissions from vehicle usage

During the Group's operation, the usage of private cars, light goods vehicles and medium &amp; heavy goods vehicles generate the emissions of nitrogen oxides 'NOx', sulphur oxides 'SOx' and Particulate Matter 'PM'. The approximate amount of NOx, SOx, and PM produced from the Group's operation in Hong Kong are shown in the table below:

## Air pollutants from vehicle usage

| Types of key air pollutants  2022  2021  NOx emissions (tonnes)  1.927  1.532  SOx emissions (tonnes)  0.001  0.001  PM emissions (tonnes)  0.133  0.108   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The exhaust gas incurred by the Group has increase as the number of staff has increase that lead to increase in usage. The Group will continue to monitor the emission level and strive to maintain the emission at a low level.

In respect of reducing NOx, SOx and PM emissions, the Group is committed to implementing the efficient usage of private cars, light goods vehicles and medium &amp; heavy goods vehicles. The Group has implemented the following measures so as to achieve the environmental friendly approach; i) Avoid peak hour traffic; ii) Encourage the use of public transport and iii) Utilise the vehicle usage by car pooling with different staff.

## Greenhouse gas ('GHG') emissions

During the course of operation of the Group, there are GHG emissions principally resulting from the intensive vehicle usage, electricity consumed and the use of electricity for processing fresh water and sewage water in office and construction sites. The Group manages to minimise the GHG emissions by adopting policies and procedures on reducing air emission mentioned in the section headed 'Emissions'.

## Scope 1 - Direct emissions

During the operations of the Group, due to the intense usage of private cars, light goods vehicles and medium &amp; heavy goods vehicles, a certain amount of GHG is produced.

The Group strictly controls the emissions of GHG through the establishment of a comprehensive data collection system. This system helps the Group to monitor the monthly usage of all vehicles to maintain the efficiency at a prominent level.

## Scope 2 - Energy indirect emissions

Apart from the direct emissions of PM and fumes, the Group's energy indirect emissions of GHG principally resulted from electricity consumed at the Hong Kong's office and construction sites.

## Scope 3 - Other indirect emissions

The Group also incurred other indirect GHG emissions from electricity used for processing fresh water and sewage by government departments.

The summary of GHGs emissions from the Group's operations are shown in the following table:

## Summary of GHG emissions

| Types of GHG  2022  CO2 equivalent  emission  2021  CO2 equivalent  emission  Scope 1 - Direct emissions (tonnes)  191.57  156.08  Scope 2 - Energy indirect emissions (tonnes)  64.01  71.78  Scope 3 - Other indirect emissions (tonnes)  9.45  8.14  Total GHG emissions  265.03  236.00  Intensity of total GHG emission per no. of project (tonnes)  16.56  11.80   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According to the figures above, the intensity of GHG emissions per project in FY2022 has increased when compared with FY2021 which is caused by the increase in overall usage of a scale project. The Group has initiated a target of maintaining GHG emissions in term of intensity in coming 5 years, using this Reporting Year as a baseline.

## Hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste emission

Due to the business nature, the Group's operations do not directly generate any hazardous waste.

For the provision of foundation services, the Group has produced some non-hazardous waste during the operation. The emission figures are as followings:

## Types of non-hazardous waste produced

| Non-hazardous waste produced  2022  2021  Inert construction and demolition ('  C&amp;D  ') waste (tonnes)  18,895  14,747  Non-inert C&amp;D waste (tonnes)  29  14  Total non-hazardous waste  18,924  14,761  Intensity of total non-hazardous waste per no. of project (tonnes)  1,183  738   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

According to the figures above, inert C&amp;D waste produced in FY2022 have increase when comparing with last financial year. The reason is that certain Group scale projects was in peak season during the Reporting Period and therefore incurred higher quantities of inert C&amp;D waste. The Group has initiated a target of maintaining waste level in term of intensity in coming 5 years, using this Reporting Year as a baseline.

The Group will continue to reduce and minimise the generation of C&amp;D waste materials in the execution of the works by implementing measures to reduce, reuse and recycle waste materials on and off site. Significant quantities of excavated materials will be generated from excavation associated with construction. The C&amp;D waste materials would be reused in other projects when necessary. The inert C&amp;D waste will be reused in the backfilling works on site if available.

The rest of the unused inert and non-inert C&amp;D waste materials are disposed through the dump trucks arranged by logistic service provider that is authorised by Environmental Protection Department and delivered to government construction waste disposal facilities. With the use of government authorised service provider, illegal dumping can be prohibited.

The Group is dedicated to proper management of the non-hazardous solid waste. Specific area is assigned for the temporary storage of the inert C&amp;D waste and non-inert C&amp;D waste.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the environmental laws and regulations in respect of both emissions from the course of operation and vehicle usage.

## Use of Resources

The major resources consumed by the Group are water and electricity in office and various project sites in Hong Kong. The Group records and analyzes the monthly consumption rate of water and electricity regularly. After identifying the causes of high rates of water and electricity consumption, the Group will take remedial action to minimise the use of water and electricity.

The total water consumption in cubic metres and intensity are shown in the table below:

| Water Consumption  2022  2021  Total water consumption (cubic metres)  15,141  13,045  Intensity of total water consumption per no. of project (cubic metres)  946  625  Inte  si y of  al w  ter consumpti  er no.  f p  ject (  ubi  m res)  946  625   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As compared to the previous Reporting Period, the water consumption increased in FY2022. The reason was the number of projects in which the site water consumption borne by the Group has increased compared with FY2021.

The Group is determined to continue maximising energy conservation in its office and construction sites by promoting efficient use of power and adopting green technologies. To identify energy saving opportunities, the Group measures and records the energy consumption level from time to time.

The total electricity and non-renewable fuel (' NRF ') including diesel and petrol consumption in kWh are shown in table below:

| Energy Consumption  2022  2021  Total electricity consumption (kWh)  125,513  140,742  NRF consumption (kWh)  766,126  624,867  Total energy consumption  891,639  765,609  Intensity of total energy consumption per no. of projects (kWh)  55,727  38,280   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total consumption has increase from 765,609 kWh to 891,639 kWh. The reason for the variance is that the overall usage of vehicles has increased in FY2022. The Group has initiated a target of maintaining consumption level in term of intensity for both energy and water consumption in coming 5 years, using this Reporting Year as a baseline.

## The Environment and Natural Resources

To develop a green approach in office and project sites, the Group has set up an environmental system management task force as part of its effort to develop an environmental management system that supports sustainable development, and has implemented ISO14001 and ISO9001 certification for environmental management system and quality management system respectively.

By the implementation of ISO14001 and ISO9001, the Group has given careful consideration to minimise all significant impact to the environmental resources. Environmental performance is monitored on a timely basis. The Group has developed the following measures for daily operations so as to minimise the impact brought to the environment and nature resources consumption.

## Implemented practices

- Switch off computers, printers, machines and other electronic devices after office hours or when leaving the workplace to reduce power consumption
- Use of more energy efficient modes of machinery
- Maximise the use of nature light and energy-saving lighting systems
- Apply optimal temperature setting of air-conditioning
- Encourage duplex printing
- Reuse of single-side used paper

As a socially responsible enterprise, protecting nature and the environment has become an integral part of the corporate culture. The Group constantly looks for ways to maximise benefits with minimal resource consumption and environmental impact, and continue to strive for sustainable development.

## PEOPLE

## Employment

The Group reckons that employees are the most valuable assets of an enterprise and also the cornerstone for sustaining corporate development. It is always the Group's initiative to provide a fair and competitive compensation package to attract and retain quality talents, in the form of a basic salary, incentives bonus, mandatory provident fund, and other fringe benefits. Remuneration packages are reviewed periodically. The Group also has a set of comprehensive human resources management policy to support human resources function. The policies include compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, appraisal, training and benefits.

As the Group is principally engaged in construction in Hong Kong, manual work is generally required in most positions. Hence, the ratio of the number of male to female employees is approximately 12.2:1 in 2022 (2021: 23.3:1). However, the Group treats all employees equally. The Group prohibits any form of harassment and discrimination with respect to age, gender, race, nationality, religion, marital status or disability in the workplace. The above measures have helped ensuring that every employee is treated equally and fairly.

A formal induction together with a tour of the workplace is provided to all employees on the first day of employment. The aim is to welcome the new employees and give them a better understanding about the Group. A brief introduction of employee handbook is provided to ensure new employees are aware of relevant policies and code of conduct.

The Group has always strictly observed the relevant legislations in Hong Kong regarding the equal employment opportunities, child labour and forced labour. The Group abides by the employment regulations, relevant policies and guidance of the relevant jurisdictions where it operates, including the 'Employment Ordinance', the 'Employees' Compensation Ordinance', 'Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance' and 'Factories and Industrial Undertakings (Safety Officers and Safety Supervisors) Regulations' and etc. in Hong Kong.

The Group has its internal procedures to record employees' information in order to review employment practices so as to avoid any non-compliance. Furthermore, the Group strictly complies with the internal recruitment process during recruitment to ensure no employment of child labour and forced labour in any form. The Group also strives to establish harmonious labour relationships. The Group protects the rights of staff in terms of providing rest and leave days according to relevant government laws and regulations. Therefore, the percentage of new recruits to total number of employees and ratio of employee turnover to total number of employees are maintained at a low level generally.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with relevant standards, rules and regulations regarding operations and activities, labour practices.

## Employment Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

## Total workforce structure as at 31 March 2022

| Gender  Age  below 30  Age  30-50  Age  over 50  Number of  employees  by gender  Total  number of  employees  2022  Ratio of  number  of male  to female  employees  2021  Ratio of  number  of male  to female  employees  Male  19  65  75  159  172  12.2:1  23.3:1  Female  2  8  3  13  Total  21  73  78  172   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employee turnover rate in the Reporting Period

| 2022  2021  Employee total turnover rate  61.6% 1  32.2%  By age group  Age below 30  47.6% 2  27.3%  Age 30-50  65.8% 2  28.8%  Age over 50  61.5% 2  36.2%  By gender  Male  62.3% 2  30.7%  Female  53.8% 2  66.7%  Inte  si y of  al w  ter consumpti  er no.  f p  ject (  ubi  m res)  946  625   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1:  Employee total turnover rate = Total number of employees leaving employment during the year/Total number of employees as of 31 March 2022*100%.

Note 2:  Employee turnover rate by category = Total number of employees leaving employment during the year by category/Total number of employees as of 31 March 2022 by category*100%.

## Health and Safety

The Group recognises safety and health at work as an integral part of its business performance. The Group has established the Occupational Health and Safety (' OHS ') Manual which is prepared in accordance with OHSAS18001 to manage the health and safety risks of its operations.

The Group strictly requires all employees to comply with the safety policy and guidelines in the Occupational Health and Safety Management System which is included in the employee handbook for on-site construction teams and employees working in offices, both of which clearly specify work flows, all kinds of safety measures and guidance as well as employees' responsibilities for their health and safety at the workplace.

The Group has established a risk assessment program that consists of a number of sequential steps such as risk identification, analysis, evaluation, treatment, monitoring and reviewing based on the existing controls and recommendations to reduce those risks which are not deemed to be under acceptable limits.

Employees receive 'site specific induction training' soon after commencing work in the workplace. Thereafter, they are given refresher talks at intervals of six months depending on the amount of changes to the site condition. The Group also provides tool-box talks, aiming to heighten employee awareness of workplace hazards and Occupational Safety and Health Regulations.

Daily operations are inspected by relevant department assigned by the Group, against the established risk assessment program that consists of a number of sequential steps such as risk identification, analysis, evaluation, treatment, monitoring and reviewing based on the existing controls and recommendations to reduce those risks which are not deemed to be under acceptable limits. Any noncompliance will also be identified and rectified on a timely basis.

In order to deal with the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group has implemented several measures including but not limited to requiring staff to conduct body temperature check and submit daily health declaration. Also, workers were provided with rapid test kid for early identification in order to prevent the spread of virus.

Thus, it is a proof of guaranteeing the establishment of a healthy, safe and stable working environment effectively.

Every case of injury (if any) is required to be reported to the Group and be assessed individually under the internal guideline procedures set. Subsequently, the Group follows the procedures in accordance with the Employees' Compensation Ordinance. The Group is pleased to report that the rate of accidents and injuries during the Reporting Period was extremely low with zero fatal accident (2021: Nil).

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the health and safety laws and regulations.

## Health and Safety Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

| 2022  2021  2020  Number of work injuries  2  Nil  2  Rate of work injury (per hundred employees)  1.16  Nil  1.3  Number of loss days due to work injuries  206  Nil  N/A 3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 3:  The Group had not developed any mechanism for collecting theses information in FY2020.

## Development and Trainings

The Group recognises the importance of skilled and professionally trained employees to its business growth and future success. Therefore, the Group encourages them to participate in job-related training and courses. During the Reporting Period, the Group formulates quality management and environment management training programs to update the staff with the most updated standard of ISO9001 and ISO14001, in order to maintain the highest standard of professionalism by the employees. These two programs include quality assurance training in operation process, inspection assurance of materials received from suppliers, health and safety precautions in using production equipment and machinery as well as customer relationship management.

In daily operation, the Group provides induction training for new employees and experienced employees act as mentors to guide new comers. The Group believes such arrangement can be the best practice to facilitate communication and team spirit, also improve technical skills and managerial capability and encourage the learning and further development of employees at all levels.

The Group will continue to intensify its efforts to promote staff training programs which the Group believes that by means of offering comprehensive training opportunities, it could help providing the necessary protection for talent reserves for corporate development. The Group annually evaluates the training needs of its employees to ensure that employees are offered with suitable and appropriate training according to their job nature and position. A breakdown of the Group's training statistics is presented in the below table:

## Training and Development Key Performance Indicators (Employee)

| Trained staff  Senior  managerial  level 4  Managerial  level 4  General  staff  4  Percentage  of  employees  receiving  training by  gender 4  2022  Overall  percentage  of  employees  receiving  training 5  2021  Overall  percentage  of  employees  receiving  training  Male  3%  16%  72%  91%  55%  52%  Female  -  2%  7%  9%  Overall  3%  18%  79%  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 4:  Percentage of employees trained in relevant categories = Number of employees in the category who took park in training/Total number of employees who took part in training during the Reporting Period x 100.

Note 5:  Percentage of employees trained = Total number of employees who took part in training/Total number of employees during the Reporting Period x 100.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)

| Average training hours  Senior  managerial  level 6  Managerial  level 6  General  staff  6  Average  training  hours by  gender 6  2022  Overall  average  training  hours 7  2021  Overall  average  training  hours  Male  3.0 hours  1.7 hours  1.6 hours  1.6 hours  1.7 hours  2.2 hours  Female  -  1.1 hours  2.5 hours  2.0 hours  Overall  3.0 hours  1.7 hours  1.6 hours  1.7 hours   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 6:  Overall average training hour= Total number of training hours of the category/Total number of employees under the category during the Reporting Period.

Note 7:  Average training hours per employee= Total number of training hours/Total number of employees during the Reporting Period.

## Labour Standards

The Group always respects and strictly complies with all applicable national laws and local regulations as well as relevant labour laws and regulations in the place where it operates, including the Policy of Employment of Children under the Employment Ordinance in Hong Kong. The Group has also developed rigorous and systematic measures for approval and selection, to prevent the Group from illegally hiring child labour and ensure that the employment is in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.

The Group arranges the employees' working hours based on the statutory working hour standards and allows them to entitle paid leaves and sick leaves in accordance with labour laws.

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with the labour requirements set out in relevant laws and regulations.

## Supply Chain Management

The Group implements supplier management in accordance with internal guidance which governs the engagement of suppliers/subcontractors. Suppliers/sub-contractors are chosen subjecting to screening and evaluation procedures among the suppliers/subcontractors, based on the quality and price. Also, to ensure suppliers'/sub-contractors' capability in quality assurance, safety and environmental responsibility, field visit and investigation is conducted, which includes a comprehensive quality management system and are accredited with ISO9001 and ISO14001 standards. The investigation reviews the production capacity, technology level, quality assurance capabilities, supply capacity, safety and environment management qualifications if needed. Only the highly qualified suppliers/sub-contractors complied with regulatory requirements are eligible for the suppliers/sub-contractors selection by the Group. The Group also carries out regular assessment on suppliers'/sub-contractors' overall capabilities, assets position, nature of business, reputation in the industry, quality of products, goods delivery and compliance with law and regulations.

As customers are becoming more concerned about environmental issues, and stress the importance of using environmentally friendly materials. The Group will continue to act as a corporate citizen in communicating and stressing those environmental issues to the suppliers and sub-contractors. The Group aims at strengthening the cooperation with suppliers, coordinating with them in product trials, and work with them to produce socially responsible products.

Each sub-contractors and suppliers are reviewed at least once every year or after completion of their contracts. In cases of major non-performance of approved sub-contractor or supplier, the Group will review their suitability to remain on the selection list. The suppliers' data by region is presented in table below:

## Number of critical suppliers cooperated with the Group during the Reporting Period

| Region  2022  2021  Hong Kong  32  32   |
|-----------------------------------------|

## Protection of Intellectual Property Right And Consumer Privacy

The Group recognises the importance of the protection over intellectual property right and consumer privacy. Proper licences for software and information are obtained by the Group to use in its business operation.

Meanwhile, the Group handles all information provided by clients, employees and business partner in accordance with non-disclosure agreement, Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and related laws and regulations to ensure those information is under proper protection.

## Product Responsibility

The Group is committed to providing high-quality services and guarantees that the quality of our projects is in line with quality standards and sustainability requirements. The Group also pursues to meet higher criteria all the time. The Group has always been focusing on quality control in project construction since its incorporation. In respect of human resources, the Group has a team of project managers with rich experience in undertaking various pile work construction projects. In respect of systems, the Group owns a quality management system in accordance with the ISO9001, ISO14001 and OHSAS18001 standard, which establishes the procedure to manage the non-conformity detected during construction process. When non-conforming work is identified, the Group will review the situation and stop these below standard works from continuing or re-occurring. If the defect is likely to recur, the Group will require remedial action by the sub-contractor and shall more closely supervise this work whenever practicable. The Group also carries out trainings and established a management system covering various aspects including management of quality of construction staff, quality control on raw material, site management and quality management system, so as to ensure the timely and efficient completion of the projects.

During the Reporting Period, due to the business nature of the Group, there were no recalls concerning the provision and use of products for safety and health reasons within the Group. Besides, there were no substantiated complaints received relating to the provision and use of products and services that have a significant impact on the Group's operations.

## Anti-corruption

The Group is committed to maintaining the integrity of its corporate culture. Staff members are not allowed to solicit or accept any advantages. The Group sets out the relevant policies in the employee handbook and guides the employees to abide by the code of conduct. The code of conduct provides a clear definition of the provision and acceptance of interests, such as gifts and souvenirs, and ways to deal with conflicts of interest.

Directors and employees are required to make a declaration to the management through the reporting channels when actual or potential conflict of interest arises. Employees cannot receive any gifts from any external parties (i.e. customers, suppliers, contractors, etc.) unless approval is obtained from the management.

The Group has whistle-blowing procedures in effect, encouraging the employees to report directly to the line manager or designated officers in relation to any misconduct and dishonest behavior, such as bribery, fraud and other offences. Furthermore, the Group has specified in the employees handbook that the Group is entitled to terminate the employment contract with any employee who is bribed with money, gifts or commission, etc., and reserve the right to take further legal actions against such person.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report (Continued)

During the Reporting Period, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations regarding anti-corruption and moneylaundering and had no concluded legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or its employees.

## Community Investment

The Group devotes to the community in order to show the love and care for people in need and encourages the employees to participate in in-house or external community activities. During the Reporting Period, the outbreak of the COVID-19 has placed an exponentially greater burden on vulnerable groups as many of them cannot shoulder the expenses on purchasing face masks. The Group has sponsored an online concert event which aimed to assist low-income families. The Group also continued to working with organisations such as Sha Tin District Community Fund and The Hong Kong Registered Contractors Association to distribute to those in need.

The Group will continue to explore other means to contribute more to the environment and strive to facilitate the building of a healthy and sustainable society.

Environmental performance indicators have been summarised in the following tables.

## Environmental performance indicators

| Aspect A1: Emissions  Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  HKEx ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Emissions  Total NOx emissions (tonnes)  1.927  1.532  KPI A1.1  Total SOx emissions (tonnes)  0.001  0.001  KPI A1.1  Total PM emissions (tonnes)  0.133  0.108  KPI A1.1  Total GHGs emissions - scope 1 (tonnes)  191.57  156.08  KPI A1.2  Total GHGs emissions - scope 2 (tonnes)  64.01  71.78  KPI A1.2  Total GHGs emissions - scope 3 (tonnes)  9.45  8.14  KPI A1.2  Total GHGs emissions  265.03  236.00  KPI A1.2  Intensity of total GHG emissions per no. of  project (tonnes)  16.56  11.80  KPI A1.2  Non-hazardous  waste  Inert C&amp;D waste (tonnes)  18,895  14,747  KPI A1.4  Non-inert C&amp;D waste (tonnes)  29  14  KPI A1.4  Total non-hazardous waste (tonnes)  18,924  14,761  KPI A1.4  Intensity of total non-hazardous waste per no. of  project (tonnes)  1,183  738  KPI A1.4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Aspect A2: Use of resources  Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  HKEx ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Energy consumption  Total electricity consumption (kWh)  125,513  140,742  KPI A2.1  Total NRF consumption (kWh)  766,126  624,867  KPI A2.1  Total energy consumption (kWh)  891,639  765,609  KPI A2.1  Intensity of total energy consumption per no. of  project (kWh)  55,727  38,280  KPI A2.1  Water consumption  Total water consumption (cubic metres)  15,141  13,045  KPI A2.2  Intensity of total water consumption per no. of  project (cubic metres)  946  625  KPI A2.2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Social performance indicators

| Aspect B1: Employees  Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  HKEx ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  Number of  employees  Gender of employee  KPI B1.1  - Male  159  140  - Female  13  6  Age  KPI B1.1  - Below 30 years old  21  11  - Between 30 to 50 years old  73  66  - Over 50 years old  78  69  Employee  turnover rate  Gender  KPI B1.2  - Male (%)  62.3  30.7  - Female (%)  53.8  66.7  Age  KPI B1.2  - Below 30 years old (%)  47.6  27.3  - Between 30 to 50 years old (%)  65.8  28.8  - Over 50 years old (%)  61.5  36.2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B2: Health and safety

Performance indicator

Number of work injuries

Rate of work injury (per hundred employees)

Number of loss days due to work injuries

## Aspect B3: Development and training

| Performance indicator  2022 Data  2021 Data  HKEx ESG  Reporting  Guide KPI  The percentage of  employees trained  Gender  KPI B3.1  - Male (%)  91  99  - Female (%)  9  1  Employee category  KPI B3.1  - General staff (%)  79  78  - Managerial level (%)  18  19  - Senior managerial level (%)  3  3  Overall (%)  55  52  KPI B3.1  Average training  hours completed  per employee  Gender  KPI B3.2  - Male (hours)  1.6  2.3  - Female (hours)  2.0  0.3  Employee category  KPI B3.2  - General staff (hours)  1.6  2.4  - Managerial level (hours)  1.7  4.1  - Senior managerial level (hours)  3.0  8.0  Overall  1.7  2.2  KPI B3.2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

Performance indicator

Number of critical suppliers

Hong Kong

2022 Data

2

1.16

206

2021 Data

Nil

Nil

Nil

2022 Data

32

2020 Data

2

1.3

N/A

2021 Data

32

HKEx ESG

Reporting

Guide KPI

KPI B2.1

KPI B2.1

KPI B2.1

HKEx ESG

Reporting

Guide KPI

KPI B5.1

## Directors' Report

The Board presents the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company was incorporated and registered as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands. The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The Group is principally engaged in provision of foundation engineering services in Hong Kong. Details of the principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group's principal activities during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Board adopted a dividend policy (the ' Dividend Policy ') on 21 December 2018. According to the Dividend Policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the Company to participate in the Company's profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for the Group's future growth.

The Board shall consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

- the Company's actual and expected financial performance;
- retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;
- the Group's working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;
- the Group's liquidity position;
- general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group's business and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and
- other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Cayman Islands and the Company's Bye-laws. The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will be paid in any particular amount for any given period.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 and the state of affairs of the Company and of the Group at that date are set out in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income on pages 53 to 101 of this annual report. The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2022.

## CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The forthcoming annual general meeting is scheduled to be held on 26 August 2022 (the ' AGM '). For determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 23 August 2022 to 26 August 2022, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong (which will be relocated to 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong with effect from 15 August 2022), for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 22 August 2022.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The review of the business of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 and the discussion on the Group's future business development are set out in the sections headed 'Chairman's Statement' and 'Management Discussion and Analysis' in this annual report, and the description of principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and key financial performance indicators are set out in the section headed, 'Management Discussion and Analysis' in this annual report. The financial risk management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements. Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, there was no important event affecting the Group that has occurred since the end of the financial year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 102. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group.

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property and equipment of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DONATION

The Group did not make any charitable donations during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the Company's share capital is set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company's share option scheme (the ' Share Option Scheme ') was conditionally adopted on 4 December 2017. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are in accordance with Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and other relevant rules and regulations. A summary of the particulars of the Share Option Scheme as required under Rule 17.09 of the Listing Rules are set out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

For the year ended 31 March 2022, no share option was granted, exercised, expired or lapsed and there was no outstanding share option under the Share Option Scheme.

## RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements and in the consolidated statement of changes in equity respectively.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company's memorandum and articles of association or the laws of Cayman Islands which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to existing shareholders.

## CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of the significant related party transactions entered into by the Group during the year ended 31 March 2022 are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of these related party transactions constitutes connected transactions that need to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 March 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution to owners amounted to approximately HK$85.9 million (2021: approximately HK$88.9 million).

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND SUBCONTRACTORS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the percentage of the Group's aggregate turnover attributable to the Group's largest customer was approximately 60.1%, while the percentage of the Group's total turnover attributable to the five largest customers in aggregate was approximately 94.7%.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the percentage of the Group's largest supplier accounted for approximately 10.6% of the total direct costs for the period, while the percentage of the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for approximately 17.3% of the total direct costs.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the percentage of the Group's largest subcontractor accounted for approximately 14.6% of the total direct costs for the period, while the percentage of the Group's five largest subcontractors accounted for approximately 37.4% of the total direct costs.

None of the Directors or any of their close associates or shareholders (which, to the best knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) has any beneficial interest in the Group's five largest customers or suppliers.

## DIRECTORS

The Board members during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report were as follows:

## Executive Directors

Mr. Lee Kim Ming  (Chairman) Mr. Chan Siu Hung  (Chief Executive Officer)

## Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. Chong Kam Fung Mr. Ho Chun Chung Patrick Mr. Shi Wai Lim William

In accordance with the Company's memorandum and articles of association, at each annual general meeting one third of the Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Such retiring Directors may, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the annual general meeting. All Directors appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting of Shareholders after their appointment and be subject to re-election at such meeting and all Directors appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting and shall then be eligible for re-election.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Every Directors shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is acquitted.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service contract with the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had entered into any contract of significance with the controlling shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company (the ' Controlling Shareholders ')  or  their subsidiaries, or any contract of significance for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries by the Controlling Shareholders or their subsidiaries.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 8 to 11 of this annual report.

## EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

The remuneration of the senior management of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2022 falls within the following band:

| Remuneration Band  Number of senior management  Nil to HK$1,000,000  2  HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EMOLUMENT POLICY

The Company's remuneration policy comprises of primarily a fixed component (in the form of a base salary) and a variable component (which includes discretionary bonus and other merit payments), taking into account other factors such as their experience, level of responsibility, individual performance, the profit performance of the Group and general market conditions.

The Remuneration Committee will meet at least once each year to discuss remuneration related matters (including the remuneration of Directors and senior management) and review the remuneration policy of the Group. It has been decided that Remuneration Committee would determine, with delegated responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS

Details of retirement benefits plans of the Group as at 31 March 2022 are set out in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SIGNIFICANT CONTRACTS

Save as the related party transaction disclosed in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements, no Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company did not enter into or had any management and administration contracts in respect of the whole or any principal business of the Company.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed 'Directors' and chief executives' interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares and debentures' below, at no time during the year were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in the Company granted to any Director or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, or the Company's subsidiary or holding company or a subsidiary of the Company's holding company a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 March 2022, the following Directors or chief executive of the Company had or was deemed to have interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the ' SFO ')) (i) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules:

## Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

| Name  Capacity/Nature  Number of shares  held/interested  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Mr. Lee  (Note 1)  Interest of controlled corporation  462,910,000  57.86%  Mr. Chan (Note 2)  Interest of controlled corporation  57,090,000  7.14%  Mr. Ling (Note 3)  Interest of controlled corporation  70,000,000  8.75%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Mr. Lee legally and beneficially owns the entire issued share capital of Simple Joy Investments Limited (' Simple Joy '). Therefore, Mr. Lee is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all the shares held by Simple Joy for the purpose of the SFO. Mr. Lee is the sole director of Simple Joy.

(2) Mr. Chan legally and beneficially owns the entire issued share capital of Simply Marvel Limited (' Simply Marvel '). Therefore, Mr. Chan is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all the shares held by Simply Marvel for the purpose of the SFO. Mr. Chan is the sole director of Simply Marvel.

(3) Mr. Ling legally and beneficially owns the entire issued share capital of Reach Goal Development Limited (' Reach Goal '). Therefore, Mr. Ling is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all the shares held by Reach Goal for the purpose of the SFO. Mr. Ling is the sole director of Reach Goal.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, none of the Directors and chief executives of the Company had registered any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which he was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

So far as is known to the Directors, as at 31 March 2022, the following persons/entities (not being Directors or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or shorts positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which were required to be recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

| Name  Capacity/Nature  Number of shares  held/interested  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Simple Joy  Beneficial owner  462,910,000  57.86%  Ms. Yeung Yuen Man  (Note 1)  Interest of spouse  462,910,000  57.86%  Simply Marvel  Beneficial owner  57,090,000  7.14%  Ms. Fu Jingyan  (Note 2)  Interest of spouse  57,090,000  7.14%  Reach Goal  Beneficial owner  70,000,000  8.75%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) Ms. Yeung Yuen Man (' Ms. Yeung ') is the spouse of Mr. Lee. Under the SFO, Ms. Yeung is deemed to be interested in the same number of shares in which Mr. Lee is interested.

(2) Ms. Fu Jingyan (' Ms. Fu ') is the spouse of Mr. Chan. Under the SFO, Ms. Fu is deemed to be interested in the same number of shares in which Mr. Chan is interested.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2022, none of the substantial or significant shareholders or other persons, other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company whose interests are set out in the section 'Directors' and chief executives' interests and short positions in shares, underlying shares and debentures' above, had any interest or a short position in the share or underlying shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities during the year ended 31 March 2022.

## COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended 31 March 2022, none of the Directors or the Controlling Shareholders and their respective associates had any interests in a business, apart from the business of the Group, which competes or may compete with the business of the Group or has any other conflict of interest with the Group which would be required to be disclosed under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

## Non-Competition Undertakings

In order to avoid any possible future competition between the Group and the Controlling Shareholders, Mr. Lee and Simple Joy (each a ' Covenantor ' and collectively the ' Covenantors ') have entered into the Deed of Non-competition with the Company (for itself and for the benefit of each other member of the Group) on 4 December 2017. Pursuant to the Deed of Non-competition, each of the Covenantors has irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to the Company (for itself and as trustee for its subsidiaries) that, during the period that the Deed of Non-competition remains effective, he/it shall not, and shall procure that his/its associates (other than any member of the Group) not to develop, acquire, invest in, participate in, carry on or be engaged, concerned or interested or otherwise be involved, whether directly or indirectly, in any business in competition with or likely to be in competition with the existing business activity of any member of the Group.

Each of the Covenantors further undertakes that if any of he/it or his/its close associates other than any member of the Group is offered or becomes aware of any business opportunity which may compete with the business of the Group, he/it shall (and he/it shall procure his/its associates to) notify the Group in writing and the Group shall have a right of first refusal to take up such business opportunity. The Group shall, within 6 months after receipt of the written notice (or such longer period if the Group is required to complete any approval procedures as set out under the Listing Rules from time to time), notify the Covenantor(s) whether the Group will exercise the right of first refusal or not.

The Group shall only exercise the right of first refusal upon the approval of all the independent non-executive Directors (who do not have any interest in such opportunity). The relevant Covenantor(s) and the other conflicting Directors (if any) shall abstain from participating in and voting at and shall not be counted as quorum at all meetings of the Board where there is a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest including but not limited to the relevant meeting of the independent non-executive Directors for considering whether or not to exercise the right of first refusal.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company had not received any information in writing from any of the Controlling Shareholders in respect of any new business opportunity which competed or might compete with the existing and future business of the Group which were offered to or came to be the knowledge of the Controlling Shareholders or their associates (other than any member of the Group), and the Company has received an annual written confirmation from each Controlling Shareholder in respect of him/it and his/its associates in compliance with the Deed of Non-competition. The independent non-executive Directors have also reviewed and were satisfied that each of the Controlling Shareholders had complied with the Deed of Non-competition.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details of the Company's corporate governance practices are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 12 to 21 of this annual report.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has maintained the prescribed minimum public float under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 March 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.

## INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors the annual written confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and the Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR

HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited was appointed as the auditor of the Company on 29 April 2021 to fill the casual vacancy following the resignation of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu on 28 April 2021. Details of the change of auditor were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 29 April 2021.

Save as disclosed above, there was no other changes in auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years.

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2022 have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited . A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited as auditor of the Company.

## ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD

## Ling Yui Holdings Limited

## Lee Kim Ming

Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 27 June 2022

<!-- image -->

## TO THE MEMBERS OF LING YUI HOLDINGS LIMITED

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ling Yui Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the ' Group ') set out on pages 53 to 101, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA ') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (' HKSAs ') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the ' Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

## Independent Auditor's Report

31/F, Gloucester Tower The Landmark 11 Pedder Street Central Hong Kong

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key audit matter

## Revenue and direct costs from foundation engineering services contracts

We identified the recognition of revenue from foundation engineering services contracts as a key audit matter due to the use of estimates by the management of the Group in determining the progress of the foundation engineering services contracts, contract revenue and budget direct costs of incomplete contracts. We also consider the recognition of direct costs from the foundation engineering services contracts as a key audit matter due to its significant amount to the Group's consolidated financial statements.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group generated revenue of approximately HK$344,286,000 and incurred direct costs of approximately HK$319,500,000 from foundation engineering services contracts as disclosed in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

The Group recognised revenue according to the estimation of the management of the Group of the progress of the foundation engineering services contracts. Details are set out in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. The actual outcome of the contracts in terms of its total revenue and direct costs may be higher or lower than the estimates and this will affect the revenue and profit recognised.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our procedures in relation to recognition of revenue and direct costs from foundation engineering services contracts included:

- Understanding process of the management of the Group in estimating the revenue, budget direct costs and determining the completion status of construction activities;
- Checking the total contract value to construction contracts and other relevant correspondences and supporting documents, on a sample basis;
- Evaluating the reasonableness of the budgeted direct costs including (i) agreeing the budgeted direct costs to the underlying subcontracting or supplier/vendor contracts; (ii) comparing the budgeted data with the actual data recorded, taking into account the progress and outcome of the foundation engineering services contracts reached; and (iii) comparing the estimated profit margin with the actual profit margin of other similar projects; and
- Evaluating the reasonableness of direct costs recognised to date by:
- Checking to the Group's internal progress report as well as other supporting documents including the payment certificates issued to the subcontractors/ suppliers/vendors and their correspondences or other documents issued to evaluate the progress of respective projects, on a sample basis; and
- Discussing the status of respective foundation engineering services contracts with project managers of the Group, on a sample basis.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key audit matter

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables and contract assets

We identified impairment assessment on trade receivables and contract assets as a key audit matter due to the involvement of subjective judgement and estimates of the management of the Group in evaluating the expected credit losses (' ECL ')  of the Group's trade receivables and contract assets at the end of the reporting period.

Details are set out in notes 14, 16 and 26 to the consolidated financial statements.

As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables and contract assets individually, after considering internal credit ratings of counterparties, aging, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables and contract assets. The estimated loss rates are estimated taking into consideration past repayment histories and proxy to default rates published by international creditrating agencies and are adjusted for reasonable and supportable forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

As at 31 March 2022, the Group's net trade receivables and contract assets amounted to approximately HK$53,873,000 (net of impairment loss allowance of approximately HK$2,652,000) and approximately HK$101,260,000 (net of impairment loss allowance of approximately HK$2,334,000), respectively.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our procedures in relation to impairment assessment on trade receivables and contract assets included:

- Obtaining an understanding of how the management of the Group estimates the loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets;
- Testing the integrity of information used by management of the Group for the assessment, including aging analysis of trade receivables as at 31 March 2022, on a sample basis, by comparing individual items in the analysis with the relevant invoices;
- Assessing the reasonableness of the basis and judgement of the management of the Group in determining credit loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets as at 31 March 2022; and
- Testing  the  key  data  sources  applied  in  the  ECL computation on a sample basis by checking to the Group's supporting information and external data sources, as applicable.

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor's report is Lo Kin Kei.

## HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited

Certified Public Accountants

## Lo Kin Kei

Practising Certificate Number: P06413

Hong Kong, 27 June 2022

## Consolidated Statement of ProGLYPH&lt;31&gt;t or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  5  344,286  240,989  Direct costs  (319,500)  (221,950)  Gross profit  24,786  19,039  Other income  6  2,642  9,138  Other (losses) gains  6  (245)  126  Impairment loss allowance of trade receivables and contract assets  under expected credit loss model  (1,300)  (1,332)  Administrative expenses  (21,438)  (24,643)  Finance costs  7  (1,368)  (2,217)  Profit before taxation  9  3,077  111  Income tax expense  10  (837)  (661)  Profit (Loss) and total comprehensive income (expense) for the year  2,240  (550)  Earnings (Loss) per share  Basic (HK cents)  12  0.28  (0.07)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  NOTES  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property and equipment  13  46,905  54,055  Deposits and payment for life insurance policy  15  4,238  4,275  51,143  58,330  Current assets  Trade receivables  14  53,873  32,683  Deposits, prepayments and other receivables  15  4,654  3,944  Tax recoverable  -  89  Contract assets  16  101,260  102,109  Bank balances  17  10,133  10,658  169,920  149,483  Current liabilities  Trade payables  18  57,461  37,633  Other payables and accrued charges  19  26,350  19,887  Lease liabilities  20  612  2,245  Contract liabilities  16  2,503  253  Bank borrowings  21  23,792  38,216  Tax payable  6  -  110,724  98,234  Net current assets  59,196  51,249  Total assets less current liabilities  110,339  109,579  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  20  -  612  Bank borrowings  21  593  2,184  Deferred tax liabilities  22  2,914  2,191  3,507  4,987  Net assets  106,832  104,592  Capital and reserves  Share capital  23  8,000  8,000  Reserves  98,832  96,592  Total equity  106,832  104,592   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on page 53 to 101 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 June 2022 and are signed on its behalf by:

| Mr. Lee Kim Ming Director  Mr. Chan Siu Hung Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Attributable to owners of the Company

| Share capital  Share  premium  Other reserve  Accumulated  profits  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note)  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  8,000  123,367  (60,130)  33,905  105,142  Loss and total comprehensive  expense for the year  -  -  -  (550)  (550)  At 31 March 2021  8,000  123,367  (60,130)  33,355  104,592  Profit and total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  2,240  2,240  At 31 March 2022  8,000  123,367  (60,130)  35,595  106,832   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Other reserve represents (i) the difference between the aggregate amount of share capital of Smart Sage Limited (' Smart Sage ') and Southern Sun Investment Limited (' Southern Sun ') issued, and the net asset values of Ming Lee Foundation Company Limited (' Ming Lee Foundation ') and Ming Lee Engineering Company Limited (' Ming Lee Engineering ') in connection with the group reorganisation on 30 March 2017, and (ii) the difference between the aggregate amount of nominal share capital of the Company issued, and the net asset values of Smart Sage and Southern Sun and non-controlling interests to the Group, upon completion of reorganisation on 4 December 2017.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the year ended 31 March 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit before taxation  3,077  111  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property and equipment  12,048  11,388  Loss (gain) on disposal of property and equipment  245  (126)  Interest income  (129)  (134)  Finance costs  1,368  2,217  Impairment loss allowance of trade receivables and contract assets  under expected credit loss model  1,300  1,332  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital  17,909  14,788  (Increase) decrease in trade receivables  (22,081)  17,542  (Increase) decrease in deposits, prepayments and other receivables  (673)  2,946  Decrease in contract assets  440  29,282  Increase (decrease) in trade payables  19,828  (39,353)  Increase (decrease) in other payables and accrued charges  6,778  (4,828)  Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities  2,250  (4,420)  Cash generated from operations  24,451  15,957  Income tax (paid) refund  (19)  2,534  NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  24,432  18,491  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest received  129  134  Purchases of property and equipment  (5,458)  (4,151)  Proceeds from disposals of property and equipment  -  193  NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES  (5,329)  (3,824)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Interest paid  (1,368)  (2,217)  Repayment of bank borrowings  (115,079)  (95,038)  New bank borrowings raised  99,064  94,337  Repayment of lease liabilities  (2,245)  (6,328)  NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (19,628)  (9,246)  NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  (525)  5,421  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR  10,658  5,237  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR  represented by bank balances  10,133  10,658   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1. GENERAL

Ling Yui Holdings Limited (the ' Company ') was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands under the Companies Act of Cayman Islands on 24 January 2017 and its shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') on 28 December 2017. The registered office of the Company is located at Windward 3 , Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business in Hong Kong of the Company is located at Units 1702-03, Stelux House, 698 Prince Edward Road East, San Po Kong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company is Simple Joy Investments Limited, which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (' BVI ') with limited liability and is wholly owned by Mr. Lee Kim Ming (' Mr. Lee ') who is also the executive director of the Company.

The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the ' Group ') are principally engaged in provision of foundation engineering services in Hong Kong.

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (' HK$ '), which is also the functional currency of the Group.

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs')

## Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA ') for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 April 2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

Amendments to HKFRS 16 Amendments to HKFRS 16 Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16

Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions Beyond 30 June 2021

Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the Group's financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 2. APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS ('HKFRSs') (Continued)

## New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

| HKFRS 17 Amendments to HKFRS 3 Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Amendments to HKAS 1 Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments to HKAS 8 Amendments to HKAS 12 Amendments to HKAS 16 Amendments to HKAS 37 Amendments to HKFRSs  Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments 1 Reference to the Conceptual Framework 2 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1 Definition of Accounting Estimates 1 Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction 1 Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use 2 Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 2 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 2   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
- 3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

Except for the amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

## Amendments to HKAS 37 Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

The amendments specify that, when an entity assesses whether a contract is onerous in accordance with HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets , the unavoidable costs under the contract should reflect the least net cost of exiting from the contract, which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it. Costs of fulfilling the contract include incremental costs and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (for example, an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract).

The amendments are applicable to contracts for which the Group has not yet fulfilled all its obligations as at the date of initial application.

The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decision made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 'Sharebased Payment', leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2 'Inventories' or value in use in HKAS 36 'Impairment of Assets'.

In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

- has power over the investee;

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation (Continued)

- is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

Where necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group's accounting policies.

All intra-group assets, liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

- the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group's performance as the Group performs;
- the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
- the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9 'Financial Instruments' (' HKFRS 9 '). In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

## Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

## Input method

The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of the Group's efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation, that best depict the Group's performance in transferring control of goods or services.

## Property and equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of property and equipment less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for a prospective basis.

An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Impairment on property and equipment and right-of-use assets

At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and equipment and right-of-use assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

The recoverable amount of property and equipment and right-of-use assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cashgenerating unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of cashgenerating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognised and measured as provisions. An onerous contract is considered to exist where the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received from the contract.

## Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised on the consolidated statement of financial position when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contract with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers'. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Financial assets

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

- the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
- the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

## Amortised cost and interest income

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer creditimpaired.

## Impairment of financial assets and contract assets

The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (' ECL ') model on financial assets (including trade receivables, deposits and other receivables and bank balances) and contract assets which are subject to impairment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (' 12m ECL ') represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The ECL on these assets are assessed individually after considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, aging, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables and contract assets.

For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)

## (i) Significant increase in credit risk

In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument's external (if available) or internal credit rating;
- significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
- existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations;
- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
- an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor's ability to meet its debt obligations.

Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)

## (ii) Definition of default

The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are generally not recoverable:

- when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or
- information developed internally or obtained from external source indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

The Group considers that default has occurred when the instrument is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;
- (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;
- (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower's financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;
- (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- (e) the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

## (iv) Write-off policy

The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over two years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group's recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)

## (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount with the exception of trade receivables and contract assets where the correspondence adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is creditimpaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial instruments (Continued)

## Financial liabilities and equity

## Classification as debt or equity

Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of a group entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial liabilities

The Group's financial liabilities including trade payables, other payables and accrued charges, and bank borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.

## Payment for life insurance policy

Payment for life insurance policy is stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost adjusted for interest income and service charges, less impairment losses, if any.

## Retirement benefits costs

Payments to the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (' MPF Scheme ')  as defined contribution plan are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees in respect of wages and salaries and annual leave after deducting any amount already paid.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases

## Definition of a lease

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

For contracts entered into on or after the date of initial application or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

## The Group as a lessee

## Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of machineries and construction equipment, office, warehouse and car parking spaces that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date/initial application date of HKFRS 16 and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

## Right-of-use assets

The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

- the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;
- any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and
- an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over shorter of useful life and lease terms.

The Group presents right-of-use assets in 'property and equipment', the same line item within which the corresponding underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.

## Refundable rental deposits

Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Lease liabilities

At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable.

After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Lease modifications

The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

- the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
- the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability, less any lease incentives receivables, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-ofuse asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

## Sale and leaseback transactions

The Group applies the requirements of HKFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a sale by the Group.

For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee continues to recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as other borrowing within the scope of HKFRS 9.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs are recognised in finance costs in the period in which they are incurred.

## Taxation

Taxation represents the sum of the income tax expense currently payable and deferred tax.

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from 'profit/loss before taxation' as reported in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities. For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 'Income Taxes' requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary differences.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Taxation (Continued)

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In the application of the Group's accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the management of the Group is required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

The following is the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets within the next financial year.

## Foundation engineering services contracts

The Group reviews and revises the estimates of revenue and direct costs prepared for each foundation engineering services contract as the contract progresses. Budgeted direct costs are prepared by the management of the Group on the basis of quotations from time to time provided by the major contractors, suppliers or vendors involved and the experience of the management of the Group. In order to keep the budget accurate and up-to-date, the management of the Group conducts periodic reviews of the budgets of contracts by comparing the budgeted amounts to the actual amounts incurred. Such significant estimate may have impact on the profit recognised in each period.

Recognised amounts of foundation engineering services revenue and related receivables reflect the best estimate of the management of the Group of each contract's progress and outcome, which are determined on the basis of a number of estimates. This includes the assessment of the profitability of on-going foundation engineering services contracts. For more complex contracts in particular, direct costs to complete and contract profitability are subject to significant estimation uncertainty. The actual outcomes in terms of total direct cost or revenue may be higher or lower than estimated at the end of the reporting period, which would affect the revenue and profit recognised in future years as an adjustment to the amounts recorded to date.

During the year ended 31 March 2022, revenue of approximately HK$344,286,000 (2021: approximately HK$240,989,000) and direct costs of approximately HK$319,500,000 (2021: approximately HK$221,950,000) from foundation engineering services was recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## 4. KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables and contract assets

The management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables and contract assets individually after considering internal credit ratings of counterparties, aging, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables and contract assets. The estimated loss rates are estimated taking into consideration past repayment histories and proxy to default rates published by international credit-rating agencies and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.

The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group's trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed in notes 26, 14 and 16, respectively.

## 5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

## Revenue

Revenue represents the net amounts received and receivable from the foundation engineering services provided by the Group to customers. Such services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls. Revenue is recognised for these foundation engineering services based on the progress and outcome of the foundation engineering services contracts using input method.

## Timing of revenue recognition and category of revenue

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recognised over time:  Foundation engineering services  344,286  240,989   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A contract asset, net of contract liability related to the same contract, is recognised over the period in which the foundation engineering services are performed representing the Group's right to consideration for the services performed with reference to the proportion of direct costs incurred for work performed to date relative to the estimated total direct costs. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Group grants credit terms of 7 to 30 days to its customers from the date of invoices on progress payments of contract works.

Retention receivables, prior to expiration of defect liability period, are classified as contract assets, which ranges from 1 to 2 years from the date of the practical completion of the construction. The relevant amount of contract asset is reclassified to trade receivables when the defect liability period expires. The defect liability period serves as an assurance that the foundation engineering services performed comply with agreed-upon specifications and such assurance cannot be purchased separately.

The Group's foundation engineering services contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the construction period with reference to the proportion of direct costs incurred for work performed to date relative to the estimated total direct costs. The Group requires certain customers to provide upfront deposits range up to 10% of total contract sum. When the Group receives a deposit before construction commences, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the specific contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 5. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Revenue (Continued)

Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers

The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at the end of the reporting period and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

## Foundation engineering services

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  221,309  318,014  More than one year but not more than two years  -  50,000  221,309  368,014   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Segment information

The Group's revenue is solely derived from foundation engineering services in Hong Kong. For the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, the chief operating decision maker (' CODM ') representing the executive directors of the Company review the overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole prepared based on same accounting policies set out in note 3. Accordingly, the Group has only one single operating segment and no further discrete financial information nor analysis of this single segment is presented.

## Geographical information

No geographical segment information is presented as the Group's revenue are all derived from Hong Kong based on the location of services delivered and the Group's non-current assets excluding financial instruments amounting to HK$50,846,000 (2021: HK$57,923,000) are all located in Hong Kong by physical location of assets.

## Information about major customers

Revenue attributed from customers that accounted for 10% or more of the Group's total revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A  N/A*  69,381  Customer B  204,846  54,166  Customer C  N/A*  39,213  Customer D  N/A*  27,849  Customer E  63,699  N/A*   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than 10% of the Group's total revenue for the year

## 6. OTHER INCOME AND OTHER (LOSSES) GAINS

## Other income

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Government grant  (Note)  -  4,758  Interest income  129  134  Income from sale of waste material  2,239  1,527  Machine rental income  -  839  Sundry income  114  1,709  Others  160  171  2,642  9,138  Other (losses) gains  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss) Gain on disposal of property and equipment  (245)  126   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The Group recognised government grants in respect of the Employment Support Scheme and Employment Support Scheme for the Construction Sector under Anti-epidemic Fund of the Hong Kong SAR Government (the ' Hong Kong Government ') due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

## 7. FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Finance costs on:  Bank borrowings  1,286  1,998  Lease liabilities  82  219  1,368  2,217   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

The emoluments paid or payable to the directors of the Company and chief executive officer of the Group are as follows:

| Executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Lee  Mr. Chan  Siu Hung  ('Mr. Chan')  Mr. Chong  Kam Fung  Mr. Ho  Chun Chung  Patrick  Mr. Shi  Wai Lim  William  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (i))  Year ended 31 March 2022  Fees  -  -  194  194  194  582  Other emoluments  Salaries and other benefits  1,200  997  -  -  -  2,197  Bonus (Note (ii))  100  159  -  -  -  259  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  18  18  -  -  -  36  Total emoluments  1,318  1,174  194  194  194  3,074   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Executive directors  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Lee  Mr. Chan  Mr. Han  Zhenghai  ('Mr. Han')  Mr. Chong  Kam Fung  Mr. Ho  Chun Chung  Patrick  Mr. Shi  Wai Lim  William  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Note (i))  (Note (iii))  Year ended 31 March 2021  Fees  -  -  -  211  211  211  633  Other emoluments  Salaries and other benefits  1,200  967  -  -  -  -  2,167  Bonus (Note (ii))  100  156  -  -  -  -  256  Retirement benefits scheme  contributions  18  18  -  -  -  -  36  Total emoluments  1,318  1,141  -  211  211  211  3,092   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes: (i) Mr. Chan acts as chief executive officer of the Group.

(ii) Bonus are determined based on financial performance of the Group.

(iii) Mr. Han was appointed on 2 November 2020 and resigned on 3 February 2021.

The executive directors' emoluments are for their services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Group and the Company.

The independent non-executive directors' emoluments are for their services as the directors of the Company.

## 8. DIRECTORS' AND EMPLOYEES' EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

## (a) Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (Continued)

During the year ended 31 March 2022, none of the directors have waived or agreed to waive any remuneration (2021: one director of the Company, namely Mr. Han, has waived his emoluments of approximately HK$240,000).

During the year, no remuneration was paid by the Group to any director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## (b) Employees' emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2021: two) individuals were the directors of the Company whose emoluments were disclosed in note 8(a). The emoluments of the remaining three (2021: three) highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 March 2022 are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Salaries and other benefits  4,039  3,983  Bonus  (Note)  335  331  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  54  54  4,428  4,368   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Bonus are determined based on financial performance of the Group.

Their emoluments were within the following bands:

| No. of employees  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  2  2  HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000  1  1  3  3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## 9. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:  Auditor's remuneration  880  880  Depreciation of property and equipment  12,048  11,388  Directors' remuneration (note 8)  3,074  3,092  Other staff costs  Salaries and other benefits  61,232  58,467  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  1,888  1,659  Total staff costs  66,194  63,218   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong Profits Tax:  Current tax  21  21  Underprovision in prior years  93  -  Deferred tax  (note 22)  723  640  837  661   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the ' Bill ') which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28 March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the twotiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5% .

The directors of the Company considered the amount involved upon implementation of the two-tiered profits tax regime is insignificant to the consolidated financial statements. Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profits for both years.

Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

## 10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

Income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Profit before taxation  3,077  111  Tax at the domestic income tax rate  508  18  Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose  -  (806)  Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose  197  220  Underprovision in prior years  93  -  Others  39  1,229  Income tax expense for the year  837  661   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11.  DIVIDENDS

No dividend was paid or declared during the years ended 31 March 2022 and 2021, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of the reporting period.

## 12. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

The calculation of basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the following data:

## Earnings (Loss)

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Earnings (Loss) for the year for the purpose of calculating basic earnings (loss)  per share attributable to owners of the Company  2,240  (550)  ## Number of shares  2022  2021  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose  of calculating basic earnings (loss) per share  800,000  800,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No diluted earnings (loss) per share is presented as there was no potential ordinary share outstanding for both years.

## 13.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

| Machineries  and  Computer and  Leasehold  construction  office  Motor  Leased  improvements  equipment  equipment  vehicles  properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  COST  At 1 April 2020  527  77,549  178  11,986  2,465  92,705  Additions  -  4,322  -  344  -  4,666  New leases entered (note 28)  -  -  -  -  2,134  2,134  Disposals/written-off  -  (230)  -  (190)  -  (420)  At 31 March 2021  527  81,641  178  12,140  4,599  99,085  Additions  -  5,048  -  95  -  5,143  Disposals/written-off  -  (1,653)  -  -  (228)  (1,881)  At 31 March 2022  527  85,036  178  12,235  4,371  102,347  DEPRECIATION  At 1 April 2020  527  22,655  170  10,027  616  33,995  Provided for the year  -  9,060  8  694  1,626  11,388  Eliminated on disposals/written-off  -  (230)  -  (123)  -  (353)  At 31 March 2021  527  31,485  178  10,598  2,242  45,030  Provided for the year  -  9,537  -  597  1,914  12,048  Eliminated on disposals/written-off  -  (1,408)  -  -  (228)  (1,636)  At 31 March 2022  527  39,614  178  11,195  3,928  55,442  CARRYING AMOUNTS  At 31 March 2022  -  45,422  -  1,040  443  46,905  At 31 March 2021  -  50,156  -  1,542  2,357  54,055   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

The above items of property and equipment, after taking into account the residual values, are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful lives:

| Leasehold improvements  Over the lease terms  Machineries and construction equipment  4-10 years  Computer and office equipment  4 years  Motor vehicles  4 years  Leased properties  Over the shorter of useful life and lease terms   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## The Group as lessee

## Right-of-use assets (included in the property and equipment)

| Machineries and  construction  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Leased  properties  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  As at 31 March 2021  Carrying amount  -  700  2,357  3,057  As at 31 March 2022  Carrying amount  -  383  443  826  For the year ended 31 March 2022  Depreciation charge  -  317  1,914  2,231  For the year ended 31 March 2021  Depreciation charge  1,854  317  1,626  3,797   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expense relating to short-term leases is approximately HK$1,691,000 during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: approximately HK$252,000).

Total cash outflow for leases was approximately HK$4,018,000 for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: approximately HK$6,799,000).

The Group leases various machineries and construction equipment, motor vehicles and offices for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions for which the contract is enforceable. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of one to three years with no extension or termination options.

The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessors. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

At 31 March 2022, the Group has pledged certain plant and equipment with carrying value of approximately HK$14,529,000 (2021: approximately HK$29,002,000) to secure certain bank borrowings of the Group as disclosed in note 21.

## 13.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

## The Group as lessee (Continued)

## Right-of-use assets (included in the property and equipment) (Continued)

The Group entered into several short-term leases for car parking spaces and premises during the year ended 31 March 2022 and 2021. As at 31 March 2022, the outstanding lease commitments relating to these car parking spaces and premises are approximately HK$486,000 (2021: approximately HK$183,000).

## Sale and leaseback transactions - seller-lessee

To better manage the Group's capital structure and financing needs, the Group sometimes enters into sale and leaseback arrangements in relation to machinery leases. These legal transfer does not satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of the machinery. During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group has raised approximately HK$9,321,000 borrowings in respect of such sale and leaseback arrangements.

## 14. TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  56,525  34,444  Less: impairment loss allowance  (2,652)  (1,761)  53,873  32,683   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group grants credit terms of 7 to 30 days to its customers from the date of invoices on progress payments of contract works. An ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of impairment loss allowance) presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  38,457  10,347  31 - 60 days  10,651  8,974  61 - 90 days  -  7,340  91 - 365 days  -  59  Over 365 days  4,765  5,963  53,873  32,683   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

## Impairment assessment on trade receivables subject to ECL model

The Group always measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. The ECL on trade receivables are estimated individually after considering internal credit ratings of counterparties, aging, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables.

As at 31 March 2022, included in the Group's trade receivables (net of impairment loss allowance) are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of approximately HK$15,416,000 (2021: approximately HK$22,336,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, approximately HK$4,765,000 (2021: approximately HK$6,022,000) has been past due 90 days or more. The amount of approximately HK$4,705,000 (net of impairment loss allowance) are due from W. M. Contractor Limited and W. M. Construction Limited and that are in dispute as disclosed in note 27. Others are not considered as in default by considering the debtors' financial capability and historical repayment from these debtors.

The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances. Details of impairment assessment on trade receivables are set out in note 26.

## Transfer of financial assets

The following were the Group's trade receivables as at 31 March 2022 that were transferred to banks by discounting trade receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the receivables and has recognised the cash received on the transfer as secured bank borrowings (see note 21). These financial assets are carried at amortised cost in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Carrying amount of transferred assets  6,049  -  Carrying amount of associated liabilities  8,400  6,800   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. DEPOSITS, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deposits  1,549  1,322  Pledged deposits  (note a)  2,794  2,668  Other receivables  340  325  Prepayments  268  36  Payment for life insurance policy  (note b)  3,941  3,868  Total  8,892  8,219  Presented as non-current assets  4,238  4,275  Presented as current assets  4,654  3,944  Total  8,892  8,219   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- a. Pledged deposits are placed with insurance companies as collateral for surety bonds issued in favour of customers of certain construction contracts. The Group has unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify the insurance companies for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in respect of the surety bonds.
- b. During the year ended 31 March 2019, the Group entered into a life insurance policy with a bank to insure Mr. Ling Chi Fai, the General Manager of the Group, and paid a single premium of United States Dollar (' USD ') 494,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,851,000) at inception.

Under the life insurance policy, the Group is the beneficiary and policy holder and the insured sum is USD1,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$7,800,000). The Group can, at any time, withdraw cash based on the account value of these policies (' Account Value ') at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the gross premium paid plus accumulated interest earned and minus any charges made in accordance with the terms and conditions of these policies. If withdrawal is made during the surrender period stated in the policy (i.e. between 1st and 18th policy year), there is a specified amount of surrender charge deducted from Account Value. The insurance company will pay the Group a guaranteed interest rate of 4.25% per annum for the first year and a variable return per annum afterwards (with guaranteed minimum interest rate of 2% per annum) during the effective period of the policy.

The directors of the Company consider that the Group will not terminate the policies nor withdraw cash prior to the end of the surrender period on the aforementioned life insurance policy within the 12 months after the year ended 31 March 2022, accordingly, the amount is presented as non-current asset in the consolidated statement of financial position.

At the inception date, the gross premium paid by the Group included a fixed policy premium charge and a deposit. Monthly policy expense and insurance charges will be incurred over the insurance period with reference to the terms set out in the life insurance policies.

The balance of the payment of life insurance policy is denominated in USD, being a currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entity.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 16. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Contract assets  Foundation engineering services  103,594  104,034  Less: Impairment loss allowance  (2,334)  (1,925)  101,260  102,109  Contract liabilities  Foundation engineering services  2,503  253   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The contract assets primarily relate to the Group's right to consideration for work completed and not billed because the rights are conditional on the Group's future performance. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

The increase in contract liabilities in current year was mainly due to the increase in advance payments from customers.

The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance  at the beginning of the year  253  4,673   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:

## Foundation engineering services contracts

The Group's foundation engineering services contracts include payment schedules which require stage payments over the construction period with reference to the proportion of direct costs incurred for work performed to date relative to the estimated total direct costs. The Group typically transfer the contract assets to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional.

The Group also requires certain customers to provide upfront deposits up to 10% of total contract sum. When the Group receives a deposit before the foundation engineering service commences, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the specific contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

The Group also typically agrees to a retention period ranging from 1 year to 2 years for 10% of the contract value. This amount is included in contract assets until the end of the retention period as the Group's entitlement to this final payment is conditional on completion of defect liability period. The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to realise them in its normal operating cycle.

## 16.  CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

## Foundation engineering services contracts (Continued)

Included in the contract assets as at 31 March 2022 was retention money of approximately HK$38,724,000 (2021: approximately HK$52,827,000).

Retention money is unsecured and interest-free and represented the monies withheld by customers of contract works recoverable after the completion of default liability period of the relevant contracts or in accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts, being 1 year to 2 years from the date of completion of respective foundation engineering services projects. Accordingly, in respect to the incomplete projects at the end of the reporting period, the respective retention money is expected to be recovered beyond twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  15,197  28,374  After one year  23,527  24,453  38,724  52,827   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment assessment on contract assets subject to ECL model

The Group applies simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9. To measure the ECL of contract assets, contract assets have been assessed individually.

Details of impairment assessment on contract assets are set out in note 26.

## 17.  BANK BALANCES

Bank balances comprise short-term bank deposits with an original maturity of three months or less and carrying interest at prevailing market rate of 0.01% (2021: 0.01%) per annum.

## 18.  TRADE PAYABLES

The credit period is 0 to 60 days. The following is an ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  20,946  20,215  31 - 60 days  19,783  8,163  Over 60 days  16,732  9,255  57,461  37,633   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.  OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Accrued charges  4,140  7,140  Retention payable  16,806  8,410  Accrued staff costs  5,404  4,337  26,350  19,887   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. LEASE LIABILITIES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Lease liabilities payable:  Within one year  612  2,245  More than one year but within two years  -  612  612  2,857  Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities  (612)  (2,245)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities  -  612   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.  BANK BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Secured  24,385  30,871  Unsecured  -  9,529  24,385  40,400  The carrying amounts of the above bank borrowings are repayable*:  Within one year  3,693  5,859  More than one year but within two years  593  1,635  4,286  7,494  The carrying amount of the bank borrowings that contain a repayment on demand  clause (shown under current liabilities) but repayable:  Within one year  20,099  32,356  More than one year but within two years  -  549  20,099  32,905  24,385  40,400  Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities  23,792  38,216  Amounts shown under non-current liabilities  593  2,184   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.

The exposure of the Group's borrowings are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Variable-rate bank borrowings  20,099  29,723  Fixed-rate bank borrowings  4,286  10,677  24,385  40,400   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fixed-rate bank borrowings bear interest rate of 2.00% to 3.35% per annum (2021: 2.25% per annum). The variable-rate bank borrowings bear interest ranged from Hong Kong Prime Rate issued by the lending banks (' Hong Kong Prime Rate ') minus 3.00% to Hong Kong Prime Rate minus 0.25% per annum (2021: Hong Kong Prime Rate minus 3.00% to Hong Kong Prime Rate minus 0.25% per annum).

The bank borrowings as at 31 March 2022 are secured by certain property and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately HK$14,529,000 (2021: approximately HK$29,002,000) and life insurance policy (as detailed at note 15) of the Group (2021: secured by certain property and equipment and life insurance policy) and guaranteed by the corporate guarantees provided by the Company.

## 21. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

As at 31 March 2022, the carrying amount of trade receivables discounted to bank for short-term borrowing amounting to approximately HK$6,049,000 (2021: Nil), and the carrying amount of associated borrowings amounted to approximately HK$8,400,000 (2021: approximately HK$6,800,000).

The range of interest rates (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group's borrowings are 2.25%-4.50% (2021: 2.25%-4.50% per annum).

## 22.  DEFERRED TAXATION

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax assets  3,465  5,232  Deferred tax liabilities  (6,379)  (7,423)  (2,914)  (2,191)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The followings are the major deferred tax (assets) liabilities recognised and movements thereon during both years:

| Tax losses  Accelerated tax  recognised  depreciation  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  (6,819)  8,370  1,551  Charge (credit) to profit or loss  1,587  (947)  640  At 31 March 2021  (5,232)  7,423  2,191  Charge (credit) to profit or loss  1,767  (1,044)  723  At 31 March 2022  (3,465)  6,379  2,914   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$32,646,000 (2021: approximately HK$40,316,000) available for offset against future profits which are subject to the agreement with Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department. A deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of approximately HK$20,997,000 (2021: approximately HK$31,171,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the remaining approximately HK$11,649,000 (2021: approximately HK$8,606,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. The losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

No deferred tax assets in relation to deductible temporary differences of approximately HK$4,986,000 (2021: approximately: HK$3,686,000) as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

## 23. SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Amount  HK$'000  Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each:  Authorised:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 2022  2,000,000,000  20,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 April 2020, 31 March 2021 and 2022  800,000,000  8,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.  SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company's share option scheme (the ' Scheme ') was adopted, pursuant to a resolution passed on 4 December 2017, for the primary purpose of providing additional incentive to employees (full-time and part-time), the directors of the Company, consultants, advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service providers of the Group. Unless otherwise terminated or amended, the Scheme will remain in force for 10 years.

Pursuant to the Scheme, the aggregate number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme, and other schemes offered by the Company, as from the date of adoption of the Scheme, shall not exceed 10% of the shares in issue on the listing date (i.e. 800,000,000 shares). The overall limit on the number of shares which shall be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme, and other schemes offered by the Company, shall not exceed 30% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time. The total number of shares issued, and to be issued, upon exercise of options granted in accordance with the Scheme to each eligible participant in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company. The option shall remain open for acceptance by the eligible participant for a period of 7 days (inclusive of the date on which such offer is made). HK$1 shall be payable by the participants on acceptance of the offer of the option.

The exercisable period of the share options granted is determinable by the board of directors, but no later than 10 years from the date of grant of the options. The subscription price for the shares in respect of which options are granted is determinable by board of directors, but shall be no less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of grant of the options, which must be a business day; (ii) the average closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the options; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's share on the date of grant of the option.

No share options were granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the Scheme during the year nor outstanding as at the end of the reporting period.

## 25.  CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to owners through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt which includes bank borrowings, lease liabilities and equity of the Group, comprising issued share capital, share premium, other reserve and accumulated profits.

The management of the Group reviews the capital structure regularly taking into account the cost of capital and the risk associated with the capital. The Group will balance its overall capital structure through issuance of new shares and raising new borrowings or repayment of existing borrowings.

## 26.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets  Amortised cost  68,689  47,656  Financial liabilities  Amortised cost  102,792  93,583   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial risk management objectives and policies

The Group's financial instruments include trade receivables, deposits, other receivables, bank balances, trade payables, other payables and accrued charges, bank borrowings and lease liabilities. Details of these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

## Market risk (currency risk)

The Group has limited currency exposure as both the sales and direct costs were denominated in the functional currency of the respective group entities. However, the Group has payment for life insurance policies of approximately HK$3,941,000 (2021: approximately HK$3,868,000) denominated in USD which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.

Since the exchange rate of HK$ is pegged with USD, the management of Group does not expect any significant movements in the USD/HK$ exchange rates. Thus, there is no sensitivity analysis on USD denominated payment for life insurance policies.

The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to the Group's fixed-rate lease liabilities and bank borrowings. The Group's cash flow interest rate risk primarily relates to the variable-rate bank balances (note 17) and variable-rate bank borrowings (note 21) and is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of Hong Kong Prime Rate arising from the Group's bank borrowings.

The Group has not used any interest rate swaps to mitigate its exposure associated with interest rate risk. However, the management of the Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

## Sensitivity analysis

The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-derivative instruments at the end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point increase or decrease in variable-rate bank borrowings are used and represents assessment of the management of the Group of the reasonably possible change in interest rates. Bank balances are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management of the Group considers that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate bank balances is insignificant.

If interest rates had been 100 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by approximately HK$168,000 (2021: the Group's post-tax profit for the year would decrease/ increase by approximately HK$248,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group's exposure to interest rates on its variable-rate bank borrowings.

## 26.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment

Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group's counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting in financial losses to the Group. The Group's credit risk is primarily attributable to trade receivables, deposits and other receivables, bank balances and contract assets. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.

The Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other items under ECL model. Information about the Group's credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and the related impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

## Trade receivables and contract assets arising from contracts with customers

The management of the Group adopted a policy on providing credit facilities to new customers. A credit investigation, including assess to financial information and credit search, is required to be launched. The level of credit granted must not exceed a predetermined level set by the management of the Group. Credit evaluation is performed on a regular basis.

The Group has concentration of credit risks with exposure limited to certain customers. The top two debtors with trade receivables (net of impairment loss allowance) of approximately HK$39,260,000 (2021: approximately HK$14,397,000) in aggregate comprised approximately 72.9% (2021: 44%) of the Group's trade receivables (net of impairment loss allowance). The directors of the Company closely monitor the subsequent settlement of the customers. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

In order to minimise the credit risk on trade receivables and contract assets, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the management of the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate provisions for impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts on trade receivable and contract assets. In this regard, the management of the Group considers that the credit risk on trade receivables and contract assets is significantly reduced. The Group applied simplified approach on trade receivables and contract assets to provide for ECL. To measure the ECL of trade receivables and contract assets, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed individually.

## Deposits and other receivables

For deposits and other receivables, the directors of the Company make individual assessment on the recoverability of these balances based on historical settlement records, past experience, and also available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information, to ensure that adequate provisions for impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group's credit risk is significantly reduced.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

## Bank balances

The credit risk on bank balances of the Group is limited because the counterparties are banks with good reputation and no history of default in the past and no loss allowance provision for bank balances was recognised. The Group has limited exposure to any single financial institution.

The Group's internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

| Internal  credit rating  Description  Trade receivables/  Contract assets  Other financial assets  Low risk  The counterparty is a subsidiary of a listed  company with a low risk of default  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  12m ECL  Watch list  The counterparty is a private company with a  low risk of default  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  12m ECL  Doubtful  There have been significant increase in credit risk  since initial recognition through information  developed internally or external resources  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  not credit-impaired  Loss  There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-  impaired  Lifetime ECL - credit-impaired  Lifetime ECL -  credit-impaired  Write-off  There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in  severe financial difficulty and the Group has  no realistic prospect of recovery, or in case of  trade receivables, when the amounts are over  two years past-due, whichever occurs sooner  Amount is written off  Amount is written off   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

The table below detail the credit risk exposures, which represent the gross carrying amount at the end of the reporting period, of the Group's financial assets and other item which are subject to ECL assessment:

| Notes  External  credit rating  Internal  credit rating  12m ECL or lifetime ECL  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets at  amortised cost  Trade receivables  (note i)  14  N/A  Low risk  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  6,278  2,770  N/A  Watch list  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  43,859  25,077  N/A  Doubtful  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  5,536  6,336  N/A  Loss  Lifetime ECL (credit-impaired)  852  261  56,525  34,444  Other receivables  and deposits  (note iii)  15  N/A  Low risk  12m ECL  4,683  4,315  Bank balances  (note iv)  17  A3-Aa3  N/A  12m ECL  10,133  10,658  Other item  Contract assets (note ii)  16  N/A  Low risk  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  39,518  80,270  N/A  Watch list  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  57,740  15,941  N/A  Doubtful  Lifetime ECL (not credit-  impaired)  6,336  7,823  103,594  104,034   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Notes:

## (i) Trade receivables

The ECL on trade receivables are estimated individually by considering internal credit ratings of trade debtors, aging, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables.

An estimated loss rate is applied to each group of internal credit rating. The loss rates are in the range from 0.58% to 17.37% and taking into consideration past repayment histories and proxy to default rates published by international credit-rating agencies and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

Debtor which is credit-impaired with gross carrying amount of approximately HK$852,000 (2021: approximately HK$261,000) is assessed individually, with impairment allowance for the entire amount made.

The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for trade receivables under the simplified approach.

| Lifetime ECL  (not credit-impaired)  Lifetime ECL  (credit-impaired)  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  872  261  1,133  Changes due to financial instruments recognised  as at 1 April 2020:  - Impairment losses reversed  (461)  -  (461)  Impairment losses recognised  1,089  -  1,089  At 31 March 2021  1,500  261  1,761  Changes due to financial instruments recognised  as at 1 April 2021:  - Impairment losses reversed  (670)  -  (670)  Impairment losses recognised  1,561  -  1,561  Transfer to credit - impaired  (591)  591  -  At 31 March 2022  1,800  852  2,652   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Contract assets

The Group applies simplified approach to measure ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9. To measure the ECL of contract assets, contract assets have been assessed based on individual assessment. As part of the Group's credit risk management, the Group applied internal credit rating for its customers.

An estimated loss rate is applied to each group of internal credit rating. The loss rates are in the range from 0.58% to 17.37% and taking into consideration past repayment histories and proxy to default rates published by international credit-rating agencies and are adjusted for forward-looking information (including residential unit price index and gross domestic product growth in Hong Kong) that is available without undue cost or effort.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

## (ii) Contract assets (Continued)

The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognised for contract assets under the simplified approach.

| Lifetime ECL  (not credit-impaired)  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  1,221  Changes due to contract assets recognised at 1 April 2020:  - Impairment losses reversed  (351)  Impairment losses recognised  1,055  At 31 March 2021  1,925  Changes due to contract assets recognised at 1 April 2021:  - Impairment losses reversed  (771)  Impairment losses recognised  1,180  At 31 March 2022  2,334   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Other receivables and deposits

The directors of the Company consider that there is no material credit risk inherent with the outstanding balance of other receivables and deposits. Accordingly, no impairment loss has been recognised.

## (iv) Bank balances

The credit risk on bank balances is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies. At 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group performed an impairment assessment at 12m ECL by reference to information published by external credit rating agencies relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades, and concluded that the risks of default of these counterparties are low. Accordingly, no impairment loss has been recognised.

## Liquidity risk

In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management of the Group to finance the Group's operations and mitigate the effects of unexpected fluctuations in cash flows.

The following table details the Group's remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

## 26. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

## Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

The table includes both interest and principal cash flows.

| Weighted  average  Total  effective  Repayable  Within  1 year to  undiscounted  Carrying  interest rate  on demand  1 year  2 years  cash flows  amount  %  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 March 2022  Trade payables  -  16,732  40,729  -  57,461  57,461  Other payables and accrued charges  -  -  20,946  -  20,946  20,946  Bank borrowings  4.1  20,311  3,782  599  24,692  24,385  37,043  65,457  599  103,099  102,792  Lease liabilities  4.6  -  616  -  616  612  At 31 March 2021  Trade payables  -  9,255  28,378  -  37,633  37,633  Other payables and accrued charges  -  -  15,550  -  15,550  15,550  Bank borrowings  3.9  33,256  6,162  1,657  41,075  40,400  42,511  50,090  1,657  94,258  93,583  Lease liabilities  4.5  -  2,327  616  2,943  2,857   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bank borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the 'Repayable on demand' time band in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 March 2022, the aggregate carrying amount of these bank borrowings amounted to approximately approximately HK$20,099,000 (2021: approximately HK$32,905,000). Taking into account the Group's financial position, the management of the Group does not believe that it is probable that the bank will exercise its discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The management of the Group believes that such bank borrowings of the Group will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements of which the aggregate principal and interest cash outflows will amount to approximately HK$20,311,000 repayable within 1 year as at 31 March 2022 (2021: approximately HK$32,700,000 repayable within 1 year and approximately HK$556,000 repayable in 1 year to 2 years) based on the effective interest rate.

## Fair value of financial instruments

The management of the Group considers that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are determined in accordance with general accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

For the year ended 31 March 2022

## 27. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

During the year ended 31 March 2019, Ming Lee Foundation, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, received two Writs of Summons from W.M. Contractor Limited (' W.M. Contractor '),  claiming against Ming Lee Foundation for the overpayment made by W.M. Contractor of certain construction projects in the amount of approximately HK$441,000 (the ' 1st Action ') and HK$2,001,000 (the ' 2nd Action ') respectively. W.M. Contractor subsequently filed an amended statement of claim revising the claim for the amount of overpayment made by W.M. Contractor in the 1st Action to approximately HK$4,588,000.

During the year ended 31 March 2020, Ming Lee Foundation filed a defence to and counterclaim against W.M. Construction Limited (' W.M. Construction ') and W.M. Contractor in the amount of approximately HK$4,764,000 and HK$5,536,000 for the outstanding payment for 6 completed construction projects. The parties to the 1st Action and the 2nd Action consented to and an order was made by the court that the proceedings under the 1st Action and the 2nd Action be consolidated and carried on as an action (the ' Consolidated Action ').

The Consolidated Action is at the case management stage. The first case management conference was held on 26 May 2022 and there will be a second case management conference to be heard after 26 October 2022. The directors of the Company have fully considered factors including the nature of claims, costs of litigation and potential impact on the consolidated financial statements and engaged an external lawyer to consider and assess the litigation strategies and defenses, as well as its impact on the Group. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group has valid grounds to deny the allegations made by the plaintiff and to counterclaim against W.M. Contractor and W.M. Construction. Accordingly, no provision is required to be made in the consolidated financial statements.

The Company will make further disclosure as and when necessary or appropriate based on the progress of the litigation.

## 28.  MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended 31 March 2021, the Group entered into new lease agreement for the use of properties. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised right-of-use assets of HK$2,134,000 which included as 'leased properties' in property and equipment and lease liabilities of HK$2,134,000.

## 29.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

## Compensation of key management personnel

The remuneration of executive directors of the Company and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term benefits  7,252  7,123  Post-employment benefits  108  108  7,360  7,231   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES

The MPF Scheme is registered with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in funds under the control of an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the MPF Scheme at rates specified in the rules. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions. Except for voluntary contribution, no forfeited contribution under the MPF Scheme is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years. The cap of contribution amount being HK$1,500 per employee per month.

The retirement benefits scheme contributions arising from the MPF Scheme charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income represent contributions paid or payable to the funds by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the schemes.

The contributions paid and payable to the schemes by the Group are disclosed in notes 8 and 9.

## 31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Investments in subsidiaries  51,506  51,506  Amounts due from subsidiaries  43,145  46,277  94,651  97,783  Current asset  Bank balances  318  155  318  155  Current liability  Accrued charges  1,095  1,021  Net current liabilities  (777)  (866)  Net assets  93,874  96,917  Capital and reserves  Share capital  8,000  8,000  Reserves  85,874  88,917  Total equity  93,874  96,917   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Movement in the Company's reserves

| Share  Accumulated  premium  losses  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  123,367  (31,481)  91,886  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  -  (2,969)  (2,969)  At 31 March 2021  123,367  (34,450)  88,917  Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year  -  (3,043)  (3,043)  At 31 March 2022  123,367  (37,493)  85,874   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

The table below details changes in the Group's liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group's consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

| Bank  Borrowings  Lease  liabilities  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 April 2020  41,101  7,051  48,152  Financing cash flows (Note)  (2,699)  (6,547)  (9,246)  New leases  -  2,134  2,134  Finance costs recognised  1,998  219  2,217  At 31 March 2021 and 1 April 2021  40,400  2,857  43,257  Financing cash flows (Note)  (17,301)  (2,327)  (19,628)  Finance costs recognised  1,286  82  1,368  At 31 March 2022  24,385  612  24,997   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The financing cash flows represented the net amount of proceeds from bank borrowings, payment of finance costs and repayments of bank borrowings.

## 33. PARTICULARS OF THE SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| Proportion of ownership  Issued and  interest attributable  Place of  Place of  full paid  to the Company  Name of subsidiary  establishment  operation  share capital  2022  2021  Principal activities  Smart Sage  ^  BVI  BVI/Hong Kong  USD10,000  100%  100%  Investment holding  Southern Sun  ^  BVI  BVI/Hong Kong  USD10,000  100%  100%  Investment holding  Ming Lee Foundation  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$1,000  100%  100%  Provision of foundation  engineering work  Ming Lee Engineering  Hong Kong  Hong Kong  HK$2  100%  100%  Provision of  engineering work   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

^ Directly held by the Company

None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the reporting period.

## Financial Summary

| ## For the year ended 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  RESULTS  Revenue  344,286  240,989  452,627  289,212  331,112  Profit (loss) before taxation  3,077  111  668  (24,259)  23,188  Income tax (expense) credit  (837)  (661)  (380)  3,766  (5,827)  Profit (loss) for the year  2,240  (550)  288  (20,493)  17,361  Profit (loss) for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  2,240  (550)  288  (20,493)  15,187  As at 31 March  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  ASSETS AND LIABILITIES  Total assets  221,063  207,813  260,904  244,125  233,323  Total liabilities  114,231  103,221  155,762  139,271  106,477  Net assets  106,832  104,592  105,142  104,854  126,846  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  106,832  104,592  105,142  104,854  126,846  Non-controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  Total equity  106,832  104,592  105,142  104,854  126,846   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: There is no restatement of prior years' financial information upon application of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 as at 1 April 2018 and HKFRS 16 as at 1 April 2019.

This report is published in both English and Chinese languages. Should there be any inconsistency between the Chinese and English versions, the English version shall prevail.